0 Released on DVD in the UK as Axe , The Choke is a teen slasher that fails in pretty much every department : the story is almost non - existent , resulting in a film which comprises mostly of people wandering around a dark building ; with the exception of two characters ( who are quite obviously destined to be the film 's survivors ) , everyone is thoroughly objectionable , meaning that the viewer could n't care less when they get slaughtered ; the deaths are n't gory enough ( unless a brief shot of a pound of minced beef covered in fake blood turns your stomach ) ; and the gratuitous sex scene features next to no nudity ( an unforgivable mistake to make in a slasher flick!).<br /><br />The wafer - thin plot sees members of a punk band locked inside what appears to be the world 's largest nightclub ( there are endless abandoned corridors and rooms , unlike any club I 've ever seen ) where they are picked off by an unseen assailant . For a low budget effort , the production values are okay , and the cast are all seem to be fairly capable actors , but with not nearly enough genuine scares , a reluctance to get really messy ( this is a slasher , so where 's the graphic splatter ? ) , way too much dreadful dialogue ( particularly from the not - dead - soon - enough drummer ) and some ill advised use of tacky video techniques in an attempt to add some style , the movie quickly becomes extremely boring .
0 I watched this film not really expecting much , I got it in a pack of 5 films , all of which were pretty terrible in their own way for under a fiver so what could I expect ? and you know what I was right , they were all terrible , this movie has a few ( and a few is stretching it ) interesting points , the occasional camcorder view is a nice touch , the drummer is very like a drummer , i.e damned annoying and , well that s about it actually , the problem is that its just so boring , in what I can only assume was an attempt to build tension , a whole lot of nothing happens and when it does its utterly tedious ( I had my thumb on the fast forward button , ready to press for most of the movie , but gave it a go ) and seriously is the lead singer of the band that great looking , coz they do n't half mention how beautiful he is a hell of a lot , I thought he looked a bit like a meercat , all this and I have n't even mentioned the killer , I 'm not even gon na go into it , its just not worth explaining . Anyway as far as I 'm concerned Star and London are just about the only reason to watch this and with the exception of London ( who was actually quite funny ) it was n't because of their acting talent , I 've certainly seen a lot worse , but I 've also seen a lot better . Best avoid unless your bored of watching paint dry .
0 The Choke starts as a rock band known as The Choke prepare for a gig at a nightclub called ' Club 905 ' owned & run by Guy Johnson ( Andrew Parker ) . Lead singer Dylan ( Sean Cook ) & guitar player Mike ( Jason McKee ) plan to tell the other band members , bass player London ( Brooke Bailey ) & drummer Nancy ( Tom Olson ) , that they are both going solo & their services wo n't be needed any longer . Once at the club Dylan prepares but Mike does n't show up & the gig turns into a disaster . Then just as the band think things could n't get any worse they find a dead body in the cellar , that all the doors have been locked so they ca n't get out & that they ca n't trust anyone as a mysterious killer begins picking them off one - by - one ... <br /><br />Produced & directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard by - the - numbers teen slasher that really does n't have anything going for it . The script by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber ( not too many horror films out there penned by ladies ... ) has some surprisingly good character 's in it & some nifty dialogue but while it 's much better than a lot of modern shot on a camcorder type horror in that respect it 's so slow & boring that even a few interesting character 's ca n't come anywhere close to saving it . As one would expect all the usual teen slasher clichés are used , from the isolated location the victims ca n't escape from , the cast of good looking teenagers who keep splitting up , a few murders & a really poor twist ending that tries to mimic something like Scream ( 1996 ) & be surprising but does n't make a whole lot of sense when you think about it logically ( they could n't have done some of the things they were supposed to ) & to make matters even worse I guessed who the killer was fairly early on & even though I do n't want to boast I was spot on . Then there 's the fact that the makers of The Choke felt that it 's audience would be entertained by showing endless ( well it feels endless while watching it ) scenes of teenagers walking around dark corridors doing nothing in particular , I am sorry but there is only so many scenes like this that I can take before it starts to become tedious . The kill count is low , at first they all decide to stick together ( good idea ) but then they all just randomly decide to split up & go their separate ways ( bad idea when there 's a killer on the loose ) , the pace is lethargic , the kill scenes are unimaginative & to top it all off the twist ending is poor.<br /><br />Director Mas does alright , the film looks OK for the most part although there are the odd occasions where he uses some annoying post production editing technique like slow motion or frame skipping . The gore levels are n't really up to scratch , there 's some blood splatter , a guy with a hole in his chest , a few dead bodies & someone impaled on some metal poles . Most of the kills happen off screen with the axe kill at the end a good example of the film not actually showing anything . Since the film is about a rock band there 's quite a rock orientated soundtrack with some truly horrible , horrible rock songs used on it . I am sorry rock fans but to my ears this crap is just noise pollution . It 's not scary , there 's no real atmosphere & the lack of blood & gore is just inexcusable when the rest of the film is so bad.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $ 1,000,000 The Choke is well made with reasonable production values , it looks cheap to be sure but not as cheap as many low budget horror films look . Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington apparently . The acting is one of the films strongest points as it 's generally pretty good all round , I mean no - one is going to win an Oscar but it ai n't half bad.<br /><br />The Choke is a throughly routine Scream style teen slasher that has one of the weakest twist endings ever & a criminal lack of blood , gore , violence , nudity & dead bodies . I mean if a slasher has n't got any sex or gore then what 's the point ? Those are the only things that the average slasher is worth watching for , right ?
0 THE CHOKE ( aka AXE in the UK ) is a slasher produced supposedly as a straight - to - DVD movie . I say " supposedly " because the title of the movie does not have the " V " in brackets to indicate that it was a made for DVD movie ( even though it does have the appearance of one).<br /><br />The plot is simple  a band is holding a gig in a former meatpacking factory and they are killed one by one.<br /><br />I think most would agree that the movie was never going to be a masterpiece , but this does not excuse the faults here . Even straight - to - DVD movies such as BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE ( which has a very low IMDb rating ) have a lot of redeeming qualities and sometimes come off as being one of the so - called " so bad , they 're good " movies . However , THE CHOKE falls far short of being either a serious slasher ( such as HALLOWEEN ) or being a " so bad it 's good " movie ( such as THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE).<br /><br />The movie does start off good with a character killed using a drill . The blood effects were very cheesy but understandable given the very low budget . But , from there onwards , it 's downhill all the way.<br /><br />There are so many faults in THE CHOKE that I could spend all day talking about them . But , a few obvious ones stand out and I 'll go into them.<br /><br />The aforementioned gig that the band holds seems to start off with around 50 people present but after the music stops , there seems to be only around 8 people left ( and yet they 're all meant to be locked in!).<br /><br />The characters in this movie are not likable at all . Most of the band members are aggressive foul - mouthed morons or just downright weird . No one really cares about what happens to them , and even their supposed friends forget about them when they 've been dispatched . The highlight of the movie is the presence of a homeless man who seems to regard the meatpacking factory as some kind of church ( seriously ! ) . He spouts some really funny lines for no apparent reason . But sadly , even his presence ca n't save the movie.<br /><br />There are too many scenes of people walking around and talking without any characterisation . Around 65 minutes of the film is spent watching characters walk around talking . Characters disappear for long periods of time without explanation . As in other straight - to - DVD movies such as CROCODILE and GRIM WEEKEND , the characters spend a lot of time swearing at each other aggressively without any provocation at all . There are plenty of over - the - top outbursts ( mainly from the male characters ) and one nearly results in a full - blown fight . In fact , the format could be said to go as follows : characters walk around -- murder takes place -- characters walk around -- murder takes place . You get the idea.<br /><br />The dialogue is terrible and it seems that few lines are spoken without the f - word being used . Perhaps this was meant to be funny , but it just comes off as sad . And more to the point , we have all seen this done a thousand times before ( usually to much greater effect).<br /><br />The movie is totally devoid of any suspense at all . The dead bodies serve to provide the only indication that the characters are in danger . A maniac is running around loose and yet the characters just behave like total morons . They make little attempt to get out of the factory or find a weapon with which to protect themselves . And much of the time , they do n't even pretend to be scared.<br /><br />In the same vein as DRIVE - IN MASSACRE , the killer is not seen at the time the murders are being committed ( with the exception of the final murder when the killer 's identity is revealed ) . A random weapon appears out of nowhere to kill the victim in question . There is no one seen stalking the characters at any time . In DRIVE - IN MASSACRE , this served to make the film funny ( unintentionally of course ) , but here it is not funny at all.<br /><br />And , as another reviewer has pointed out , the soundtrack includes music that is very bad , even for those who like punk rock . The extras look uncomfortable dancing to it . The score ( at the end , there is no music at the beginning ! ) consists of a band of Sugarbabe wannabes singing some very bad song that is completely unrelated to the movie.<br /><br />Don't misunderstand the points made in this review . This reviewer likes bad movies ( such as THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE and BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE ) as much as the classics ( such as HALLOWEEN and Friday THE 13TH ) . But , it seems that THE CHOKE tried too hard to fit into one of those categories without fitting into either . And even as straight - to - DVD movies go , this is a poor effort.<br /><br />On a positive note , the film does contain some fairly good gory murder scenes . But , when the surviving characters do not take the situation seriously , these scenes lose their importance quickly as the intensity they provide disappears into oblivion.<br /><br />Fans of the traditional 1980s B - movie slashers should take steps to avoid this movie . And fans of the classics such as HALLOWEEN and Friday THE 13TH should do everything in their power to avoid it !
0 The photography on the DVD is so dark I thought the screen had died . I think I missed seeing half of the movie . Still , it was poorly crafted and not interesting . I did not find the story related to the title " The Black Widow " . I was hoping for a mystery or a thriller but did not get involved enough to care after the first few frames . I rented the movie especially for Willem Dafoe and was sad it wasted his talent . I do not believe Giada Colagrande has studied movie making long enough to develop a major motion picture . She is attractive and might develop into an actor but she took on too many tasks in this movie . Although they are married in real life , they lack chemistry on the screen . Their relationships did not seem believable . I do not understand why the other characters were even introduced into the plot .
0 The only reason I watched the movie till the end was the " hope " to see something interesting . The movie is really bad and the performance of the girl it is really , really bad , honestly , I am not a movie critic neither an expert but you just need common sense to notice that this work it is incredibly bad.<br /><br />The first thing that came to my mind as soon as she started to talk was : " She has an affair with Willem Dafoe and he accepted to help her with the screenplay and appear in her movie since she is the brilliant director " ... surprise , surprise , next day after I watched the film I found out on internet that Giada Colagrande is his wife . Awful story and terrible performance .
0 I just rented ( yes ! I paid money to see ! ) this film . OMG . It is one of the very worst films I have ever seen . As another reviewer put it , Ms. Colagrande , get out of films , PLEASE ! Please never make or appear in another film ! The lady has the charisma of a cantaloupe . No , that 's not fair to the cantaloupe , which probably has more going for it . She does not know how to act ; she affects a disgusted look ALL the time ( reminded me very much of my always - disgusted young sisters - in - law from Europe ) . She is not charming ; she is not pretty . There is no real story . And the editing ! There WASN'T any , that I could see ! It 's pretty bad when you are watching a film and , just to get through it , you press " forward forward " on your remote , and STILL nothing happens ! I mean ! ..... I kept involuntarily screaming , " Cut ! Cut ! " What WERE they thinking ? Well , obviously , they thought they would make a film together and get PAID to make love on screen ! Pretty good deal for THEM ; pretty raw deal for the viewer ! I think I 'm going to throw up now ....
0 I am not an artistically inclined individual . I am a science minded woman and I felt that this movie was maybe one of those campy artsy type films on a budget . I watched part of it with my fiancé and my future step daughter . We tried very hard to find something in this film to keep our interest . My fiancé and his daughter voted it off and we moved on to Ocean 's 13,but that is another story . Not to be deterred I awoke the next morning and gave the movie another shot . I began again watching this movie in earnest . I just do n't get it , I thought I would get it . I thought the funniest part was the flushing of the ashes and the urn finding a spot by the fireplace being used as a vase for what appeared to be dead flowers . Interesting and still it had dead stuff inside . It was an odd and bizarre movie . Maybe this is what they were after , however I wo n't be tricked a second time !
0 As I watch this film , it is interesting to see how much it marginalizes Black men . The film spends its time showing how powerless the most visible Black man in it is ( save for an heroic moment ) . For much of the film , the other Black men ( and dark - skinned Black women ) in the film are way in the background , barely visible.<br /><br />Vanessa Williams ' character was strong and sympathetic . The viewer can easily identify and sympathize with her . There are also some fairly visible and three - dimensional support characters who are light - skinned , and some White characters of some warmth and dignity . But 99 % of the Black males in this film are nothing but invisible men . Voiceless shadows in the background , of no consequence . Such a horrible flaw , but anything but unusual in the mainstream media .
0 Caught this movie on the tube on a Sunday . I thought it was so bad I looked it up on IMDb to see what others thought of it . I was not surprised at the amount of silly people who enjoyed this fluff . I was however surprised when I looked into the comments to read the Hated It categories only to find that their were none . I was shocked at this ; I always look at the hated it 's as their are always those who hate a movie no matter how good it is . Somehow this movie made it through unscathed by the haters I say nay to that and proclaim proudly that I HATE THIS MOVIE ! I know I should go into detail about why I hate this movie but to do so would only grant this movie more respect than it deserves .
0 Jack London 's life was certainly colorful enough for a dozen films about different aspects of him . Sad to say though that what his life was used for in film was some wartime propaganda that put the best face on some of the least attractive parts of his character.<br /><br />Jack London who barely saw the age of 40 when he died wrote some of the best stories around . He wrote on what he knew , but he also wrote as does everyone else bringing the baggage of his own life experience with him . Some of that experience in another day and time would have been condemned as racism . But this was World War II and London was a big believer in the ' yellow peril ' as it was called back in the day.<br /><br />Two thirds of the film covers his life as author , we see his years as a seaman from where he got the inspiration for The Sea Wolf . We see him up in the Yukon in a miner 's cabin with a dog that was no doubt his inspiration for The Call of the Wild . London was able to capture the spirit of adventure that his own life was all about right on paper for the world to enjoy ever since.<br /><br />The final third dealt with his time as a war correspondent covering the Russo - Japanese War . London was a socialist , but his socialism did not encompass folks who were Oriental . Like a few million others he saw the rising immigration of the Chinese and Japanese to our Pacific coast as a threat to jobs for the white people . He advocated strict immigration policies for Orientals.<br /><br />The film puts the cart before the horse . London is presented as a man who saw because he was on hand at the Russo - Japanese War what Japan 's ambitions were and for that reason was as xenophobic as he was . Actually the kind of atrocities present in World War II were not existent during the Russo - Japanese conflict . Japan had her imperial ambitions , but so did everyone else including the USA at that time . But our immigration policies caused by pressure from our West Coast politicians was a big contributing factor to the deterioration of relations with Japan over a couple of generations . London was part of the cause not a prophet crying in the wilderness.<br /><br />This film was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston who later did some films with a bit more budget than Jack London . Had he a bit more money Bronston might have gotten James Cagney or Spencer Tracy , both who would have been right for the role . Instead they got Michael O'Shea who was making his second film after Lady of Burlesque . O'Shea is fine in the part , but certainly was no box office.<br /><br />As London is covering the war , he meets up with a Captain Tanaka who is played by Leonard Strong , an actor who specialized in Orientals and played a ton of them in World War II . From the vantage point in 1905 Strong outlines in the best Fu Manchu tradition Japan 's imperial aims right up to taking on the USA eventually . Must have gone over great with the swing shift crowd . < br /><br />A lot of course is left out of London 's life including a first wife . Playing the second and only wife in this film is Susan Hayward who only comes into the movie when it 's half over . I wish we 'd have seen more of her . Charmian Kittredge London survived her husband by almost 40 years dying in 1955.<br /><br />O'Shea in fact met and married the leading lady of his life in Jack London . Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London and they married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973.<br /><br />Maybe one day we 'll get a view of Jack London that will be a lot better than this one .
0 In his brief 40 years on Earth , author Jack London managed to cram as much adventure and incident as would seem possible . This 90-minute film , purportedly a biography of the man 's life but patently fictionalized , does n't even scratch the surface , and remains a story very ripe for a modern - day retelling . Here , Michael O'Shea , in one of his first roles , portrays London , and his performance is both rugged and sympathetic . He is not the problem here . Nor is a young and very beautiful Susan Hayward , playing his future wife , Charmian , whose biography on London is the " basis " for this film . London 's life has here been broken down into a series of episodes , which the film skips lightly through . So we have brief incidents with London as an oyster pirate , a sealer in the Bering Sea , a gold prospector in the Yukon and a correspondent during the Russo - Japanese War ... colorful events , for sure , but hardly given anything like in - depth treatment . And Alfred Santell 's direction ( he also directed one of Susan 's first films , " Our Leading Citizen , " in 1939 ) is lackadaisical at best . Making things rougher here is a very poor - quality DVD , with a crummy - looking print source and hissy sound . Perhaps the best thing about this movie rental , for me , was one of the DVD 's extras : a catalog of all the Alpha Video films , featuring hundreds and hundreds of full - color movie posters . Let 's just hope that these films are in better shape than " Jack London " !
0 Hollywood 's attempt to turn Jack London 's life into a " Jack London " adventure film is n't a bad idea ; certainly , he led an interesting , and sometimes adventurous , life . This film , however , winds up flat and unsatisfying . Most importantly , it lacks integrity . Michael O'Shea ( as London ) has some Londonesque speeches ; and , it 's nice to see his bearded Jack receive " The Call of the Wild " after spending some quality time alone , in the snowy mountains , with his dog , " Buck " . Virginia Mayo and Susan Hayward are both very pretty . The film draws unfortunate " Yellow Peril " parallels between London 's life and World War II , which are both strained and insulting . < br /><br / > * * Jack London ( 11/24/43 ) Alfred Santell ~ Michael O'Shea , Susan Hayward , Virginia Mayo
0 OK , aside from the psychedelic background imagery , the info presented here was good . The music I could have done without ( not that it was bad music , just that it did n't fit this film at all).<br /><br />As for the content of the film , the director brings up the often - lacking Pagan perspective on Christ 's existence and a startling comparison of the deeds and events of Christ 's life vs. the lives of mythological figures / deities such as Mithra and Dionyses . Then he brings up the chronology of Christianity 's origins and presents an ' ok ' case , but not one that blew me away.<br /><br />If the director had stuck with the facts and continued on with them , this film would have been good . However , at this point in the film , it disintegrates into a group of personally - gratifying attacks on Mel Gibson 's " Passion of the Christ " and a Christian private school which the director attended in his youth . During an interview with his old principal , ( which during the course of , it comes to light that the director set up under false pretenses ) I felt that the director was acting sort of childish . He was asking good questions but , like the film itself , the interview crumbled into an attack on this particular private school 's rules , not Christianity.<br /><br />All in all , if you 're just interested in some info , watch the first 30 minutes or so and then shut it off .
0 I 'm an incorrigible skeptic and agnostic and was thus expecting to enjoy this film . After watching it , however , I honestly believe that I could have made a better documentary myself . Its arguments appear to have only four spurious sources ( despite his being listed in the credits on IMDb I did n't see Richard Dawkins anywhere ) , it 's edited together crudely with laughably amateurish computer effects , and it does n't make even the slightest attempt to appear impartial . The narration is pervaded throughout with a sneering , almost adolescent anti - Christian sentiment , ruining any possibility that the film might actually change someone 's mind as opposed to just preaching to the choir ( i.e. me ) . Though there is some interesting discussion of the historicity of Jesus , the movie hits an unbearable snag when it begins to dwell heavily on the Christian school which the director attended as a child , an institution which apparently scarred him badly psychologically as it obsesses him to this day.<br /><br />Though TGWWT obviously had a low budget , there was still an opportunity here to make an intelligent commentary on the highly questionable roots of Christianity . There 's certainly a dearth of skeptically - minded religious documentaries on the market , and this film could have helped fill the void . Instead , the director chose to insult our intelligence with this piece of garbage , which in the end appears to be some sort of therapeutic exercise for him . It 's too bad that his Christian upbringing traumatized him , but he need n't subject an audience to his coping mechanism .
0 Really no reason to examine this much further because of a few very glaring and bias misleading statements.<br /><br />A perfect example is when the filmmaker claims " Saul " or Paul of Tarus ( the writer of The Book of Hebrews He asserts ) has no idea Jesus is or was a human being , this assertion is either purposely false as he accuses others of presenting , or he is ignorant of what " The Bible " says.<br /><br />first we can examine his misleading claim about Hebrews 8.4 ; which he shows a quote " If Jesus was on earth , he would not be a priest " , hence right here He sets up the ignorant and unlearned viewer to accept his false premise .. why ? He does what most so called Bible believing people he accuses of doing , the same .. That is TAKING things out of context.<br /><br />verse one of Hebrews 8 is ; 1 .. "Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum : We have such an high priest , who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens " The context above is CLEARLY speaking of a Jesus who was on earth and ASCENDED into heaven after his alleged resurrection.<br /><br />It has nothing to do with how the filmmaker wants the viewer to take his out of context scripture . Here he offers a foundation , that " Paul was not aware of a HUMAN Jesus , but only one in " heaven" < br /><br />follow?<br /><br />lets see if the filmmaker is being honest ; Hebrews 7 ; 14 . " For it is evident that our Lord sprang out of Judah ; of which tribe Moses spake nothing concerning priesthood." < br /><br />heh , did n't the filmmaker just quote from the writer of Hebrews trying to show the writer of that book has no knowledge of a " Human Jesus " ? it 's likely anyways Paul did n't write Hebrews , but I will not go into that here , but The film maker asserts Paul did , and that is the premise of the point given here.<br /><br />It is not like this film maker does not make decent points in certain areas , he does , but he is engaging in the same blind bias of the religion he is bashing on . Once he engages in these tactics , in my strong opinion , he loses credibility as the religion he picks out , and the film is no longer a documentary , but a personal opinion , and a bias of the film maker , nothing more , nothing less .
0 Let me start by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film , that there probably was no historical Jesus and Christianity is a sham . With that said , this movie does a pretty poor job of proving that thesis . It makes good arguments -- the gap between Jesus ' theoretical life and the writing of the Gospels , filled only by the writings of Paul , who does n't indicate a historical Jesus -- and then utterly fails to convincingly argue them . It makes broad statements without presenting the evidence the statements are based on , and it resolutely ignores counter - arguments presented by Christian apologists . The intellectual dishonesty , emotional manipulation , and lack of serious argument are obvious , and stunning . The only Christians we hear from in the film are the head of the filmmaker 's old school -- who comes off like a reasonable , rational person attempting to deal with a twit with a chip on his shoulder -- and various Christians encountered apparently at random in a parking lot . I 'm sorry , but revealing that average Christians do n't know much about their religion is n't exactly damning evidence of Christianity 's fraudulence . You may as well claim that Jay Leno has disproved the existence of Michael Dukakis on his Jay - Walking segment . The interviews with experts can be interesting , but the film is filled with too much of , let 's be honest , the filmmaker just being snarky . Within the first five minutes the film has already conflated Jerry Falwell with Charles Manson and the writers of the Left Behind series with the Branch Davidians . And by the end , the film becomes so self - centered that there 's no rational argument left , just an angry former Christian lashing out at the people and places he blames for his messed up childhood . Y'know , maybe that movie could 've been interesting , but it 's misplaced in a documentary about the historicity of Jesus , and it 's so self - congratulatory as to deflate any sympathy . This is a Michael Moore film without the humor or the film - making acumen combined with a Richard Dawkins book without the wit or the intellectual rigor . Skip it .
0 I 'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti - Christian pseudo - documentary got . Now , I respect the guy 's opinion and faith , I myself am not , at this state , believer of the taught Christian doctrine . However , anti - Christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue.<br /><br />This film has valid points , but they are very few and represented in a very biased context . I 'm not recommending against seeing it . In fact , I think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not . And this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to Christian teachings . Rather than an inquiring approach on the subject , it looks like a personal vendetta on the Christian school that affected his childhood . It also misrepresents the Christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists , no moderation in between.<br /><br />The director uses movie scenes from Passion of Christ without permission , sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti - Christian historians and writers . I actually found the headmaster to be the most down - to - earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified . I also strongly doubt that any of the Christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry.<br /><br />With this being said , there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of Christianity . But the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive , highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased .
0 This documentary film is based on incomplete considerations of the evidence , in which Brian Flemming , perhaps purposely , fails to mention important evidence to the contrary . Perhaps his most crucial mistake is one of the earliest : His claims concerning the invalidity of Paul 's testimony about Jesus Christ disregard key facts , like : * * The existence of some formulated creeds within Paul 's letters . These creeds suggest that most of the central claims about Jesus were already formulated into statements of faith possibly within a few years of Christ 's death and resurrection . * * The testimonies of the early Christians ca n't just be tossed out as mere fantasy . There were indeed many people claiming to be the Messiah during that period , but only ONE of them has remained : Jesus . Why ? Because it would have been preposterous for anyone to have actually believed Christ was the messiah , and go on to die for those beliefs , if they knew that he had not been resurrected . * * Even if the Gospels are dated more liberally , we are still talking about accounts of Jesus written within the lifetimes of other eyewitnesses that would have pointed out inaccuracies in these Gospels . And there is evidence that the Gospels were written much earlier . < br /><br />What I am saying is that Flemming 's documentary is an incredibly biased and self - serving piece of work that hodge podges different arguments and evidence to serve his anti - Christian view . Do n't be fooled by poor investigation .
0 This will be brief . Let me first state that I 'm agnostic and not exactly crazy about xtians , especially xtian fanatics . However , this documentary had a tone of the like of some teenager angry at his xtian mother for not letting him play video games . I just could n't take it seriously . Mentioning how CharlesManson thought he was Christ to illustrate the point that xtianity can breed evil ? i do n't know it was just cheap and childish -- made the opposition look ignorant . Furthermore , the narrator just seemed snobby and pretentious . The delivery was complete overkill . I ca n't take this documentary seriously . Might appeal to an angry teenager piss3d off at his xtian mother for not letting him play video games .
0 I watched DVD 1 only . The program proper may have 10 minutes of good information ; otherwise it 's snotty putdowns of religious people . It 's as if director Brian Flemming only recently discovered both atheism and sarcasm , and feels with these tools he can easily bludgeon his opposition.<br /><br />Also , Flemming wanders extensively into his own personal issues , and they take over the movie . It never gets back on topic.<br /><br />Religious people are prone to discount skeptics when their objections to religion are obviously rooted in abusive upbringings . Arguments from such victimized people seem irrational , and therefore unconvincing.<br /><br />Anti - religious people will want more data . We do n't need to be told that religious people are nutty , any more than American Jews need to be told how annoying Christmas music gets by mid - December.<br /><br />In the best scene , the Superintendent of Fleming 's childhood Christian school rather insightfully confronts the director on his motivations . That seems like the most honest part of the movie , and it was too short.<br /><br />If Fleming were a bit more self - aware , he might have a good story in him about his own ( past & current ) relationship to Christianity , and the abusive institutions that indoctrinated him in his youth.<br /><br />And perhaps he could lend his " Christ never walked the earth " material to a more serious documentarian . I 'm not studying the writings of Saul / Paul to find out how air - tight this all is , but a quick browse of Wikipedia suggests most of these arguments are discredited.<br /><br />The bonus interviews are pretty good , tho they do n't bolster Fleming 's thesis much . Sam Harris is a good spokesperson for the anti - religious POV , and he does n't go light on those other , non - Christian religions . Harris also has some good ( and easily Google'd ) interviews on Salon.com , Amazon.com , and Samharris.org .
0 One of the most popular rentals at my local video store is not Borat or The Departed but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called The God Who Was n't There by director Brian Flemming , an ex - Christian Fundamentalist . Flemming , in his 62-minute documentary , asserts that Jesus was not a historical figure but a legend based solely on Pagan traditions . Using interviews with authors , philosophers , and historians to debunk the long - held Christian belief that Jesus , the son of God , lived among men , was crucified , and was resurrected , Flemming compares the Christ story with those of cult figures Isis and Osiris in Egypt , Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology , and Roman mystery cults such as Mithraism and finds many surprising similarities.<br /><br />In addition to his evidence about Pagan cults , he also states that the earliest sources for the Christ story , the four gospels , were written forty or fifty years after the date given for Jesus ' crucifixion and that the letters of St. Paul show little evidence of Jesus being a flesh and blood figure . Flemming , unfortunately however , is not out to conduct a solid investigation of the truth about Jesus ' life but to use the subject only as a point of departure for a full throttle attack on Christianity and all religion . Most of the interviews are with those philosophically aligned with the director including avowed atheists such as Biologist Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price . The only Christians interviewed are those on the fringe such as Scott Butcher , the creator of the website Rapture Letters.com , and Ronald Sipus , principal of the fundamentalist Village Christian School , which Flemming attended as a boy.<br /><br />Like Michael Moore 's interview of Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine , his interview with Sipus is so contentious that Sipus walks out in the middle . In a sarcastic tone , Flemming tells us how wrong Christianity was wrong about the sun revolving around the earth , then points to atrocities committed in the name of Christianity such as those by cult leader Charles Manson who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser , who cut her baby 's arm off for God . He also lifts a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins that says that Christians " look forward to the day when all non - Christians are thrown into a lake of fire , howling and screeching . " To further turn us against Christianity , Flemming shows us extended clips from Mel Gibson 's The Passion of the Christ , detailing in minute detail each scene of violence and torture . What could have been a serious discussion on a very interesting subject eventually becomes a childish rant and a polemic against all religion . In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit unspeakable acts , he ignores such people as socialist Muriel Lester , a famous Christian pacifist , Rigoberta Menchú Tum , a Mayan Indian of Guatemala who helped found the Revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel peace prize in recognition of her work for social justice , and Mother Teresa , whose work was about respect for each individual 's worth and dignity.<br /><br />His most telling argument is his comparison of Christian doctrine with the Pagan cults and he makes some good points , yet Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines , there are no texts or source materials for these cults before 300AD , long after the New Testament . Also it is important to note one major difference . The immediate goal of the initiates was a mystical experience that led them to feel they had achieved union with their god . This is anathema to Christianity which believes that a Church hierarchy including priests and bishops all the way up to the Pope are required to interpret God 's will to mankind.<br /><br />Although I am not a Christian and have some doubts about whether or not Jesus Christ was in fact a historical figure , the truth is that , in the long scheme of things , it may not matter . What matters is that a message was introduced to mankind and spread around the world that contributed to mankind 's spiritual evolution . Regardless of the distortions and crimes later committed in its name and there were many , Christianity as conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love , and a moral and ethical code that furthered respect for our fellow man.<br /><br />While I applaud the fact that the film was made and that a taboo topic was discussed , what is sorely needed is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a field of combat but to see it as a common thread that can bring the world 's people together . While there is room for debate and discussion on religious subjects , in the words of Annie Besant , " spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect . The God Who Was n't There is recommended only for those whose idea of a good time is to trash the religion of others .
0 In my opinion this movie advances no new thought . seems to me like taking a spear to a spear without looking to the side ! the director seems to have an agenda ! Duh ! I find that his rational is lacking there does not seem to be room for the alternative view . I for one am usually on the side of the naysayer but this movie lacks credibility as it relies on the fantastic observations of the man / woman on the street . really now if you wish to cr5eate a credible alternative to a creed held onto for 2000 + years you have got to make more of an effort allowing the other side to voice their beliefs . I 'm not sure but at the beginning of the movie it felt like an attack on the Cristian faith , I for one am a non believer , but allow for the beliefs of others , and would not wish no ridicule them but try to understand and tolerate .
0 As a spiritualist and non Christian . I thought i really was going to be holding onto my faith , but what a load of i seers . I thought the film would have great arguments , but only got one sided views from Atheists and Jews ? ? ? And who are all these street people he 's interviewing who do n't know the back of their arm from their head . Where are the proper theologians and priests and stuff he could have got arguments from . Not retired nuts who wrote books and finished their studies in 1970 . Personally this DVD was a waste of time and not worth my time to check if the facts are right or wrong or if i should or should not believe because an anti - Christ told me so . Please to think he came up with the conclusion of not finding God because his own ego and demons got the better of him . No i m not going to say the movie was stunning to help atheists reading this feel better about themselves . But if you really want to show the world you care about us poor souls who believe in Jesus then entice us with your worth , not your beating off the drums .
0 I personally found this movie to be terrible , first it was hardly objective , and provided one side of the debate . The only people who were presented as the side saying he did exist being a bunch of people coming from a Billy Grahm Revival . Secondly it deviated heavily from its supposed topic did Jesus ( Yeshua ) exist , to talking about how violent Christianity is , and showing scenes from Mel Gibsons " The Passion " . In the end it has the director con his former Principal of a Conservative Private School into being interviewed , and attempts to trap him about teaching the kids there faith . Oh and also the Techno Music just made the film harder to watch .
0 This documentary begins with an interesting premise -- it makes an intriguing and convincing argument that the history of Jesus as is commonly believed is probably a myth . Sadly , though , after priming us with this , the movie completely shifts gears and becomes little more than a non - stop attack on Christianity , and pretty much focusing on the easy targets.<br /><br />The writer / director clearly has some issues with the Church ( he is a former evangelical Christian and has some legit anger ) and this film seems to be his form of release . It 'd be interesting to see the first 20 minutes expanded , but as a whole , the movie is disappointing .
0 First let me state that I do not believe in god ( if you want to use the word atheist , fine , but I do n't like that word since it describes what I 'm not , not what I am ) but I hated this " documentary . " The production values were damn near non existent , the premise extremely shaky and whole thing seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemming 's insecurities.<br /><br />The production values were terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly an amateurish director at best . The narration sounded like he just narrated over the film all in one shot , and he did n't practice at all . There were way to many umms and pauses when he should have been talking in the movie . animation was also pretty damn bad.<br /><br />The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars . As I stated before , I do not believe in God , and I do n't think that whether or not Jesus was a real man says nothing about the existence of God . My personal view , Jesus probably was a real man but he lived in a time where there were many massiah 's ( look up apollonius of tiana ) and that the stories of his life and preaching were blown out of proportion the farther you got from his death . According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus ( and there 's a good citation for this so it 's garbage ) " virtually all scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was regarded as a healer , was baptized by John the Baptist , was accused of sedition against the Roman Empire , and on the orders of Roman Governor Pontius Pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion.[1 ] " I was left wondering at the end of the documentary if this was more about the director 's insecurities than anything else . I was left wondering if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else . The most telling example of this is the final interview he was with the religious school principal . He 's not even coy about it . The way he bombards the teacher is unfair and while I agree with the director partially , that teaching kids about hell fire is a bad thing , the way that Flemming confronted the principal was just awkward to watch . Flemming had a chance to perhaps get a good discussion going , if he was more tactile with his interview . Instead he comes off aggressive with " is n't it bad to teach kids this stuff . " The guy cuts the interview short and I mean , what did he expect , the principal to say " oh yes , I see it is , I have seen the light , this will now be a secular school ? " It seems that Flemming is getting revenge for what he feels was a wrong done to him in childhood . This is n't about the documentary , this is about Flemming 's insecurities , and has nothing to do with the supposed topic of the documentary . Flemming shows what he 's really doing here , and that is the real downfall of this so - called documentary .
0 I was curious to watch this movie . A lot of people seem to be excited . I also have my beliefs . I believe in Jesus Christ but I 'm opened for any kind of views or opinions . It does n't matter for me , if Jesus existed in the way it 's written in the bible . If Maria was a virgin or not , or all the other similar pagan coincidences . What matters for me is the idea of salvation , the idea of love as the only way to find peace in this world.<br /><br />What made me angry is when somebody takes a sentence , present it as a fact but without showing the context it was written . For example , they showed in this movie following sentence big : " Those enemies of mine who did not want me to be king over them - bring them here and kill them in front of me " Jesus ( Lukas 19:27 ) What they did n't tell you is the context . Jesus told a story about an evil king . There is no passage in the bible where Jesus supports killing . He is love ! After quoting the bible wrong they present us yelling people ( pseudo - christians ) filled with hate . The majority of viewers do n't check the informations presented so they start thinking Jesus = hate = not good for me or for anybody else . This is pure manipulation people . Please use your brain . Do n't take everything as a fact they tell you in this movie . We destroy our own basis , our civilization if we start dismantling Jesus in this way and the message he brought to us . You saw off the branch you 're sitting on .
0 I sat through this movie expecting a thought - provoking , fact - based film . But instead was given some of the least thought out arguments against the Christian faith imaginable . For instance , in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent , the narrator constantly quotes the bible without giving context , and thus altering the meaning of the text . Jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him , when in fact , the quote is from a parable Jesus told , involving a king who is then quoted . Thus the narrator makes it appear as if Jesus says one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of his characters says it . This is dishonesty in a very obvious form . Is this really what Atheism has to offer the world ? This film also attempts to use the success of the Passion of the Christ over Jesus Christ : Superstar and The Last Temptation of the Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty . He makes no mention of the fact that the Passion was the most historically accurate Bible - film to date . He makes no mention of the fact that it was actually the best liked by critics of the bunch . He then edits in a series of violent images from the Passion as if to hammer home his point . Ironically , he makes no mention of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment , versus dramatic effect.<br /><br />One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject matter than he did . All the Christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the parking lot of Billy Graham 's New York Crusade . Atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars . He asked the Christians how the Christian movement started , and of course , they said it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost . Which is correct ( Acts 2 ) . He then gives the commentary , " is n't it funny how so few Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith ? " and proceeds to explain that the apostle Paul started Christianity after being stopped on the road to Damascus . The poor chap seems convinced that Acts 9 happens before Acts 2 . More deception ? Or is this simply ignorance ? He also throws around nonsense that Paul did n't believe Jesus was a real person . Are you kidding me ? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus death and resurrection being witnessed by people ( whom Paul names in the passage ) for the Corinthians to question if they are in doubt!<br /><br />There are many many other examples of how full of crap this ' documentary ' is . But because I do n't have time or patience to go into them all , I 'll skip straight to the end . It 's obvious throughout the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church . And the climax interview is HIS CHILDHOOD PRINCIPLE ! In a last - ditch attempt to disprove the Christian faith , the narrator tries to make a fool out of someone who gave him a detention as a child . Is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the Atheist community ? Surely there are intelligent Atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is n't a load of made - up crap passed off as ' facts ' .
0 I believe Shakespeare explained what I just read beautifully . Me thinks he ( the lady ) doth protest too much . The whole thing sounded to me as if the author was trying to convince himself ! He sites profane literature ( writings from the same time period but not connected with the bible ) a number of times however I can think of at least three references off the top of my head which lend historical accuracy to events contained in the bible . Anyone can skew data & prove anything they like but it does n't make it true . Customs change , word definitions change over time ( look at English & German where it is very obviously a common root ) nothing stays the same , it 's always growing and changing . The bible has many different translations but the King James version is the one I 've found to be the best when it comes to any kind of research . In the King James version you will notice there are certain words written in italics . These words have been added by the translators and can be dropped & the mean of the entire verse changes . Writings from around the time of Christ were written without spaces , without punctuation , without paragraphs & without numeric verses . These writings look like one long word & the translators added all of the above . For example how would you read this : GODISNOWHERE do you read it as God is nowhere or do you read it as God is now here ? Same string of letters two entirely different meanings . This is why many biblical researchers use a ' Lexicon ' to assist them in translation as it provides a word for word translation from the original Arabic , Greek or Hebrew depending on the language in which the scripture was originally written . It 's also interesting to note that when translated into symbolic logic you can prove God exists but you can not prove He does n't exist ! In the end I just love listening to people who think they are so smart that they are qualified to judge the almighty . Talk about ego ! Putting soapbox away , God Bless Maegi
0 I was VERY disappointed with this film . I expected more of a Thelma and Louise female - buddy crime movie . Instead , the women prison escapees in this flick , had no sense of loyalty to one another . They were an extremely vulgar pack of hyenas , who beat each other up , double - crossed each other , and even committed lesbian rape against other women in the film.<br /><br />Instead of being shrewed thieves , who stuck together to plan their escape and find the hidden stash of money , the women escapees were too selfish and vicious , to trust each other for long . These women were n't liberated in a positive sense . They just ended up being a bunch of loose - cannons , incapable of respect for themselves , or each other . If you like 70s female crime caper films , skip this bomb , and see The Great Texas Dynamite Chase , which stars Claudia Jennings and Jocelyn Jones .
0 I 've heard about this movie for many years , and finally got a chance to see it . A massive murdering of cheerleaders back in 1963 and 1969 eventually cause a cheerleading camp to close up . Fast forward to 1982 , and Bambi , a former student , opens it back up with new recruits , among them Candy ( Carol Kane ) , Glenn ( Judge Reinhold ) , and Sandy ( Debralee Scott ) . One by one , they are murdered by the killer , until only one remains . It is then when we find out who did it and why.<br /><br />Also in the movie are Tom Smothers doing a terrible accent as a Canadian Mountie , and Paul Reubens doing his Pee - Wee Herman schtick . The plot overall is n't very well developed , and quite lame , but some funny scenes do occur , namely the House of Bad Pies and the strip poker scene . The ending seems like it 's thrown together , which is a shame.<br /><br />Overall , good for about ten or fifteen minutes total , the rest you can just fast forward through . Maybe catch it on TV , but it 's not worth buying .
0 This Is Pretty Funny . " Saturday The 12th " , a ? ... Great Work ... I Laughed Every Minute of the movie ... This Is Like " Scary Movie " for the 1980 's . great STUDENT BODIES - styled gags ... <br /><br />Too Bad This Is n't On Video ... But You Can Still Watch It on FLIX ...
0 " Pandemonium " is a horror movie spoof that comes off more stupid than funny . Believe me when I tell you , I love comedies . Especially comedy spoofs . " Airplane " , " The Naked Gun " trilogy , " Blazing Saddles " , " High Anxiety " , and " Spaceballs " are some of my favorite comedies that spoof a particular genre . " Pandemonium " is not up there with those films . Most of the scenes in this movie had me sitting there in stunned silence because the movie was n't all that funny . There are a few laughs in the film , but when you watch a comedy , you expect to laugh a lot more than a few times and that 's all this film has going for it . Geez , " Scream " had more laughs than this film and that was more of a horror film . How bizarre is that?<br /><br />*1/2 ( out of four )
0 I only watched this because it was directed by Lucio Fulci and featured Claudio Cassinelli , an actor I like . I was certainly disappointed.<br /><br />The idea that condemned prisoners would fight to the death for TV ratings has been overdone with Rollerball , Logan 's Run , Blade Runner , and the new film , Death Race , which will certainly suck me in because it stars Jason Statham.<br /><br />This was just a bore for the most part . The " Kill Bike " action was ridiculous . The " training " was a snooze - fest . It just never grabbed me and made me want to care about anyone , including " Dallas " star Jared Martin or Fred Williamson.<br /><br />Pick one of the others mentioned and you 'll be better off .
0 fulci experiments with sci fi and fails . usually in his non horror films we still get sum great gore , but not here . Sum very funny scenes like when the prisinors are forced to hold onto a bar for 12 minutes and if they drop they are electecuted . the guy falls and and has some kind of fit on the floor for about two minutes until his friends who were struggling to hold on anyway lift him off the floor . The city is an obvious model but not a bad one . and the end explosion is at best laughable . And do nt get me started on the terrible battle scenes.<br /><br />4/10
0 Watching Floored by Love one thought comes almost immediately to mind , " My god this looks like a really bad sitcom . " Sure enough , it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that may start this fall in Canada , poor poor Canada.<br /><br />Cara ( Shirley Ng ) and Janet ( Natalie Sky ) are a lesbian couple living in Vancouver . Janet has come out to her mother already but Cara 's parents are still in the dark about their daughter 's homosexuality . The pressure is on to out herself though when the parents come from Malaysia for her younger brother 's wedding . That same week British Columbia legalizes gay marriage . With Janet wanting to we d , Cara has to decide whether or not to tell her conservative Chinese parents that 's she 's gay . Will she ? Would she ? Could she ? Cara 's situation is contrasted with that of Jesse ( Trent Millar ) . Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen . His biological father Daniel ( Andrew McIlroy ) is coming for a visit soon . His stepfather Norman ( Michael Robinson ) fears that his chances of finally being fully accepted by Jesse are harmed by the fact that Daniel is gay and he is not . Will dialing 1 - 800-Makeover help?<br /><br />The dialogue and delivery come straight out of a lesser 1950 's program along with the overdone physical emoting . The Full House - style melodrama is enough to make you wince from time to time and the attempts at comedy largely fail . McIlroy , Millar & Sky are the only performers that approach competency in this miscalculation but given the material they have to work with , it 's no surprise that none impress . It 's possible that the campiness was purposeful . It often seems like there is no way the performers are really that bad , that they must be trying to mimic the inferior sitcoms of days yore . If this is indeed the case than this review should probably be rewritten . The rewrite would focus on Floored by Love being a poor and ineffective send - up of old sitcoms.<br /><br />Writer / director Desiree Lim has put together a by - the - numbers bland - fest that 's entirely forgettable . There was a time when merely having an openly homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen . That time is gone . In this day we need quality as well .
0 Saw it at the Philadelphia Gay and Lesbian Film Fest.<br /><br />What can I say ? Against my better judgment , I liked it , but it seemed to me that that acting was a little ... weak ( mostly I noticed this from the family of the teen boy ) . I mean , the script was n't stellar to begin with , but the actors did n't make me believe the relationships.<br /><br />The plot is also predictable.<br /><br />Nonethelss , I liked it . The characters are likable , and the plot is not challenging or upsetting . It 's sweet , the characters care about each other , and I do n't count it as fifty minutes ill - spent . < br /><br />But I do n't recommend it .
0 I will say that at least the movie makes sense , but it 's bad . The acting for the most part is not good ( I think only Sky showed any promise ) and you feel awkward watching it . All of the scenes that should be meaningful are really shallow , like when Ng comes out to her parents . There are a lot of corny details , like the kanji tattoo on the Sky 's shoulder , the magnets on the girls ' refrigerator and the god awful decor at the sets ... and the music ... and clothes .. and everything . Real life has never been like this movie . The boy says at one point " I 'm gay , not corny . " And not aware . Even the commentary is awful , I turned it off after Ng talks about how she was weirded out playing a lesbian .
0 A group of models is seeking an apartment to live in , and are shown one by a local real estate agent . Unknown to the models and the agent , however , is that " hell 's threshold " is in the apartment and when crossed , the demon " Dethman " is summoned to kill all those in his path . The story is told by Sam Bishop , a journalist who was accused of the murders.<br /><br />Although I am a champion of low budget , microbudget , and independent films , I can not praise this movie . The creators take pride in their 24-hour shooting schedule and at least one actor boasts on the DVD of his acting prowess , but I can not wrap my head around this . Why make a film in 24 hours if an extra one or two hours of editing would make all the difference ? And why pride yourself on acting that is poor , nonsensical and results in the bad delivery of a handful of lines?<br /><br />Through much of the film , the models are being shown parts of an apartment by a real estate agent . The dialog is clearly ad - libbed because no scriptwriter could come up with such empty diction . The agent , also , clearly knows nothing about housing ... she focuses on aspects of a home that no one could care about , incorrectly explains the heat source ( did n't she see the radiator ? ) and says the vermin problem will be solved when they call " the terminator " . Please , write a script -- some deviation is fine , but this was a mess.<br /><br />And why were the girls moving in models ? Their careers had no point in the plot , and this seems like a forced situation . At one point , an actress breaks character and says something to the effect of " dude , they 're going to be ( upset ) " which sounded more natural than any other line , though out of place because of the other bad dialog.<br /><br />The demon made no sense . I appreciated the attempt to explain how " hell 's threshold " jumps to random places on Earth ( including apartment fireplaces ) , but why not explain where the demon came from ? His background involves a man whose love is killed by another man . How does this make you a demon ? ( Also , why did we need all these Victorian flashbacks with no dialog and glances across a field ? It was overdone.)<br /><br />The dramatic pauses between lines was awful . The Sam Bishop character was by far the worst , with the interviewer not far behind . Does every question require a pause , a funny face and a response ... followed by a pause , a funny face and a response ? I was so frustrated . To me , the only point was to drag the time out ... but I 'd rather have thirty minutes of good delivery than an hour of horrible delivery ( and then more time is wasted by rolling through the same credits twice).<br /><br />Who was the Sam Bishop character , anyway ? Allegedly he " saw " all this and was accused of killing the girls , but yet at no point was he ever in the part of the tale with the girls . So how did he see them ? And if he did n't , how did he know Dethman killed them ? And if he did n't see Dethman , how does he know Dethman is the spirit of Apostoles ? I was so lost ... was there even an outline for a plot when this was written ? < br /><br />The only part I found enjoyable in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom . Not that it was really important or anything , but it was the only break from boredom I was given . I wonder what director Felix Diaz was thinking . His music is very good ( see the DVD behind the scenes for his impromptu playing ) , but I wonder about his movie making skills . Although , by far the best part of the DVD was the trailer for his " Superhero Excelsior " ( the trailer alone was better than this entire waste of time).<br /><br />I am sorry I have to be so harsh . I 'd like to think that this movie was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or maybe just an experiment for fun and the idea was never to make a quality film . But if " Superhero Excelsior " is any indication , Diaz can make quality ... so why did he choose to avoid that here ? Perhaps the world will never know .
0 Wow ... OK . So , after reading the little feud on here , I decided I had to see this movie for myself . This movie is HORRIBLE . I stopped watching it . I strongly recommend cleaning a closet instead of watching this movie , you 'll be more spooked / entertained.<br /><br />It 's low budget with bad acting.<br /><br />Whoever is giving this movie 10s is completely incorrect and should be disregarded.<br /><br />I am in no way connected to any of the other reviewers.<br /><br />Simply put , this movie is not worth watching.<br /><br />Very , very BAD MOVIE .
0 That 's the question you have to ask yourself when you watch this movie " What was the point ? " This movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with completely unlikable people ( not going to use the word actors ) and a script that you could tell did n't exist.<br /><br />One of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie was how it said " Victorian story written by " which means that there was actually a script to that part of the story . The entire victorian section had no dialogue , and was just comprised of shots of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa . Making that part of the movie as scripted as a camera left on at a train station.<br /><br />OK , time for the story . It starts out with a guy sitting in a chair never once getting out of it . Oh blocking , who needs you ? These newspeople come to his house and practically beg him to tell this story about these dead girls . So he starts off the story in Victorian times . and here 's how the scene goes ( Guy and girl are in a field . pretty music starts to play ) ( guy stares at girl ) ( girl stares at guy ) ( guy stares at girl ) cut back to movie . That 's pretty much all that happens for about half the movie.<br /><br />The rest of the film is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wanting to buy an apartment . So this real estate agent shows them one and when i say the dialogue is awkward i mean , if it were a dancer it would trip during the MACARENA . None of the characters in this movie are likable . The models are incredibly irritating , the victorian people do n't talk , and the guy telling the story has the personality of a sack of onions . So eventually all the girls get killed off . and by killed off , i mean drug offscreen . ooh . you showed ONE death ? and by death i mean holding her face till they put the blood makeup on ? awesome.<br /><br />HOW this guy even knows this story baffles me . He says it 's because he saw it . but how ? there was no guy in that apartment ! the door was locked shut with no way out , the windows were attached to a fire escape that was too rotten to work , how the HELL did he see all that ? Oh plot holes . we DO love you . So the movie finishes up with the newswoman saying " i think you made it up . you 're wasting our time " despite the fact that she begged him for the interview in the first place . Whatever . This movie was stupid , pointless , and made no sense with a lot of plot holes . I could go on and on about this movie , but i do n't see the need . i 'd much rather spend my time doing something uselful . Like widdle something . " Hell 's Threshold " more belongs in purgatory with 2 dumb models . out of 10 .
0 I love Dracula but this movie was a complete disappointment ! I remember Lee from other Dracula films from when i was younger , and i thought he was great , but this movie was really bad . I do n't know if it was my youth that fooled me into believing Lee was the ultimate Dracula , with style , looks , attraction and the evil underneath that . Or maybe it was just this film that disappointed me . < br /><br />But can you imagine Dracula with an snobbish English accent and the body language to go along with it ? Do you like when a plot contains unrealistic choices by the characters and is boring and lacks any kind of tension .. ? Then this is a movie for you ! < br /><br />Otherwise - do n't see it ! I only gave it a 2 because somehow i managed to stay awake during the whole movie.<br /><br />Sorry but if you liked this movie then you must have been sleep deprived and home alone in a dark room with lots of unwatched space behind you . Maybe alone in your parents house or in a strangers home . Cause not even the characters in this flick seemed afraid , and i think that sums up the whole thing!<br /><br />Or maybe you like this film because of it 's place in Dracula cinema history , perhaps being fascinated by how the Dracula story has evolved from Nosferatu to what it is today . Cause as movie it is n't that appealing , it does n't pull you in to the suggestive mystery that for me make the Vampyre myth so fascinating . < br /><br />And furthermore it has so much of that tacky 70ies feel about it . The scenery looks like cheap Theatre . And i do n't say that rejecting everything made in the 70ies . Cause i can love old film as well as new .
0 It is hard to describe this film and one wants to tried hard not to dismiss it too quickly because you have a feeling that this might just be the perfect film for some 12 years old girl ... <br /><br />This film has a nice concept - the modern version of Sleeping Beauty with a twist . It has some rather dreamy shots and some nice sketches of the young boy relationship with his single working mother and his schoolmate ... a nice start you might say , but then it got a bit greedy , very greedy , it tries to be a science fiction , a drama , a thriller , a possible romantic love story , fairy tale , a comedy and everything under the sun . The result just left the audience feeling rather inadequate . For example , the scene when the girl(played by Risa Goto ) finally woken by his(Yuki Kohara ) kiss , instead of being romantic , it try 's to be scary in order to make us laugh afterwards ... it is a cheap trick , because it ruin all the anticipation and emotion which it was trying to build for the better half of the film.<br /><br />I have not read the original story the film is base on ( it is the well - known work by the comic - book artist Osamu Tezuka is famous with his intriguing and intricate stories ) I wonder if all the problems exsist in the original story or did it occur in the adaption ? It is rather illogical even for someone who is used to the " fussy logic " of those japanese comic - book . For instance , how did Yuki Kohara 's character manage to get to the hospital in an instant(when its suppose to be a long bus - ride away)to run away Risa Goto 's character in front of the tv cameras right after he saw her live interview on the television?<br /><br />There are also some scenes that is directly copied(very uncreative ! ) from other films and they all seem rather pointlessly annoying ie . the famous " the Lion mouth has caugh my hand " scene from " the " Roman Holiday" < br /><br />The film tries to be everything but ends up being nothing ... it fails to be a fairy tale and it did not have enough jokes to be a comedy ... and strangely there are some scenes that even seem like an unintentional " ghost " movie . Nevertheless , one should give it credit that it has managed to caputured some of the sentiment of the japanese teenager.<br /><br />It is by watching this film I have a feeling that there might be some films that should have come with a warning label that said " this film might only be suitable for person under the 18 of age " , it would have definitly been on the poster of this film.<br /><br / >
0 The premise for Circle of Two is an intriguing one . A forbidden love between a sixty year old painter Ashleigh ( Richard Burton ) and a fifteen year old girl Sarah Norton ( Tatum O'Neill ) ; and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable given society 's standards . The problem with Circle of Two , however , is that it fails to live up to its promise . Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should have put more thought into the screenplay . When I watched this film , I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality . Instead , I got boring dialogue , a pointless lecture on art , outings where Sarah seemed to have more fun away from Ashleigh , and a closing scene so artificial that its emotional impact was lost . This script makes good actors look bad . So one can imagine how the film 's problems were compounded even further with the largely amateurish cast that Jules Dassin assembled . Tatum O'Neill was not in her element . I did not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh . Her performance seemed superficial , like a contestant at a beauty pageant . It was as though she forced herself to be happy , when the script required her to be happy , and to be sad , when the script asked her to be sad . The only scene I liked with her in was at the very end when she said nothing at all . That was probably the closest Tatum 's Sarah Norton ever came to being real . But Tatum was not the only one at fault . Richard Burton 's Ashleigh lacked the charm , the charisma and the complexity to attract even women of his own age , let alone a fifteen year old . The rest of the cast was also dismal . Even their arguing was unconvincing , because they waited to take turns . Who does that ? Michael Wincott as the jealous ex - boyfriend Paul was probably the best thing in this film , but his role was small . To be fair to the actors , Dassin 's direction let everyone down ; but it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script . Kubrick 's Lolita did that with James Mason and Sue Lyon ; Konchalovsky 's Runaway Train went beyond the script with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing convicts . The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them . In spite of its own score ( a combination of Antonio Vivaldi , Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer ) , Circle of Two never succeeds in doing that.<br /><br />In conclusion , the idea of a forbidden love story between an elder painter and a teenage girl is a good one , but its execution in Circle of Two is terrible . In many ways , it is a shame that a controversial , Lolita - type story  which most film directors for understandable reasons would prefer to avoid  did not have receive more intelligent treatment ; that a script which actors would have gladly rehearsed was not written ; that actors , who were committed to their part or had the talent to make their characters real , could not be found ; and that the director Jules Dassin ( who did so much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi ) did not have to will to put his foot down and say , " Before we do any filming , we must rethink the love story and revamp the script . " The only silver lining is that one day an intelligent film about an elder painter and a teenager girl falling in love may one day be made . If such a film ever appears , this it will be surely spark controversy , debate and questions for many years to come .
0 Horrible film . About an old crusty painter who hangs around with a young girl . Boring . Tatum O Neil goes through the motions in her part , and has some of the corniest lines in film history . Richard Burton looks close to death in this film , and we 're supposed to believe he looks " Good for sixty " . The acting is bad , as is the plot . The characters are awful , as is the story . It 's really hard to feel for anyone in this film , except Larry Ewashen who plays a guy in a porno theater who hits on Tatum , he 's kind of funny . This movie is really a waste of time . If you are a Tatum fan , like me - which is why I rented it in the first place - please do n't see this movie . She is really bad in it , and you 'll wonder if maybe PAPER MOON was a fluke . It was n't , because of BAD NEWS BEARS and LITTLE DARLINGS it 's known she can act well , but still , do n't rent this movie . And if you 're a fan of Burton , rent something when he was good looking , and not a fossil .
0 I was skimming over the list of films of Richard Burton when I came to this title that I recall vividly from when I first saw it on cable in 1982 . I remember dialogue from Tatum O'Neal that was just amazingly bad . I remember Richard Burton 's character looking so hopelessly lost , and then remembering how his motivations did n't translate to me . In short , I remember " Circle of Two " because it was so phenomenally awful.<br /><br />This movie came out at a time when America was going through a rather disturbing period of fascination with unhealthy or skewed angles on teenage sexuality . Recall " The Blue Lagoon " ( and other Brooke Shields annoyances ) , " Lipstick " , " Little Darlings " , " Beau Pere " and other films that just seemed to dwell on teens having sex , particularly with adults . As a teenager during this time , I found the obsession , combined with the sexual excesses of the 70 's and 80 's , made for a subconsciously unsettling environment in which to figure it all out , so to speak.<br /><br />"Circle of Two " is not execrably acted or needlessly prurient , like " Blue Lagoon " . In fact , it tackles the question of love between the young and the old in a brave , if totally failed , way . But honestly , it is one of those films you will * never * see if you did n't see it on its first run because it was so truly awful . No one would want to have this garbage ever surface to be publicly distributed again .
0 This is an attempt , by both author Edgar Rice Burroughs and filmmakers , at an Arabian " Tarzan of the Apes " . But , this desert - set film shows none of the majesty present in Burroughs ' more successful jungle adventure . The focus is on the love between handsome English noble Jon Hall ( as " El ' Lion " Chatham ) and exotic Arab beauty Kathleen Burke ( as " Princess " Eulilah ) , with revenge happening to coincide with their urge to merge . The opening states that , although guilty of conduct unbecoming , the lad 's mother is living - but , she never re - enters the picture . Unfortunately , " The Lion Man " has deteriorated , and is looks like it 's missing footage.<br /><br / > * * * The Lion Man ( 1936 ) John P. McCarthy ~ Jon Hall , Kathleen Burke , Ted Adams
0 In addition to his " Tarzan " series , the prolific Edgar Rice Burroughs did write many other books , although , aside from the popular " At the Earth 's Core " , few of these have been filmed . One exception is the novel entitled " The Lad and the Lion " , brought to the screen as " The Lion Man " ( 1936 ) , an over - talkative , static , old - hat , slow - moving and rather dull movie , despite being filmed on real desert locations . Actually " movie " is the wrong word . The narrative does n't move but proceeds at a snail 's pace in an abrupt series of jerks . For instance , at least five characters are given elaborate opening scenes and then just disappear . Even more frustrating for the keen movie fan , are the characters who make an impression of sorts ( like the lass who plies Hall with drugged wine ) but are enacted by players who are not credited ! The credited thespians generally come off worse than the unknowns . One exception is Australian actress Finis Barton who gives a good account of the kidnapped harem girl who rescues young Master Fairy . Admittedly , most of the cast are saddled with atrocious King James dialogue which has to be heard to be believed ! But the way to play this rubbish is tongue - in - cheek , a stratagem which does not seem to have occurred to a single one of the film 's roster of no - talent players . Maybe director J.P. McCarthy scotched that idea . Anyway , it 's sad to see the lovely Kathleen Burke forced to trade lines with the likes of Richard Carlyle ( her dad ) and Jon Hall ( her suitor ) . Admittedly , Mr Hall delivers his lines with marginally more conviction than Mr Carlyle , but that is no recommendation .
0 Man To Man tries hard to be a good movie : it has its heart at the right place , it aspires to be epic and it has a message that no doubt everybody will appreciate . But there lies also some of the problems of this picture . It strives so hard to be good and to get its message across that sometimes the viewer must feel unchallenged . So it is only adequate that the images which are used by this picture are simplistic - Man To Man does n't let the viewer decide what he thinks is right but is hammering its message in his head . Joseph Fiennes exemplifies this in his role : he does his best to look concerned , genuinely moved and all the other emotions you can express with the single one facial expression his repertoire has to offer . Add that the movie is overlong and loses its speed towards the end you would be easily led to the conclusion that Man To Man is not worth watching . But there are enough points to defend it : it is entertaining , has some humorous scenes and the show - stealing Kristin Scott Thomas . Of course you should not compare it to humanistic masterpieces like The Elephant Man ( David Lynch ) but you 'll be leaving the theatre satisfied . It tries to grab your heart ( even if your brain thinks that it is too obvious ) and succeeds most of the time .
0 The problem is the role of the characters in the film . Man to Man shows a British anthropologist kidnapping two pygmies and taking them to Scotland and then realising that they are not animals or subhumans but actually equal to himself . The problem is the role of the pygmies in the film - two people who are kidnapped , treated like animals , and yet given such a shallow , stereotypical role within the film ... The kidnapper ( british anthropologist ) ends up being the hero of the film because he ' manages ' to relate to the pygmies ... No notion of how the two hostages feel , of their point of view , of their ordeal ... I find it is a shallow film , with a one sided fundamentally racist view ... it never manages to move away from the ' white mans ' view
0 Do we really need any more narcissistic garbage on the Baby Boomer generation ? Technically , I am a Boomer , though at the time when all the " idealistic youths " of the ' 60s were reading Marx , burning their draft cards , and generally prolonging a war which destroyed tens of thousands of lives ; I was still in grade school . But I remember them well , and 9 out of 10 were just moronic fools , who would believe anything as long as it was destructive.<br /><br />This is just another excercise in self - importance from the kids who never really grew up .
0 Is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television ( or the media in general ) as the 1960s ? No . And do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time ? Not really . But if we must have one , does it have to be as shallow as " The ' 60s " ? < br /><br />I like to think that co - writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two - part miniseries than what ultimately resulted , especially given Couturie 's involvement in the superb HBO movie " Dear America : Letters Home From Vietnam " which utilized little original music and no original footage , letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves . This presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production , but it does n't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time ; like so many of its ilk , it 's seen from the point of view of one family . But the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the ' 60s ( it 's amazing that one of them does n't go to the Rolling Stones gig at Altamont ) , making it seem less like a period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade.<br /><br />The makers rush through it so much that there 's little or no time to give the characters any character , with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children 's father is especially clichéd - and then when they 're back on BLAMMO ! it 's something else . Garry Trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly . In fairness , Jerry O'Connell , Jordana Brewster , Jeremy Sisto , Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material the old college try , but they 're wasted ( especially the latter two ) ; it 's undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare straight role as activist Fred Hampton , and Rosanna Arquette ( in an uncredited cameo in part 2 ) is always welcome.<br /><br />What is n't welcome is how " The ' 60s " drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect ( and this may well be the only time an American TV presentation about post-60s America never mentions the British Invasion - no Beatles , no Rolling Stones ... then again , there 's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album , right ? ) . Capping its surface - skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out - of - place happy ending , " American Dreams " and " The Wonder Years " did it all much , much better . Nothing to see here you ca n't see elsewhere , people ... except for Julia Stiles doing the twist , that is .
0 The 1960 's were a time of change and awakening for most people . Social upheaval and unrest were commonplace as people spoke - out about their views . Racial tensions , politics , the Vietnam War , sexual promiscuity , and drug use were all part of the daily fabric , and the daily news . This film attempted to encapsulate these historical aspects into an entertaining movie , and largely succeeded.<br /><br />In this film , two families are followed : one white , one black . During the first half of the film , the story follows each family on a equal basis through social and family struggles . Unfortunately , the second half of the movie is nearly dedicated to the white family . Admittedly , there are more characters in this family , and the story lines are intermingled , but equal consideration is not given to the racial aspects of this century.<br /><br />On the whole , the acting is well done and historical footage is mixed with color and black and white original footage to give a documentary feel to the movie . The movie is a work of fiction , but clips of well - known historical figures are used to set the time - line.<br /><br />I enjoyed the movie but the situations were predictable and the storyline was one - sided .
0 The 60s ( 1999 ) D : Mark Piznarski . Josh Hamilton , Julia Stiles , Jerry O'Connell , Jeremy Sisto , Jordana Brewster , Leonard Roberts , Bill Smitrovich , Annie Corley , Charles S. Dutton . NBC mini - series ( later released to video / DVD as full length feature film ) about the treacherous 1960s , as seen through the eyes of both a white family and a black family . The film 's first half is driven by the excellent performance of Dutton as Reverend Willie Taylor and evenly spreads the storyline between the families . However , Dutton 's character is killed halfway through and the black family is completely forgotten in a dull , incoherent , and downright awful 2nd half . RATING : 4 out of 10 . Not rated ( later rated PG-13 for video / DVD release ) .
0 I like a lot of the actors / actresses involved in this project so being insulted by the movie felt even worse than if they used a unknowns .The main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .In 20 or 30 years Nbc will probably do a movie just like this about the early 90 's . I can see it now a black family where the kids are involved with the la riot 's and the white family has the kids rebel and listen to grunge rock music .The soundtrack will feature bands like Nirvana , N.W.A , Public Enemy , Soundgarden etc .The movie like this will be just as cheesy as The 60 's and I gurantee you NBC will do it .See the biggest problem with period pieces when done buy networks is that when you are living in a certain time period you are n't thinking i am living in the 60 's or whatever decade is trendy retro at the time .Next time someone does something like this they should put more weight into there project
0 The ' 60s is an occasionally entertaining film , most of this entertainment is from laughing at the film . It is extremely uneven , and includes many annoying elements . Take for instance the switch between black & white , and color . If done right , this could of been fairly effective , but because it was done poorly , it turned into a nuisance and only detracted from the already bad experience ; much of the film had an odd feel to it . The acting was n't extremely bad for a made for TV flick , but then again it was downright embarrassing at other times . Many of the events were not coherent , and ending up being confusing . How did this family somehow end up being at many of the big events during the 1960 's ? The ending was much too sappy for my tastes ; because it was hollywoodized , everything had to turn out right in the end . I would advise you to not waste your time on The ' 60s and do something else with your time . I 'm glad I watched this in class , and not on my own time . I think I can safely say that the best part of the movie was the inclusion of Bob Dylan 's music . Those are just my rambling thoughts on the flick . I hope you take my advice , and stay away from this .
0 Even if you could get past the idea that these boring characters personally witnessed every Significant Moment of the 1960s ( ok , so Katie did n't join the Manson Family , and nobody died at Altamont ) , this movie was still unbelievably awful . I got the impression that the " writers " just locked themselves in a room and watched " Forrest Gump , " " The Wonder Years , " and Oliver Stone 's 60s films over and over again and called it research . A Canadian television critic called the conclusion of the first episode " head spinning " . He was right .
0 Somehow they summed up the 60 's , ten years that radically changed our country , in four hours . And what a painful four hours it was . They trivilized the major events and happenings and they " claimed " it was about two families yet you barely saw the african - american family . If I were NBC I would be ashamed and embarrassed for airing such trash . What was amusing was this happy - go - lucky family you saw in the very beginning was tortured in so many ways , but managed to attend every major 60 's event through the country . And the second family was such a non - factor . They devoted maybe five or six scenes total to this family . That poor son ... Please NBC , do not make any movies about any other eras .... leave that to PBS and the History Channel
0 To this day when you speak of the Japanese cinema , most folks wo n't talk about Rashomon , or the Seven Ronin , or Ran . To the masses the Japanese cinema means all those monsters we 've grown to love destroying those Japanese cities over and over again , lots of times in battles with each other . The first and greatest of these is Godzilla who 's come back a dozen times or more and in a few films faced the three headed hydra like monster from outer space , Ghidrah.<br /><br />Oddly enough in keeping with the times , the special effects got slightly better . But part of the charm of those old films was seeing those paper mache city sets destroyed , they looked so phony , maybe three steps above Ed Wood.<br /><br />Some visitors from the future have time traveled to Japan to urge that Godzilla be destroyed from when he was first discovered . And in fact he was first discovered as a surviving dinosaur during World War II when he protected the Japanese garrison on a Pacific island from those American troops . But later on with atomic testing on Bikini , Godzilla the friendly dinosaur just like Barney became the mean machine we 've grown to know in the cinema.<br /><br />Of course you eliminate Godzilla than you give Ghidrah a clear field to wreck Japan so it does not become the economic colossus it was by 1991 when the film came out . More I wo n't say , but we all know Japan is doing reasonably well as 2010.<br /><br />Like all the other Japanese monster films , just sit back and enjoy the mayhem .
0 This is one of those movies in which people keep saying " That 's a great idea ! " about the worst ideas you 've ever heard . Then they act on them . I like it . This picture 's funnier than any 3 dozen Seth Rogen projects . Well , so is SHOAH . < br /><br />Gojira movies have been cannibalizing their own origin - stories since the 60s , but this one goes further . What can you say about a culture willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for a quick buck ? This travesty presents a WW2 suicide brigade on " the last of the Marshall Islands " presenting arms to a dinosaur who chased the US Marines away . Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight to the last man , and instead abandon the territory annexed on their behalf by this giant lizard . They retreat to the mainland , where one of them becomes a business tycoon.<br /><br />Then it gets complicated.<br /><br />Blonde men from the future , irritable over not yet curing male pattern baldness , come back in time in a sort of flying saucer to ask a failed writer and a celebrity psychic for their help in eliminating Godzilla before he destroys Japan . The " help " is questionable , as all these 1992 citizens do is go back to 1944 to watch some closed - circuit TV , but , hey , they shot the script . You would think that by the 90s the Japanese would know better than to trust people in spaceships . Fortunately for Nippon , the white guys - you can tell they 're American because they say " nucyaler " - erred by bringing back in time the one Japanese girl left in the future . In a touching display of ancestor worship , she outs their duplicity after donning a flying suit made from ductwork taped to a Sailor Moon backpack . Turns out these time - traveling , fashion - disabled Caucasians are just jealous of Japan 's impending economic imperialist takeover of the known world ( in the 22d century Japan 's going to buy Africa , which sounds more like a liability than an asset ) . These blondes in padded chintz suits with nonfunctioning straps and redundant zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah , who will destroy all of Japan except Tokyo . A strange choice , but Toho 's been known to go out of its way not to have to build that Tokyo skyline set again.<br /><br />Sure enough , we are given the alternate spectacle of Fukuoka ( " my garden city " ) and some other heretofore unscathed - by - rubber - monster metropolitan areas being laid waste by a flying gold metalflake 1/3 of a hydra . In a surprise revelation , we are informed that King Ghidorah was created from some hand puppets left too long in the microwave . Godzilla also does his share of demolition as the movie winds down . Wait - did n't the spaceship blondes already destroy Godzilla ? Yeah , they killed him in the third reel . But nobody expected that the Japanese of 1992 had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - " Ha ha , do n't worry . We do n't keep it in Japanese waters " - with which to jumpstart a new Godzilla from the bones of an old dinosaur . Only they do n't have to , because a leaky old nuclear shipwreck has already made Godzilla whole again . Oh , and Godzilla finally gets to Tokyo , reuniting with his old army buddy in a heartwarming moment of tearful recognition . They look into each other 's eyes , and Godzilla nods as if to say , " Got ta do it , man . " The tycoon nods in understanding . Then Godzilla blows him up.<br /><br />I should also mention here that , in order to prevent Godzilla 's revamped angry self from fulfilling his destiny and destroying Japan , the Japanese girl from the future goes BACK to the future to ask for help from - yes - a balding white man . Probably because he pities her as the sole Asian character from the 23d century , he agrees to build a Mecha - Ghidora and send it back to the 1990s , so that together , these two giant monsters can , uh , fulfill Godzilla 's destiny and destroy Japan . In a wonderful nod to those notoriously self - willed whipping heads , the girl piloting Mecha - Ghidora has trouble controlling the joystick.<br /><br />This Godzilla suit design owes much to the Sumo - his thighs are flabby enough to double for Rush Limbaugh 's , and his belly and chest are thick and ponderous . But there 's more exploding masonry in this picture than in most of his adventures , which makes up for a lot . Also features a man with a passing resemblance to Robert Patrick playing a killer robot . Yes , in the future even the robots will have bald spots . Plus Megumi Odaka , reprising her role as Micki , the only Japanese girl ever born with ears larger than her Disney namesake and an acting style even bigger than that . It 's not her fault : many Japanese directors seem to feel that a seventy - foot screen is n't quite large enough to display the emotion of a human face . I did some acting for Japanese television , and I can tell you , they push you to go for it . They apparently urge their writers in the same way . Thank God .
0 " Godzilla vs King Ghidorah " is a perfect example how a great idea can be ruined by pathetic topics like pseudo - patriotism . Here , travellers from the future try to ruin Japan , replacing the local hero Godzilla with their puppy monster , the three - headed golden dragon King Ghidorah . They fail , however and in the end Godzilla fights Ghidorah . The battles between the two behemoths are very cool , but the plot of the movie is full with holes and the all thing about " Japan is great " is really stupid . The creators of this movie did n't even threat with respect the enemies of Japan , making them stupid big blond guys , who are easily outsmarted by the clever Japanese . The good thing is that in the end Godzilla and king Ghidorah nearly destroyed the both Japan and it 's ridiculous enemies in one ( actually two ) spectacular combats . But till this battle royale , the film was really dull and pathetic .
0 I ca nt understand at all why so many Godzilla fans think this is excellent , one of the best Godzilla films ever in fact . This film is horrible and one of the very few Gojira films I ca nt stand to watch again ( the other being G. vs Megalon).<br /><br />The plot is too campy to be in the Heisei series , a series that attempted to turn the aging Godzilla franchise into bonafide action films , revolving around ideas that seemed more in place in 1974 than 1991 . It just sounded ridiculous , especially with some of the subject matter , take for example the WW2 scene , with the Japanese soldiers praising a dying Godzillasaurus , a mournful and serious tone , take the exuberant former commander turn capitalist and his death , serious seens in a film its fans somehow denote as played for laughs , as a goofy romp with guilty illogical fun , if so than this is easily one of the most tasteless films I 've seen , however I think its more likely it was only talent the filmmakers lacked and this was a case of a straight faced action movie gone bad . It was made ever worse by the fact that the special effects are terrible beyond compare , from the jet packs to the android , to the hokey sound effects emitted from everything , its impossible to take anything seriously , and yet the film expects you to , there 's no nudges to the camera.<br /><br />Like nearly all Godzilla films there 's a pointless romance , and this is no exception , though something can be said about the fact that this one is especially pointless since and inexplicable . There is literally no reason at all presented for the romance , it just happens and there lives make 360 degree commitments for it . Aside from this the other terrible aspect of this film is dialogue , both the Japanese and English is horrible , clunky and possibly the inspiration for Battlefield Earth.<br /><br />The Tristar DVD compounds the problems , making everything look grainy , blurred , dim and just plain ugly , the same was for the sound . I first saw the Japanese Region 2 version and the differences are night and day , with the original vibrant colors and texture , the noteworthy score , the fight scenes especially , are actually watchable.<br /><br />In my opinion , the Heisei series is a disappointment , with the exception of Godzilla 1984 ( Japanese version ) there is little to praise here , and Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah is case in point of this failure . It does n't even come close to deserving the reputation and fans it gets.<br /><br />2 out of 10
0 Yet another colourful excuse for men in rubber suits to wrestle with each other . This time around , time travellers from the future arrive in 1992 and recruit a few people to go back with them to 1944 and prevent the creation of Godzilla , thus saving a future Japan from destruction . But having accomplished this task , the time travellers are revealed to be a bunch of double crossers whose own creature goes on the rampage , and with no Godzilla to stop it   Eek ! It all sounds very silly , and it probably is , but the plot is surprisingly decent and the final battle looks pretty good too . Unfortunately the rest of the visual effects are just rubbish rather than enjoyably rubbish , and the movie turns out to be just as dull as its predecessors . Look out for the shaky Spielberg in - joke .
0 Nothing new in this hackneyed romance with characters put into unbelievable situations , speaking dialogue that borders on the ridiculous . This is an example of another movie put into production before serious script problems were solved . Do n't waste your time .
0 let 's value it.<br /><br />entertainment : a trashy script which has been typed by unintelligent people in front of typewriters a thousand times .. pathetic acting that is thwarted by the story ... OK production value , including good set / location and gorgeous girl .. -rating 4/10 < br /><br />social message : the movie has no social message . it 's thought free ... .but if I pretend I were 10 , and my IQ were 70 . I feel the message is : don't be afraid to love ? -rating 0/10<br /><br />objectionable things : nothing special , just the mild Jewish hedonic and arrogant attitude that is presented by the writer / director . generally speaking , good , nothing degenerate -8/10<br /><br />overall rating is 4/10
0 I 've tried to like this film , really . In watching it , all I can think is , " This guy gives me the creeps , I would have gotten a restraining order " . It also calls out CODEPENDENCE in capital letters . Was this really the conversation before making the movie ? " Let 's make a film that puts two chronically depressed , socially inept people into a relationship which deepens their isolation and encourages them to complain about how bad their lives are ! " From what I 've seen in life is that the last thing on earth we find attractive in a potential mate is constant self - pity . < br /><br />The mood of the movie is distinctly 80-ish ; brooding and slow . Do n't get me wrong , the film has its moments , just very few of them .
0 Dolph Lundgren stars as a former cop / boxer who searches Boston 's kinky scene to find out who killed his brother , who was well thought of in the community , however along the way he learns how his brother enjoyed kinky sex and that a serial killer is to blame . Dolph Lundgren is very good in this movie , in fact on the basis of his performance here , one would forget Lundgren 's rise to fame involved action roles . That said the material gives Lundgren nothing to work with , in fact , Lundgren is completely left out to dry in a dreary thriller which is both predictable and incomprehensible . Co - Star Danielle Brett is also good , in fact the film works best when it centers around the chemistry of Lundgren and Brett , indeed had the film taken the time to explore their relationship the film would 've been fairly decent . However the movie is lackluster , the action is non - existent , the plot not given enough exploration ( Too much boring B.S around Lundgren 's investigation of his brother 's employer ) and the film is needlessly gory and ridiculous . Once again , Lundgren is actually really good ( As is newcomer Danielle Brett ) but the film just lumbers from one sequence to the next , which makes this movie particularly disappointing . If anything else though , it shows how underrated Lundgren is , as an actor.<br /><br />*1/2 Out Of 4-(Poor )
0 Okay , I rented this movie because of the director ... he has made some interesting flicks in the past ( if you have n't seen Waxork you are missing a fun ride ) . Anyway , I had my doubts about this movie from the beginning but I decided to suck it up and give it a look . It 's bad . Very bad . If you have n't seen the movie and do n't mind spoilers read ahead . First of all , the old saying ' You ca n't judge a book by it 's cover ' applies here . The box for this flick seems to indicate that Jill is the stone fox with long hair with highlights . The back of the box has a cool shot of the red - leather Jill and some other shots . The description makes you want to rent the movie because it SOUNDS good . You start watching it and suddenly you find out that the movie takes place ( inexplicably ) in 1977 . Jill is a total dog who is not the girl on the cover . The movie is not quite as predictable as you would think ... and that 's not a good thing . Characters do so many stupid things without any modicum of motivation ... it 's embarrassing to watch . 10 minutes before the end of the movie Dolph and another lady have sex for no good reason . Also , what was the point of having Dolph kill this other lady in cold blood who had been helping him . Anthony Hickox the director should have seen a stinker when he read the script . Had it been set in the underworld of the new milennium and made the characters halfway intelligent it might have been decent . To set it in the 70 's makes no sense and has no bearing on the story whatsoever . Avoid it !
0 Dolph Lundgren stars as Murray Wilson an alcoholic ex - cop who gets involved with a serial killer who kills during sex , after his brother is murdered , Wilson starts his own investigation and finds out a lot of his brother 's secrets in this very dull thriller . Lundgren mails in his performance and the movie is flat and lethargic . Also when has anyone watched a Dolph Lundgren movie for anything but action ?
0 I think Dolph Lundgren had potential at being a big action star a la Schwarzenegger , Stallone , and even Van Damme to certain degree . He had some big moments in his career but he also made some poor choices and this is definitely one of them although made later in his career . The strange thing about Jill The Ripper ( or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up ) is that I honestly think they seriously thought they were making a provocative and serious thriller ? It shows in the way that they describe it on IMDb , on the DVD case , in the commentaries , and this film is not serious . To call it campy would be a huge understatement . The film tries to be complex and intelligent when in fact it 's nothing more than shallow , confusing and gratuitous . On top of that they put Lundgren , who is known for action films , in an attempt at a serious role which makes it even more campy because his range as an actor is pretty limited . The entire film revolves around the kinky sex world and yet they attempt at making it a serious thriller ? Just the plot and premise immediately make it a B - Movie Porn at very best.<br /><br />Dolph Lundgren plays disgraced former cop and raging alcoholic Matt Sorenson who decides to play Detective when his brother is murdered . I mean put aside the numerous plot holes that has Lundgren getting free roam to investigate crime scenes , and witnesses and everything else even though he 's not a cop anymore and you still have a pretty strange and rather lack luster performance from Lundgren . Danielle Brett is Lundgren 's eventual love interest and his brother 's widow . Brett plays her role decently enough considering the script and campy story . The supporting cast is huge and no one particularly stands out in their performances unless it 's on the negative side such as the absolutely horrible performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who seems to go by several different names in the film , boasts an awful accent and is a really awful villain.<br /><br />I honestly tried to get into the mystery and film and watch closely but there was n't any reason to because it was all a jumble of ridiculous plot and gratuitous sex games including a downright ridiculously hilarious scene where Lundgren goes under cover and is strung upside down nearly naked . To explain how classy and well done this movie is ( sarcasm ... sarcasm ) the back of the DVD I picked up ( it was really cheap ) has Lundgren 's character listed as " Murray Wilson " ( not the name of his character in the film . ) While somehow Lundgren manages to be usually watchable the film falls flat on it 's face trying to be serious . Considering director Anthony Hickox is infamous for really B - Movie Horror flicks it only makes sense even though I think he was really trying to be serious . Hard core cult Lundgren fans will have to see it ... no one else should ... certainly for any sort of mystery or suspense . 3/10
0 Probably the worst Dolph film ever . There 's nothing you 'd want or expect here . Do n't waste your time . Dolph plays a miserable cop with no interests in life . His brother gets killed and Dolph tries to figure things out . The character is just plain stupid and stumbles around aimlessly . Pointless .
0 Dolph Lundgren broods and scowls his way through this incoherent mystery / thriller that 's not nearly as cool as the box would have you believe . He is actually quite good here , but the story is a mess of B - movie cliches ( detectives , revenge , tycoons , hookers , S&M ) that looks like it was made up as they went along . The film picks up a bit in the second half but for a more decent Lundgren flick , rent RED SCORPION instead .
0 This unpleasant film has little to recommend it . Dolph Lundgren gives a performance that is better than either this script or his other action films have allowed . And there are occasional snippets of dialog that suggest the film might have been able to provide some insight into a bizarre subculture.<br /><br />But no . Motivations are either murky or trite . Most of the acting is sub - par . The script creates needless confusion . And the director 's needless fascination with focusing on gore is distracting.<br /><br />It 's hard to imagine who the audience is for this film .
0 I saw this film under the title of " Tied Up " . In general I have enjoyed Dolph 's movies , so gave this one a try . It was n't worth it . I have read some of the previous comments about the box enticing viewers . Do n't be fooled . This is a poor film at best . The acting is nonexistent . The plot , what little there is of one , is very predictable . The movie in places seems to be chopped together . This one just plain stinks the place up . Not even worth the price of a cheap night rental . As a bit of a Dolph fan , I kept waiting to see him in action . By the end of the movie , you will still be waiting . Best to avoid this film , and spend your time watching almost anything else .
0 It just seems to run true to form , any movie starring Dolph Lundgren is bad ! I do n't know if it is the fact that the storyline in full of holes , or that Dolph is such a bad actor . No spoiler here , He seems to overdue the pushing and shoving and grabbing and touching thing in this movie . In my opinion it is a wonder that some of these projects find venture capital to get in the can and to the theatre .
0 This is the worst movie I have ever seen . The Avengers held this dubious honor   but no longer . The acting in " Jill the Ripper " is terrible and was only eclipsed by the plot . This movie is as intellectually stimulating as the Telletubbes . It does n't know whether it wants to be an S&M flick or a really bad thriller . Only watch under extreme intoxication or if you 're bed ridden and need a leather clad distraction . This script should be reworked into a porn , it would n't take very much effort and would have a longer shelf life . A porn , even a bad porn , would n't do the damage to Dolf Lundgren 's career the way that this movie has .
0 I wo nt take too much time here , just wanted to state that Darkman 3 is awesome . I have all 3 on DVD , added these to my collection of DVD movie sets . Darkman ranks up there with the best , like Indiana Jones , Aliens , Star Wars , Die hard , you get the point . There is n't too many good horror , thriller , sets out there . Many thanks to the whole crew , and set for giving us the Darkman trilogy . By the way if your wondering how I came across this one on DVD . I purchased it through the internet , it is however region 4 , as you know most US DVD players are region 1 . If you own a Sony Playstation 2 , you have the best DVD player since it is an all region player . Just go to set up then choose witch region setting you want ( 1 - 9 ) .
0 OK , but does that make this a good movie?well , not really , in my opinion.there is n't a whole lot to recommend it.i found it very slow , tediously , in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable , but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times , which i did n't really think fits this series and the character . Jeff Fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent enough actor , but i felt he played his character too over the top.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie , which would have been great if i had liked the movie.plus,there were some pretty bad one liners . Arnold Vosloo returns in the title role , but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved , as i had hoped.oh well.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me , while this movie is not abysmal , it is pretty bad.my vote for Darkman III : 3.5/5
0 Within the first 17 minutes of director Bradford May 's " Darkman III : Die Darkman Die " , we have already been subjected to a silly recap and accompanying voice - over on the first two films , hilarious over - acting , about three minutes of footage simply ripped from the second film and re - edited slightly to seem like new footage , and a lengthy advertisement the scarred and tormented title character watches about Universal Theme Parks- Universal being the company that distributed this film . Yes , " Darkman III : Die Darkman Die " is quite the handful when it comes to cheap cash - ins on the success of a previous film.<br /><br />This time around , the disfigured anti - hero Peyton Westlake ( aka , " Darkman " ; portrayed by " Mummy " actor Arnold Vosloo ) locks horns with evil crime - lord and lousy husband Peter Rooker ( played in a brilliantly over - the - top performance by Jeff Fahey ) , and over the course of the 87 minute film grows to develop an affection for Rooker 's wife and daughter , once again learning to care for another person.<br /><br />Blah . Blah . Blah.<br /><br />This film is basically just a silly way for the studio to make some more money off of Sam Raimi 's original film , which I consider to be a great action - suspense film.<br /><br />Oh yeah , and there are also a number of silly sub - plots , including a villainess who supposedly was one of the original doctors to save Darkman following his scarring , and her seducing our hero into thinking she is an ally before revealing her nefarious plot to help Rooker create more super - human powered thugs like Darkman . Apparently , she ca n't just do the same procedure on the thugs that she performed on Darkman . Why ? I ca n't really explain it , because the movie certainly doesn't.<br /><br />There 's also an assassination sub - plot involving a District Attourney who is threatening to bring down Rooker 's organization , and some other very silly things going on.<br /><br />But it does n't really add up . This film feels like two or three episodes of a television show edited together more than an actual film . The direction alternates between pretty good and downright sloppy ( a scene where Darkman rides his train - like vehicle and dodges a rocket - launcher is just plain silly ) , and the editing is a mixed - bag . The film just moves too quickly for anyone to really care what 's going on . And without spoiling it , the final 15 minutes of this movie , and indeed , the entire series is just kinda ... I dunno ... Another 15 minutes of mixed - bag footage.<br /><br />In fact , commenting on the editing , one of my favorite things in this film is watching for footage re - used from the previous films , and then looking for footage within this film that is repeated multiple times . Yes , it 's that cheap . It 's one thing to do a re - cap at the beginning of the film , and maybe repeat a shot or two , but in the sheer volume they do it ( minutes of footage repeated from previous films ) , it 's just sloppy and amateurish.<br /><br />Also , I have to say that Darkman 's psychedelic montage freak - outs are a bit overdone in this film . They are so stylized and overdone that they do work , but only in light doses and in proper context , as Raimi did in the original film . Here , there are at least four or five , and they feel very abrupt and out - of - place.<br /><br />That being said , the film is not without some good points . A few action scenes are well - done . The cliché story of Darkman yearning for a real life works suitably for a direct - to - DVD feature . Some of the acting is nice , particularly from Rooker 's wife , portrayed by the beautiful Roxann Dawson . Also , while no Danny Elfman , composer Randy Miller composes some nice music that builds off of Elfman 's original themes.<br /><br />But overall , the film is too quick , cheap and silly to be taken seriously . Arnold Vosloo seems alternatively bored and exuberant from scene to scene , and Fahey , while a joy to watch as an over - the - top villain , just does n't quite fit in with the series.<br /><br />Like " Darkman II " , I would recommend this to fans of the original , who will surely get a laugh . Otherwise , you need not apply . A four out of ten .
0 Normally I 'm quite disposed to like low budget gonzo films , but Darkman III is so appallingly unengaging that I feel nothing but contempt for it.<br /><br />It looks and feels like a TV show , and a particularly shoddy one at that . The sets are sparse , the lighting flat , the score and effects disjointed , and the camerawork is film school 101 . There 's no plot to speak of , the characters are one dimensional , and the actors are sleepwalking . Most of the cast look like they should be doing soft core porn ..... In fact , the only reward that I got from this mess was spotting the startling squint faced Roxann Biggs - Dawson ( B'Elanna from Star Trek : Voyager ) without her Klingon bumpy head makeup on . Her skin tone is about two shades lighter than it is in Voyager ; either she 's been bleached down for this role , or blacked up for Voyager . Very strange either way .
0 Darkman 3 : Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May , the same guy who made the first Darkman sequel too . Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 , and is nothing special , in my opinion . Larry Drake is no more as a main villain , who is now played by great Jeff Fahey , whose character once again wants to get Darkman 's work and create this time some ultra strong humans in order to get the leadership of the whole city . The film is pretty much the same in plot and execution as Darkman 2 , but I was mostly irritated by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2 . These sequels were made in short time and with little money , so these kind of decisions had to be made . Couple of scenes are pretty stylish and exiting , but still this is pretty tired film and often irritatingly stupid , too . The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very annoying . There is no any philosophical depth in the film , and this is like a remake of Darkman 2 which it still can not equal . Darkman 2 had many great scenes and stylish camera work , and Larry Drake 's ability to play great villain . Darkman 3 offers only some nice scenes and moments , but mostly this film is tired and full of cliches . The few positive things in this movie are flashback edits ( Westlake 's nightmares ) and couple of truly surprising plot turns and tricks . And worth mentioning is also pretty nasty death scene of the main villain which was pretty comic book like and inventive without any gore . Far more interesting than the death of main villain in part two . < br /><br />Darkman 3 is worst in the whole series , and we must remember that these two sequels were made directly to video and they do n't come even close to Raimi 's original Darkman with Liam Neeson . Darkman 2 was okay actioner with plenty of great scenes and suspense , but this last ( ? ) entry is tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel . It has some merits as mentioned , but overall feeling is that this should not been made in the first place . May is talented director so hopefully he can get some more noteworthy projects in the future.<br /><br />3/10
0 This third Darkman was definitely better than the second one , but still far worse than the original movie . What made this one better than D2 was the fact that The Bad Guy had been changed and Durant was not brought back again . Furthermore there was actually some hint of character development when it came to the bad guy 's family and Darkman himself . This made my heart soften and I gave this flick as much as 4/10 , i.e. * * /*****.
0 This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel . It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera . It 's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.<br /><br />It also borrows from an early CBS game show pioneer- Beat The Clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome . Then it rewards the winner money . If they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters , even better . While the game format is in slow motion versus Beat The Clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality . < br /><br />This show has elements of several types of successful past programs . Reality television , hardly , but if your hooked on the contestants , locale or contest , this is your cup of tea . If your not , this entire series is as I say , drivel dripping with gravy . It is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.<br /><br />It is slick & well produced , so it might last a while yet . After all , so do re - runs of Gilligan 's Island , Green Acres , The Beverly Hillbillies & The Brady Bunch . This just does n't employ professional actors . The intelligence level is about the same .
0 How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this long ? It 's terrible . It makes me want to shoot someone . It 's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci - fi movie . I 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense . I remember watching it when it first came out . I thought , hey this could be interesting , then I found out how absolutely , insanely , ridiculously stupid it really was . It was so bad that I actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.<br /><br />Please people , stop watching this and all other reality shows , they 're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create .
0 You do realize that you 've been watching the EXACT SAME SHOW for eight years , right ? I could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co - exist on an Island , but you 'd think that after watching unkempt , stink - ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original ( and interesting).<br /><br />And I 'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record I find questionable . It 's just hard to suspend disbelief for " Bushy Bill " eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make - shift bio - dome sipping frosty mochcinno 's with moxy.<br /><br />What 's the appeal here ? I do n't care about these people or their meandering lives . I just do n't get it . But if you DO find yourself being captivated by hairy , unwashed people , I suggest you turn off your TV and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their TRUE habitat . They call them HOMELESS PEOPLE , and free of charge , you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters , eventually striking " pay - dirt " and fashioning a homemade Dr. Frankenstein - styled cancer - stick , all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of " Aqua Velva " on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise . And the best part ? Much like Survivor , every week one member of the tribe " Leaves " the " Island " when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local Institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full - blown schizophrenia kicks into gear ! Now THAT 'S ENTERTAINMENT !
0 " This might mean the end of the white race ! " gasps a general as a dozen Native Zombies wander around the battlefields of Europe during the " Great War " . An expedition sets out tor the long - lost , back - projected city of Kennif - Angor to stop this sort of thing and keep the battlefields clear for decent honest white people to slaughter each other by the tens of thousands.<br /><br />It is a bit hard to tell when people are zombies or not in this film as the acting is so wooden . Even by 1936 standards the acting in this film is bad . From a previous decade . It looks like it came out of a correspondence school text book on ' How to Act ' < br /><br />------------- Chapter Three : Emotions -------------<br /><br />"How to express fear and loathing ( Female ) Clench both fists . Place fist of one hand on heart . Open mouth as it to scream . Place other fist , palm out , against mouth . Hold pose for 10 seconds longer than is comfortable then quickly turn head 90 degrees away from direction of loathed object and sob".<br /><br />"How to have difficult , heavily emotionally charged scene with ex - fiancé explaining your love for someone else . Do NOT make eye contact . Do not move . Do not show any emotion . Do not move your eyes too much as you read your lines off the studio wall . " < br /><br />To give us a respite from the leaden acting the director cunningly cuts in long pauses where nothing much happens except that film keeps running through the projectors . Thus 35 minute 's worth of story is padded out to 60ish minutes.<br /><br />The revolt of the zombies when it comes is so slow ! Released from mental bondage the armies of ex - zombiefied minions turn on their former master by ambling slowly up hill and then sort of stabbing a door a bit and smashing a window . " Yea ... let 's ... oh , I dunnno yeah . Let 's get him grrr . Frankenstein must be destroyed - manana . " ( though I have just found a bit of hidden symbolism . Jagger is shot by a Native as some sort of ironic counterpoint to all the Natives being shot by the Germans at the start of the flick . see , even downtrodden Natives do n't want the end of the White Race ! ) The chase ( it you can call it that ) through the back - projected swamp is hilarious and worth the admission price alone . Roy D'Arcy has a hell of a time camping it up , but is totally wasted , as Col . Mazovia.<br /><br />There is one interesting moment in this film . A nice little montage of the zombied natives and white cast members falling under the evil eyes spell . face after face , cross - fade into one another . It works , though there is a strange little blip in the middle of each close up like a frame has been cut . I guess these must be Neg Cutters ' frames between the fades.<br /><br />Best watched with friends and in a silly mood .
0 Though the title includes the word " zombies " , this film is not what you 'd expect from a movie made today , though for 1936 the concept is played out about as well as would probably be expected . Dean Jagger portrays Armand Louque , an officer in the French Army of World War I , who has stumbled upon an ancient tale of soldiers turned into automatons , or " zombies " , who are impervious in battle and may hold the key to victory in the war , though on whose side is not certain . At first he has trouble convincing his superiors of this phenomenon , but eventually French General Duval ( George Cleveland ) orders a non military expedition into the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it.<br /><br />The story is played out against the backdrop of a love triangle involving Louque , Duval 's daughter Claire ( Dorothy Stone ) , and Clifford Grayson ( Robert Noland ) , all a part of the expedition . When Louque laments over his lack of forcefulness and resolve , Grayson offers him advice to go after what he wants in life with all his power . That advice begins to transform Louque , particularly after he 's successful in obtaining a stone tablet resembling a photo from the ancient city . Having followed a temple priest into a swamp , Louque now appears to hold the secret he had been seeking , though it 's not made clear how he has instantaneously been able to command the power of " zombiefication " . All it takes is placing his right fist to the forehead simulating a third eye , and casting his thoughts out to those he wishes to control . This comes in handy for winning back his girl , and taking Grayson 's early advice as he comments to his servant , " Buna , we 're learning to be ruthless".<br /><br />Fans of early " B " horror flicks will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi 's signature eye stare , plucked from the 1932 film " White Zombie " , also from director Victor Halperin . Of the two movies , " White Zombie " is preferably superior , both in story content and in it 's depiction of the undead , where the zombies have a more sinister appearance and are more threatening . In " Revolt " , the zombies are enemy soldiers with a glazed over look that merely react to their mentor 's commands . In fact , the actual revolt of the title occurs only when Louque releases the soldiers from his mental command in deference to his love for Claire ; they overrun his compound and kill him in the process.<br /><br />Not to be too harsh on the film , it plays out decently within the parameters of it 's story outline , but if you 're thinking " zombies ! ! ! " within the traditional context , you 'll probably be disappointed . If you want to sample an early treatment of the subject , the aforementioned " White Zombie " with Bela Lugosi is the way to go .
0 REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES ( 2 outta 5 stars ) No , this is not a long - lost ancestor to the classic George A. Romero zombie flicks . This is a low - budget potboiler from 1936 that probably seemed very cool to audiences of the time ... but seems awfully routine these days . There is actually a pretty good scene at the start of a soldier firing off his pistol into a horde of approaching zombie soldiers ... and a close - up of bullets entering the bare chest of one of them . The effect looks hopelessly fake these days but in 1936 I 'm sure it had audiences gasping . The story concerns the search for the secret of mind control ... ostensibly to create an unstoppable zombie army ... but later as a means for one character to win the woman he loves . The movie is barely an hour long but moves at a snail 's pace so it seems feature - length , believe me ! There really is n't much to recommend it ... you may get some amusement from the faked studio shots of the star " wading " through a " swamp " . The ending is interesting ... so I 'd say the movie is worth seeing at least once . More than likely you will see it as an extra feature on some cheap " 4 movies on 1 DVD " compilation at Wal - Mart for five bucks . Hey , it 's well worth the money ...
0 This film is something like a sequel of " White Zombie " , since it is made by the same man ( Halperin ) and features zombies . Halperin , the George A. Romero of his day , fails to deliver with this one , though.<br /><br />We have a man who can control the minds of people in Cambodia , and a search to destroy the source of his power so the zombies can be sent free . Also , a love interest for the evil man.<br /><br />Where this film really excels is in the imagery . The Cambodian temples and dancers are very nice and the zombie look very powerful in their large numbers . Unfortunately , we do n't really get to see much of the zombies in action and the love story seems to play a much too large role for a horror film ( though this has a valid plot reason later on).<br /><br />I would have loved to see some 1930s zombies attack helpless city folk , but this film just did not deliver . And no strong villain ( like Bela Lugosi ) was waiting to do battle against our heroes . And the use of Lugosi 's eyes ? A nice effect , but misleading as he is never in the film ... why not recreate this with the new actor 's eyes ? Overall , a film that could be a great one with a little script re - working and could someday be a powerful remake ( especially if they keep it in the same post - war time frame ) . Heck , if they can fix up " The Hills Have Eyes " then this film has hope .
0 " Revolt of the Zombies " proves that having the same director revamp and recycle an idea does n't necessarily make lightning strike twice.<br /><br />The Halperin brothers , responsible for the horror classic " White Zombie " , made this trite piece of garbage a mere few years later to cash in on its popularity and even recycled close - ups of Lugosi 's eyes from that previous film . There was a court battle with the " White Zombie " film 's rights owners , who did n't want the Halperins to be able to use the word ' zombie ' in this title . That word was the only thing that could help this film , because , as everyone knows , bad films can make much more money simply by having the word ' Zombie ' appear in the title . Knowing what Victor Halperin was capable of a few years before only makes this uninteresting film more insulting . It seems he never directed another horror film after this debacle . The zombies here seem not to be true walking dead , but simply hypnotism victims.<br /><br />Wanna create a mind - controlled army of zombies ? Be ready to crack a few eggs , including your own.<br /><br />THE LAME PLOT : Man falls in love with scheming woman who plays with his heart and becomes engaged to him only to make his friend , whom she loves , jealous . This sends man into a spiral of madness in which he tries using zombie mind - control techniques to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who is n't worth spit.<br /><br />This includes one of the most blatantly obvious plot developments I 've ever seen . You 'd have to be blind or stupid not to see the ending coming . The acting is n't even good . This movie makes the racially insensitive " King of the Zombies " ( which appeared on the same double bill DVD I bought ) seems like an atmospheric horror masterpiece by comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is a classic . It makes the atomic age sci - fi alien zombie cheese fest " Invisible Invaders " seem like a serious drama . This is one big ball of cheese so ridiculously melodramatic it could probably make many a Korean film fan twitch ( South Korean films are often known for their use of melodrama ) . The credits list the ironically named company Favorite Films . I 'm not sure whose favorite film this would be , but they 're obviously an idiot.<br /><br />Not recommended for fans of : zombies , romance , or classic films .
0 While this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film , it 's surprisingly watchable on several levels . First , for old movie fans , it 's interesting to see the leading role played by Dean Jagger ( no relation to Mick ) . While Jagger later went on to a very respectable role as a supporting actor ( even garnering the Oscar in this category for 12 O'CLOCK HIGH ) , here his performance is truly unique since he actually has a full head of hair ( I never saw him this way before ) and because he was by far the worst actor in the film . This film just goes to show that if an actor can not act in his earlier films does n't mean he ca n't eventually learn to be a great actor . Another good example of this phenomenon is Paul Newman , whose first movie ( THE SILVER CHALICE ) is considered one of the worst films of the 1950s.<br /><br />A second reason to watch the film is the shear cheesiness of it all . The writing is bad , the acting is bad and the special effects are bad . For example , when Jagger and an unnamed Cambodian are wading through the water , it 's obvious they are really just walking in place and the background is poorly projected behind them . Plus , once they leave the water , their costumes are 100 % dry ! ! ! Horrid continuity and mindlessly bad dialog abounds throughout the film -- so much so that it 's hard to imagine why they did n't ask Bela Lugosi or George Zucco to star in the film -- since both of them starred in many grade - z horror films . In many ways , this would be a perfect example for a film class on how NOT to make a film.<br /><br />So , while giving it a 3 is probably a bit over - generous , it 's fun to laugh at and short so it 's worth a look for bad film fans .
0 Seriously , I absolutely love these old movies and their simplicity but I just watched this for the first time last night and it easily slotted itself into my bottom five of all time . Was this supposed to be about the love story or the zombies ? ? ? This movie was so bad that after it mercifully ended all I could do is laugh at how ridiculously bad it really was . Thankfully I 'm too anal to turn a movie off without seeing the entire thing or I would n't be able to brag about watching this all the way through in one sitting ! I like to think something positive can be said about anything in life so in keeping with that theory I will acknowledge this film 's most positive asset , it was very short for a full length film .
0 Well , first off , if you 're checking out Revolt of the Zombies as some very early Night of the Living Dead ( 1968)-type film , forget it . This is about " zombies " in a more psychological sense , where that term merely denotes someone who is not in control of their will , but who must instead follow the will of another . The " zombies " here , as little as they are in the film , are largely metaphors for subservience to the state or authority in general , as in wartime . It is quite a stretch to call this a horror film.<br /><br />The film is set during World War I. A " French Cambodian " contingent had heard strange stories about zombification -- supposedly Angkor Wat was built by utilizing zombies -- and there are tales of zombie armies easily overcoming foes . Armand Louque ( Dean Jagger ) brings back a priest who supposedly knows the secret of zombification , but he wo n't talk . So Louque and an international military contingent head to Angkor Wat on an archaeological expedition designed to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have a chance to " wipe out the white race".<br /><br />One of the odd things about Revolt of the Zombies is that it seems like maybe writer / director Victor Halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script . The film begins as if it will explore the zombie / military metaphor , and maybe even have adventure elements , but after about 15 minutes , it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story.<br /><br />Halperin does stick with a subtext about will and power ( and a Nietzschean " will to power " ) . The film is interesting on that level , but the script and the editing are very choppy . This is yet another older film for which I would n't be surprised if there is missing footage , especially since some scenes even fade or cut while a character is uttering dialogue.<br /><br />Amidst the contrived romance story , Halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie thread , but little of the zombie material makes much sense . Louque discovers the secret of zombification , but it does n't mean much to the viewer . The mechanics of the zombie material are vague and confusingHalperin even resorts to using superimposed footage of Bela Lugosi 's googly - eyes from his 1932 film , White Zombie , but never explains what it has to do with anything . There are big gaps in the plot , including the love story . Promising , interesting characters from early reels disappear for long periods of time . One potential villain is disposed of unceremoniously before he gets to do much.<br /><br />If you 're a big fan of old , creaky B movies , Revolt of the Zombies may be worth watching at least once -- the acting is n't all that bad , and if you 've got a good imagination , you can piece together an interesting story in your mind to fill in all of the gaps . But this is the second time I 've seen the film , with the first only being about five years ago , and I could barely recall anything about it -- so it 's not exactly memorable .
0 Ever since the cinema - loving universe made acquaintance with a guy named George A. Romero , the word " zombie " automatically gets associated with blood - soaked horror images and non - stop acting sequences . It 's safe to say that his " Night of the Living Dead " formed the zombie movie as we know it now . Yet , in the earliest years of cinema , the premise of reanimated corpses was merely used in slow , nearly action - less psychological thrillers . Jacques Tourneur 's " I walked with a Zombie " is a perfect example and so is " White Zombie " , starring Bela Lugosi . This " Revolt of the Zombies " could have been another example but unfortunately it 's a failure over the entire line and easily one of the most tedious movies I ever saw . Dreadful acting , a very poorly written screenplay and a complete lack of atmosphere and tension ! The film only lasts 65 minutes and yet the first half hour is entirely wasted on stupid love - story intrigues and unexciting monologues . The setting in the legendary Cambodian city of Angkor surely could have resulted in a more compelling story but all we ever see are interior shots . The lead actress ( Dorothy Stone , textbook blonde with curly hair and an ugly nose ) irritated me enormously and I kept hoping a ravenous undead would suddenly appear out of nowhere to devour her . Unlucky again  . If you manage to struggle yourself through 60 soporific minutes , you 'll be rewarded with a fairly decent finale . Still , this is far too little to give this film a positive rating , let alone a recommendation . Avoid ! This is the type of movie you should only see in case you already saw everything else .
0 After watching Revolt Of The Zombies starring future Academy Award winner Dean Jagger I was left with one burning question . How was a society that created these ultimate warrior fighting machines ever defeated in the first place ? < br /><br />That 's the question you 'll be pondering if you take time to watch Revolt Of The Zombies . Towards the end of World War I , the French discover a cult from occupied Cambodia where these undead creatures who can not be stopped with bullets form a brigade of monks who go over the top and dislodge the Hun.<br /><br />This scares the living fecal matter out of everyone concerned so an international expedition is formed to find out destroy the secret of these zombies so no nation can get their hands on it and rule the world.<br /><br />But we 've got some dissent in those ranks . First is Snidely Whiplash villain Roy D'Arcy who murders the Buddhist monk who has the secret and second is Dean Jagger . Power is the ultimate aphrodisiac as we all know and he 's determined to woo Dorothy Stone away from rival Robert Noland.<br /><br />I think you 've got some idea how this comes out , especially since a race of zombies did n't conquer the world for one country . Dean Jagger as he got the Oscar for Twelve O'Clock High must have shuddered every time he thought about this film and the awful dialog he tried to give a spark of sincerity to.<br /><br />Moral of the story , you might make an ultimate warrior with the zombie potion and the zombie chant , but you ca n't make an ultimate love slave .
0 Wimpy stuffed shirt Armand Louque ( blandly played by veteran character actor Dean Jagger in a rare lead role ) joins a group of researchers who want to find and destroy the secret technique of creating zombies . Armand falls for the lovely Claire Duval ( fetching blonde Dorothy Stone ) , who uses the meek sap to get Armand 's colleague Clifford Grayson ( the hopelessly wooden Robert Noland ) to marry her . Furious over being used and spurned by Claire , Armand uses his knowledge of voodoo to get revenge . Sound exciting ? Well , it sure ai n't . For starters , Victor Halperin 's static ( non)direction lets the meandering and uneventful talk - ridden story plod along at an excruciatingly slow pace . Worse yet , Halperin crucially fails to bring any tension , atmosphere and momentum to the hideously tedious proceedings . The mostly blah acting from a largely insipid cast does n't help matters any ; only George Cleveland as the hearty General Duval and E. Alyn Warren as the irascible Dr. Trevissant manage to enliven things a bit with their welcome and refreshing hammy histrionics . The drippy stock film library score , the painfully obvious stagebound sets , and the crude cinematography are pretty lousy and unimpressive as well . In fact , this feeble excuse for a fright feature is so crummy that not even the uncredited starkly staring eyes of the great Bela Lugosi can alleviate the brain - numbing boredom . A dismally dull dud .
0 This is not really a zombie film , if we 're defining zombies as the dead walking around . Here the protagonist , Armand Louque ( played by an unbelievably young Dean Jagger ) , gains control of a method to create zombies , though in fact , his ' method ' is to mentally project his thoughts and control other living people 's minds turning them into hypnotized slaves . This is an interesting concept for a movie , and was done much more effectively by Fritz Lang in his series of ' Dr. Mabuse ' films , including ' Dr. Mabuse the Gambler ' ( 1922 ) and ' The Testament of Dr. Mabuse ' ( 1933 ) . Here it is unfortunately subordinated to his quest to regain the love of his former fiancée , Claire Duvall ( played by the Anne Heche look alike with a bad hairdo , Dorothy Stone ) which is really the major theme.<br /><br />The movie has an intriguing beginning , as Louque is sent on a military archaeological expedition to Cambodia to end the cult of zombies that came from there . At some type of compound ( where we get great 30s sets and clothes ) he announces his engagement to Claire , and then barely five minutes later , she gives him back his ring declaring her love for his pal , Clifford Greyson ( Robert Noland ) . It 's unintentionally funny the way they talk to each other without making eye contact . This would have been a great movie for ' Mystery Science Theater 3000 ' , if they had n't already roasted it.<br /><br />It 's never shown how Louque actually learns the ' zombification ' secret , but he then uses it to kill his enemies , create a giant army of rifle carrying soldiers and body guards . We wo n't see such sheer force of will until John Agar in ' The Brain From Planet Arous ' ( 1957).<br /><br />Finally Claire consents to marry him if he will let Greyson live and return to America . Louque agrees , but actually turns him into one of his hypnotized slaves . On their wedding night he realizes that Claire will only begin to love him if he gives up his ' powers . ' To gain her love , he does so , causing the ' revolt ' of the title , in which all his slaves awaken and attack his compound and kill him . Greyson embraces Claire , and we seem to be at the end of a parable : " Whom the gods would destroy , they first make mad . " < br /><br />So really then , it 's not that bad of a film , despite the low IMDb rating it currently has . On repeated viewings ( ? ) one can see the artistry in the well formed script ! Dean Jagger had yet to develop into a good actor , and is almost unrecognizable in his youngness -- is that really his own hair ? We remember him more for his bald , old man roles in ' White Christmas ' ( 1954 ) , ' X The Unknown ' ( 1956 ) and ' King Creole ' ( 1958 ) . The story borrows a lot of its basic themes from the Halperin brothers better , earlier film ' White Zombie ' ( 1932 ) in which hapless Robert Frazier ( as Charles Beaumont ) uses ' zombification ' to win the love of Madge Bellamy ( as Madeline Parker).<br /><br />If you want real zombie movies ( of which there are hundreds ! ) I 'd start with ' White Zombie ' ( 1932 ) , ' King of the Zombies ' ( 1941 ) , ' I Walked with a Zombie ' ( 1943 ) , ' Night of the Living Dead ' ( 1968 ) , ' The Last Man on Earth ' ( 1964 ) and its two remakes . In the modern era of classy films , there are ' Horror Express ' ( 1972 ) , ' The Serpent and the Rainbow ' ( 1988 ) , ' 28 Days Later ' ( 2002 ) and its sequel , as well as many , many , others too numerous to mention.<br /><br />This one is not really a zombie film . Judging this movie on its own terms , it 's more of a semi - Gothic romance . As such it ranks a little below some of Universal 's bottom billed B horror movies of the late 30s and early 40s . So I 'll give it a 5 .
0 What ? You were not aware that Scooby - Doo battled zombies ? Well , you might also not be aware of this little film that was directed by Victor Halperin , who had also directed White Zombie four years earlier . That would probably make it the second zombie film made.<br /><br />No , do n't go looking for Dorothy Stone to expose her breasts as you would expect in most zombie films , and do n't even look for any brains being eaten . This is 1936 , you know.<br /><br />So , what you will see is typical of the period - lots of talking.<br /><br />You do get to see Dean Jagger ( Twelve O'Clock High ) and Bela Lugosi 's eyes , but that is about it . Zombies in Cambodia , indeed !
0 Revolt of the Zombies has no redeeming features . I 'm tired of people arguing that it 's not that bad , and that the effects must have packed more of a punch in 1936 . I suspect this is n't true : it 's not like IQ 's have risen sharply in the last 7 decades . The average viewer in 1936 was probably just as bored by this rubbish as the average viewer today . Why ? Just try watching the first scenes , and count the pauses between things happening , the awful choice of when to cut to close - up , the slapdash editing that seems to include an extra two seconds on every shot to pad out the running time . Pay attention to the utterly redundant dialogue : " I 'm going to make some tea / go outside / read my book now . " " Are you ? " " Yes , I am . " That sort of exchange happens several times . Normally I would love that , being a HUGE fan of bad movies , but watch the listless actors mumbling their trite and tedious lines , and all desire to laugh at the movie slowly fades away . This sort of disinterested , pot - boiling time - waster is far worse than energetic , imaginative mind - blowers like Plan Nine From Outer Space or Santa Claus Conquers The Martians . Those who claim that this is " better " than those more interesting movies have a backwards idea of entertainment . This movie is not bad in the sense that your jaw hangs open in astonishment : it 's bad in the sense that your eyes slowly close in boredom . Which is far worse .
0 I think the biggest failing something can have is to be boring . Bad is actually better than boring . This thing has no breath . It does have the interesting fact of taking place in Cambodia . How many American made films of the 30 's take place in Cambodia . Nevertheless , the conflict there is a little hard to figure out . Even the troop movements are a little confusing . What drags it to a resounding halt is the love story . Why those two guys are so totally transfixed on the dippy blonde I do n't know . I thought he should continue to use his Zombies ( such as they are ) and forget all about her . The movie just plods along . The perfect microcosm is where one of the principle characters follows a Cambodian priest through the water to get to the secret place where the hieroglyphics ( or whatever ) that explain how to turn people into zombies is kept . I thought they would never get there . One guy takes two steps . He stops . He looks around . The other guy hides behind some columns . He takes two steps . He stops . He looks around . The other guy hides behind some bushes . This is the movie in a nutshell . Then there is the bad acting and insipid dialogue . I actually have a lot of patience when it comes to B movies . This one is insufferable . By the way , a more apt title would be Revolt of the Hypnotized .
0 I 'm working my way through the Horror Classics 50 Movie Pack Collection and REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES is one of the movies in the set . I am watching them with my soon - to - be seven - year old daughter , which makes most of these movies a laugh riot.<br /><br />I had high hopes for REVOLT OF THE ZOMBIES , after watching White Zombie , which is really the precursor to so much that is the mainstay of zombies in cinema ( think Clive Barker 's Serpent and the Rainbow and James Bond 's Live and Let Die funeral scene , NOT Night of the Living Dead).<br /><br />However , even though the title includes the word " zombies , " it is little more than a love triangle , involving anthropologist Armand Louque , who is smitten with Claire Duval ; who in turn is taken with his companion Clifford Grayson . What a yawn - fest , my daughter fell asleep half - way through.<br /><br />I had a real hard time deciphering who these people worked for -- the allies or the axis ; but , I guess that does n't really matter.<br /><br />I was shocked to see Bela Lugosi in the credits for this movie ; but , of course those were his eyes ( from White Zombie ) serving as the mind - control device for the zombies .
0 Before the release of George Romero 's genre - defining Night of the Living Dead , zombies were relatively well - behaved creatures . They certainly had much better table - manners in the old days . But social etiquette aside what thrills did these early zombies offer to the movie - going public ? Judging by this film , none whatsoever.<br /><br />The story is about an expedition to Cambodia , whose purpose is to find and destroy the secret of zombiefication . One of the party discovers the secrets on his own and sets about building his zombie army.<br /><br />This film is basically a love triangle with zombies . But seeing as this is a 30 's movie , the said zombies are more like somnambulists than the flesh - eating variety we think of today . They seem to respond to mind - control , rather than insatiable appetites . And , quite frankly , the ' revolt ' is somewhat underwhelming too . The whole thing is really very dull . Aside from the lack of horror , there is n't any over - the - top melodramatic theatrics to keep us entertained . It seems unlikely that this could 've provided much entertainment even 70 years ago . See it if you have to see everything with ' zombie ' in the title but otherwise I would advise skipping this one .
0 The Revolt of the Zombies is not the worst movie I 've ever seen , but it is pretty far down on the list . When an expedition is sent to Cambodia to discover the trick to making zombies after World War I , one of the members decides to use the knowledge for his own evil ambitions . And he succeeds , at least at first . A love triangle complicates the story some.<br /><br />This really was a tedious movie , with horrible acting that made it difficult to tell who were zombies and who were n't . The dialog was little better and the plot was unbelievable ( not the zombie part of it but parts related to the " romance " ) . And while I am not any student or expert on cinematography , the camera work did n't seem to help the film much either.<br /><br />While I have seen a few movies that are worse , this is unlikely to please anyone . It 's bad , and NOT in a so - bad - that - it - is - good kind of way .
0 " After World War I , an expedition representing the Allied countries is sent to Cambodia to stop the efforts of Count Mazovia in creating a zombie like army of soldiers and laborers . Hoping to prevent a possible outbreak of war due to Mazovia 's actions , the group presses through the jungle to Angkor Wat in spite of the perils . The group includes Armand who has his own agenda contrary to the group 's wishes , " according to the DVD sleeve 's synopsis . < br /><br />Heads up ! the zombie make - up department revolted before the cameras started to roll . < br /><br />Also , this " Revolt of the Zombies " has little to do with its supposed predecessor " White Zombie " ( 1932 ) * * * * * , which starred Bela Lugosi . If that film 's zombies did n't thrill you , this one 's certainly wo n't . A younger - than - usual Dean Jagger ( as Armand Louque ) stars as a man obsessive with blonde Dorothy Stone ( as Claire Duval ) . A couple supporting performances are good : devilish Roy D'Arcy ( as Mazovia ) and subservient Teru Shimada ( as Buna ) ; however , neither are given enough material to really pull this one out of the dumps.<br /><br / > * * Revolt of the Zombies ( 1936 ) Victor Halperin ~ Dean Jagger , Dorothy Stone , Roy D'Arcy
0 Of the many problems with this film , the worst is continuity ; and re - editing it on VHS for a college cable channel many years ago , I tried to figure out what exactly went wrong . What seems to have happened is that they actually constructed a much longer film and then chopped it down for standard theatrical viewing . How much longer ? to fill in all the holes in the plot as we have it would require about three more hours of narrative and character development - especially given the fact that the film we do have is just so slow and takes itself just so seriously.<br /><br />That 's staggering ; what could the Halperins have possibly been trying to accomplish here ? Their previous film , " White Zombie " , was a successful low budget attempt to duplicate the early Universal Studios monster films ( The Mummy , Dracula , etc . ) , and as such stuck pretty close to the zombie mythology that those in North America would know from popular magazines.<br /><br />Revolt of the Zombies , to the contrary , appears to have been intended as some allegory for the politics of modern war . This would not only explain the opening , and the change of Dean Jagger 's character into a megalomaniac , but it also explains why the zombies do n't actually do much in the film , besides stand around , look frightening , and wait for orders - they 're just allegorical soldiers , not the undead cannibals we 've all come to love and loathe in zombie films.<br /><br />I am the equal to any in my dislike for modern war and its politics - but I think a film ought to be entertaining first , and only later , maybe , educational . And definitely - a film about zombies ought to be about zombies.<br /><br />Truly one of the most bizarre films in Hollywood history , but not one I can recommend , even for historic value .
0 Revolt of the Zombies starts with Armand Louque ( Dean Jagger ) trying to convince General Duval ( George Cleveland ) that his mate Tsiang ( William Crowell ) is a priest who has the power to hypnotise people & render them under his control turning them into mindless zombies ( a bit like the people I work with really ) . Anyway , Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia ( Roy D'Arcy ) but fails to gain the knowledge of turning people into zombies . An expedition has been set up by General Duval to hunt for the secret since Tsiang ai n't going to tell them much anymore . General Duval heads the expedition along with his daughter Claire ( Dorothy Stone ) who is engaged to Louque who also comes along . During the expedition Claire dumps Louque for his mate Clifford Grayson ( Robert Noland ) at which Louque is n't too pleased about . In a way that could only happen in a film Louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies by himself & starts to use his new found power to gain revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co - written & directed by Victor Halperin Revolt of the Zombies has a bad reputation & after watching it I can see why . The script by Halperin , Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd all uncredited , has a good central idea but is killed stone cold dead by being dull & as exciting as watching paint dry . Nothing much happens for ages & then nothing much happens afterwards either . How Halperin depicts his zombies is different to that which most modern audiences would consider to be a zombie , these zombies are just brainwashed people & filmgoing audiences would have to wait over thirty years before George A.Romero would define what a zombie is now thought as in Night of the Living Dead ( 1968 ) . At only about an hour in length Revolt of the Zombies still feels too long . Technically the film is OK considering it was made 70 years ago , the black & white cinematography is adequate although some of the scenes look like they were shot against a photo of the background location . The acting is wooden & largely unimpressive . Revolt of the Zombies might have been hot stuff in 1936 but it has n't dated well & in 2005 it 's an absolute chore to sit through . I believe the film is now public domain as it turns up on lots of ultra cheap DVD compilations & budget labels , but it 's still not worth watching no matter how cheap you can get it for .
0 With this movie only running 61 minutes and nothing all that good on television , I decided to pop Revolt of the Zombies into the DVD to pass the time . Even while realizing the era from which it was coming , I was sorely disappointed . It started with the oddly upbeat quality of the opening score ( what - no brooding music ? ) and then the rather slow moving opening sequences . Gosh , I figured a movie about zombies - even from the 1930s - would have SOME chills to it ( White Zombie , with Bela Lugosi , certainly did ) but this had none . Zero . It was scarcely even dramatic ( except for the few moments with the burning eyes superimposed on the film to indicate the mesmerization of someone ) . Like the equally dull King of the Zombies , this movie may be an interesting curiosity to own , but nothing more .
0 Revolt of the Zombies is BAD . There is nothing remotely entertaining about the movie . It is dull , lifeless , poorly acted , and poorly scripted . I 've often complained that the original Dracula is a little slow for my taste , well this movie makes Dracula look like a roller coaster ride . The 65 minute running time seemed like 165 minutes.<br /><br />The story : An expedition is sent to Cambodia to find the secrets of mind control through " zombification " . One man finds the secret and uses it to make the woman he loves marry him . Once this happens , he releases the zombies under his control to horrific consequences . That 's it . That 's the whole story.<br /><br />For most of the movie , I was trying to figure out where I had seen the male lead . He looked so familiar . I had plenty of time to think this over . Nothing was happening in the movie . Just before the " zombies revolted " , it hit me . It was Dean Jagger . I had seen him recently as the General in White Christmas . This is how I " entertained " myself throughout most of the movie.<br /><br />I'm just glad I did n't buy the DVD for this movie . King of the Zombies is on the other side and it 's a masterpiece of film making compared with this movie . For what it 's worth , I 'll give it a 2/10 . ( I wo n't go to 1/10 because , believe it or not , I 've seen worse . )
0 Knowing how old a film is , ought to prepare the viewer for a few things , and , with those things in mind , perhaps the movie'll be more tolerable . So it was when I watched Revolt of the Zombies . The heavy reliance on tedious dialogue and corny movements should be expected , as should the primitiveness ( or absence ) of special effects in those days . A great deal is asked from the imagination of the onlooker - maybe too much , in this case . And the plot is n't easy to follow : Some zombiefied southeast Asian soldiers in WWI performed very admirably . Although skeptical as to why , if true , the explanation should stay out of the wrong hands , so , off goes a group to archaeologically investigate . The key to long - distance hypnosis is learned by a member of the expedition , who uses it to , among other purposes , temporarily dispense with the beau of the gal for whom he has the hots . To prove his love for her , he gives up his hold on everybody , which he should n't have done 'cause , once they 're all unzombiefied , many want to kill him so that he 'll never control them again . Below average , even with precautionary forethought . Recommended for only the extremely patient .
0 The problem with family dramas is that , outside of TV movies on channels like Lifetime , most people do n't want to watch them . And the ones that do get watched tend to be sensationalized and about current or topical problems or issues in the news ( or recent news ) . Movies that explain or explore the human condition are n't popular . Particularly with the young crowd that would be Miss Lohan 's fan base or the younger crowd that tends to make movies not simply popular but financially successful for studios.<br /><br />The specific problems I had with this movie is the cartoonishness of some of the characterizations . It was a bit much to blame all of the Lohan 's character 's acting - out ( wrecking the car , drug use , etc . ) on what her step - father did to her . While not improbable , it 's just a bit much to expect the audience to swallow . Additionally , other aspects , such as her giving the young Morman boy , oral sex , or that she would actually make a good assistant to the vet , who coincidentally happens to have a thing for her mother , etc . , all these elements just did not really help this movie along . It placed it more in the element of a situation comedy trying one of their " special dramatic episodes " then it did for a fully realized , well - written feature film.<br /><br />When you watch the DVD and listen to the commentary , particularly for the various alternate endings , you can really see all of this is sharp focus .
0 I disliked this movie for numerous reasons . Within the first ten minutes of the film , I grew extremely disappointed and came to the conclusion that if this movie was going to salvage itself , for me at least , that it was going to have to pull itself out of the enormous hole it had dug . Unfortunately , that did not occur . The two draws of the movie for me were to see Jane Fonda and Felicity Huffman . I do n't know enough about Lindsey Lohan 's work to have been interested in what she would bring to the film . Afterward , I just felt disappointed in and for all three of them even though there were " moments " in each of their performances . I imagine that for each of them to find their " moments " was a very difficult task given the fact that there was an amazing lack of character development and uninspired dialog . Although the plot is an interesting one , the movie on the whole is so poorly written , directed and edited that anybody 's performance as an actor would suffer and be tainted by it . The disrespectful way in which it dealt with sexual abuse and the trite and insulting viewpoint of small - town America , I think , were the two main reasons why this film failed in hitting it 's mark . As one reviewer has noted and I would agree , the movie is almost impossible to market given it 's finished form . I suspect that , or at least hope that ( for the actor 's sakes anyway ) there are some real gems on the cutting room floor . Sad for us but if that 's true then the actors can take solace in that and feel somewhat good about lending their talents and time to such a flop . Oh yeah and another thing ... I wished for just once I could go see an American movie which included the sadly disappearing but wonderfully bucolic settings such as the one in this film where the main characters were n't absentmindedly and/or disrespectfully littering the country side with pop cans , smashed CDs and , other such trash !
0 Georgia Rule has got to be one of - if not the worst movie I have ever seen in my life . The whole movie has a very surreal feel that made me gasp , " what ? " out loud at least 7 - 10 times throughout its grueling two hour course.<br /><br />Advertised in its trailer as a movie about three generations of women - Jane Fonda as the matriarch , Felicity Huffman as her daughter , and Lindsay Lohan as the rebellious , over- sexed , scantily clad grand - daughter , the viewer thinks this will be a cliché , light , chick - flick about growing up and coming together as a family.<br /><br />Talk about false advertisement at it worst.<br /><br />After many shots of animals doing " funny " things in the background of " pivotal " scenes and not to mention a whole five minutes focusing on an old woman who comes into a doctor 's office weekly to have her diaper changed , or the fact that this movie is actually about Lindsay Lohan 's character being sexually abused by her step - father , Georgia Rule creates its own genre of cinema : The ungrounded , horribly acted , inappropriate comedy dealing with extremely serious issues in the most awkward , surreal , strange way . If Garry Marshall wanted this movie to be a drama / comedy , then he should have watched The Royal Tenenbaums . Sideways . Junebug . And so on . And so on.<br /><br />The only way I feel I can get a reader to understand the horrific genre that Georgia Rule falls under is to create a hypothetical situation . Say that the movie , The 40 Year Old Virgin , was about the main character being celibate because he was sexually molested as a child . But instead of having the movie take a more dramatic turn , belly laughs and comedy would ensue , with all of the characters ' reactions being that of fake , lifeless , human beings pretending to care . < br /><br />Throw in a yellow parakeet , Dermot Mulroney as the flattest , most non - dimensional character that could have been cut completely out of this poorly written script , along with a male character who throws away all of his religious beliefs and morals to be with a trashy , too - tanned girl who shares none of the same interests as he , as well as an an unnecessary car chase scene , unreal moments of characters trying to relate to each other , and you 've got Georgia Rule.<br /><br />I found this movie to be an insult to any of those people out there who are struggling filmmakers , screenwriters , actors , editors , etc .. who have a lot more talent and are n't getting noticed.<br /><br />Don't see this movie : my rule . < br /><br />And if you must , get sufficiently drunk before hand .
0 I have been searching for the right words to describe this film . At first I was inclined to simply skip to more significant matters , as the film does not rise to a level deserving comment.<br /><br />Yet , I stopped , puzzled as to how to describe such stuff and somewhat intrigued by the challenge presented by the question : " What can one say about such a film ? " Rubbish ? No , its not rubbish , rubbish can be recycled into something useful . Greenhouse gas ? No , its not greenhouse gas , greenhouse gases help plants grow large and healthy.<br /><br />Finally , I struck on " Not even bad , " a rework of the phrase " Not even wrong " used sometimes in theoretical physics to describe a theory that is hopelessly flawed and not even worthy of correction . That 's it then , Georgia Rule : Not even bad .
0 I just came from seeing this movie and decided to see what others thought of it . I 'm left wondering if these people who give glowing reviews saw the same film ! This is potentially a very good story , but it fails to hit the mark . The script is very weak - the plot has so many holes that it would make a great dip net for the fishing scenes . The characters were not well developed and the storyline jumps around so much that I found myself asking the question " How did we get here ? " at least a half dozen times during the movie.<br /><br />There was a lack of any chemistry between the cast members . This is probably related to Lindsay Lohan 's antics during the filming . It was pretty clear that everyone showed up and did their job , but did n't commit to their roles.<br /><br />This is not a movie worth seeing ... go for a walk , play a board game , take a nice warm bath and save your money for something that 's worth it !
0 This movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy . It is an extreme tragedy . It left me sick to my stomach . I hated it . I think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer . I would not have seen this movie if I would have known . I think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie . I am tired of it . I really wanted to have a fun comedy and I am extremely disappointed . It has been several days now and I still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie . I have never been more disappointed in a movie , nor have I ever written a comment on a bad movie . I really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie , no one would have seen it .
0 Okay , so the previews to this film only tells you that a rebellious young girl goes to live with her grandmother for the summer in order to straighten out . That is actually not the case ! It 's about a young rebellious 17 year old girl who reveals a secret and it 's up to her mother to believe if she 's telling the truth or not.<br /><br />To be honest , I really enjoyed the concept of this movie . They had a really good plot and a really good theme of a love / hate relationship between mother and daughter . I did not however , enjoyed watching Lindsay Lohan 's acting . In reality , this movie would have been GREAT if they had someone else , perhaps a better actress . The character of Rachel ( Lohan ) is a very sexually aggressive person and it sort of reminds us of the real Lindsay so it takes away a lot from the film.<br /><br />I do however , think that if you put Lindsay aside , you will enjoy this film . The ending is pretty great ( and sad ) .
0 I have n't seen this , & do n't plan to see this movie or any other that includes Lindsay ...... unless & until " poor little rich girl " straightens out her life for a 2 year period beginning with her most recent arrest in July 2007.<br /><br />In fact , I do n't know anyone that has gone to see ANY of Lindsay 's recent movies . I rather imagine 2007 will be the high water mark in her movie making career , until she cleans up her act . All of the recent publicity has only hindered her movie making career , if she has any further aspirations to make any more movies < br /><br />Up to this time , movie producers have actively sought Lindsay for roles in their upcoming production . Now , Lindsay will probably have to go to auditions & actually compete for ANY role . Her reputation is currently " poison " & quite possible could have a negative effect on box office ticket sales on any movie she is in.<br /><br />Sooooo .... now Lindsay is going to have to deal with " not being wanted" ..... is she going to be able to handle this?<br /><br />I wonder if even Jay Leno will want to have Lindsay back on his TV Show?<br /><br />All of the foregoing is merely my OPINION . I have no inside information .
0 I 'm only rating this film as a 3 out of pity because it attempts to be worthwhile . I love to praise a great movie and I 'm not biased toward " male " movies . Legally blonde was an excellent film . Georgia Rule on the other hand , was a disorganized , weak , poorly written , unrealistic example of movie making at its worst . by the end of the film I did n't care who was lying or if anything was resolved . < br /><br />The most important thing in a film is a good STORY . This story is weak and never develops ( just because the subject matter is deep , does n't mean the story is good ) . A good story has dynamic characters . A dynamic character is one that experiences a major character change , and is primed for that change over the course of the movie . In Georgia Rule , the character changes were abrupt and undeveloped . Secondly , there were too many ATTEMPTED dynamic characters . Pulling off a really good dynamic character is a tough job and takes time ( you 've only got a couple hours in a movie ) . That means that too many attempted dynamic characters will get too little attention to their personal change . Even if I ignore the poorly written story , and the litter of weak dynamic characters , I ca n't even say I liked anyone . Every character was a mess . That 's fine if your're writing American Beauty but not when you 're attempting a dramatic comedy . Georgia was a horrible mother , her daughter was a horrible mother and daughter , and Lohan was a horrible excuse for a human being ( no I 'm not cutting her any slack because she was molested , crap happens to everyone and we 're all responsible for our own actions ) . The " Dudley Do Right " Mormon kid should have had the guts not to compromise his religion and commitments ... and Simon , I mean seriously , what kind of guy lets a 17 year old girl who 's been molested just stay over occasionally ( unless he 's an actor or a politician ) . This movie is worth watching if you want to remind yourself what good movie making is NOT !
0 I am uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy . Attempting to be a new millennium cross - hybrid between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides , this film ends up being an erratic mess shifting so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seems off . The main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between Garry Marshall 's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus ' dark , rather confusing screenplay . The story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother Lilly and daughter Rachel , who have driven all the way from San Francisco to small - town Hull , Idaho where grandmother Georgia lives . The idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under Georgia 's taskmaster jurisdiction replete with her draconian rules since the young 17-year old has become an incorrigible hellion.<br /><br />The set - up is clear enough , but the characters are made to shift quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contrived contours of the storyline . It veers haphazardly through issues of alcoholism , child molestation and dysfunctional families until it settles into its pat resolution . The three actresses at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions but to varying degrees . Probably due to her off - screen reputation and her scratchy smoker 's voice , Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel 's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable , although she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give a reason for her hedonistic behavior . Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two strident notes - as a petulant , resentful daughter to a mother who never got close to her and as an angry , alcoholic mother who starts to recognize her own accountability in her daughter 's state of mind . She does what she can with the role on both fronts , but her efforts never add up to a flesh - and - blood human being.<br /><br />At close to seventy , Jane Fonda looks great , even as weather - beaten as she is here , and has the star presence to get away with the cartoon - like dimensions of the flinty Georgia . The problem I have with Fonda 's casting is that the legendary actress deserves far more than a series of one - liners and maternal stares . Between this and 2005 's execrable Monster - in - Law , it does make one wonder if her best work is behind her . It should come as no surprise that the actresses ' male counterparts are completely overshadowed . Garrett Hedlund looks a little too surfer - dude as the naïve Harlan , a devout Mormon whose sudden love for Rachel could delay his two - year missionary stint . Cary Elwes plays on a familiar suspicious note as Lilly 's husband , an unfortunate case where predictable casting appears to telegraph the movie 's ending.<br /><br />There is also the omnipresent Dermot Mulroney in the morose triple - play role of the wounded widower , Lilly 's former flame and Rachel 's new boss as town veterinarian Dr. Simon Ward . Laurie Metcalf has a barely - there role as Simon 's sister Paula , while Marshall regular Hector Elizondo and songsmith Paul Williams show up in cameos . Some of Andrus ' dialogue is plain awful and the wavering seriocomic tone never settles on anything that feels right . There are several small extras with the 2007 DVD , none all too exciting . Marshall provides a commentary track that has plenty of his trademark laconic humor . There are several deleted scenes , including three variations on the ending , and a gag reel . A seven - minute making - of featurette is included , as well as the original theatrical trailer , a six - minute short spotlighting the three actresses and a five - minute tribute to Marshall .
0 There 's a lot of good that can be said for this cartoon ; the backgrounds are rich , lushly colored and full of nicely done art deco details . The animation is up to the usual studio standards of the time , which are unquestionably higher than those of the present day . However , I find it tedious for a number of reasons.<br /><br />The Music : It 's definitely not up to Scott Bradley 's usual standards . Although it 's probably supposed to be evocative of a " Great Gatsby " setting , it ends up being dreary , sleepy , repetitious AND monotonous ( repetitious and monotonous are not the same , as Beethoven 's 5th Symphony attests ) . Since most people ( including me ) tend to close their eyes when they yawn , there 's a lot of the visual part of the cartoon that will be missed by the average viewer.<br /><br />The Storyline : I 'm not giving away any secrets that are n't already in the plot summary - country good , city bad . This is a common theme in films , both animated and live , from this era . It 's a misplaced nostalgia for a nonexistent rural idyll , which , in the present day , is reflected in a similar nostalgia for " values " that never were .
0 I do n't know about you , but what I love about Tom and Jerry cartoons is the ( often violent ) interaction between the two characters . Mouse In Manhattan sees Jerry leaving Tom behind to have an adventure in New York , and as far as I am concerned , this one definitely suffers from a lack of cat!<br /><br />As magical as Jerry 's exploration of the ' Big Apple ' might be for the other T&J fans who have commented here on IMDb , I could n't wait for this self - indulgent rubbish to end , so I could watch the next cartoon on my DVD.<br /><br />In fact , the only part of the whole episode that I genuinely enjoyed was when Jerry almost ' buys the farm ' , hanging precariously off the end of a broken candle , hundreds of feet above a busy road .
0 I 've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death , that album , if it 's not his best , is usually prolific in some way and worthy of a listen at least . The album is usually good enough to cement a legacy . However , when it comes to comedians , especially mainstream comics who star in their own vehicles , their final movie is usually God awful . John Belushi had " Neighbors " , John Candy had " Wagon 's East " , Chris Farley had " Almost Heroes " , Phil Hartman had " Small Soldiers " , and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie.<br /><br />"Back By Midnight " , although it may not have been Dangerfield 's very last film , is weak in every sense of the word . It wrapped filming in 2002 according to this website , and it 's safe to say that it would have stayed on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive . I have been a big fan of Dangerfield 's since I was in my early teens , and it pains me to see how rotten this film was.<br /><br />What amazes me the most is that a number of other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with . Dangerfield , a great comedian who usually played his comic persona on film , is a prison warden who houses a close knit group of inmates . When the owner of the prison , Colonel - Tom - Parker - meets - Sam - Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood ( Randy Quaid ) , cuts funding for the prison , the warden sends a group of inmates to break out of prison , rob Rockwood 's eponymous convenience stores of consumer goods , and break back into prison with the loot . By taking what 's in the convenience stores , they are ( I guess ) taking what they believe Rockwood owes them.<br /><br />With this flimsy premise , the movie sputters and stalls frequently . On top of that , the jokes that you think would be this movie 's salvation are not even close to funny , not even from Mr. No Respect himself . That is incredibly disappointing too , because you 'd expect a movie with Oscar - nominated ( ! ! ! ) Randy Quaid , Kirstie Alley , Gilbert Gottfried , Ed Begley Jr. , Yeardley Smith , and others to be at least a little bit funny . Instead , Quaid plays a character we 've seen before in countless other comedies , Alley plays a British heiress with an awful British accent ( could this movie not afford an actual British person ! ? ! ) , and every joke was poorly set up and poorly timed by virtually every member of this ensemble . It was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word.<br /><br />"Back By Midnight " was rated R mainly for language ( and one scene of nudity ) . The irony in this fact is that many of the jokes are so audience insulting that even kids ( if you edit out the language ) would walk out of this film . The physical gags are also incredibly predictable , especially when Alley 's pet monkey torments Quaid 's character . When the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on Quaid 's couch , who would n't know where that gag was going?<br /><br />Being a direct - to - video comedy , of course I did n't expect any Oscar - winning material on here . The truth is , though , Dangerfield has made some great , timeless comedies before . " Easy Money " and " Back To School " are hilarious still , and were definitely not Oscar - worthy in the slightest . However , there 's a difference between making a dumb comedy that 's funny , and making a dumb comedy . With the latter kind of comedy , it seems like the filmmakers do n't even try , which is precisely the case with this lame excuse for a wasted 90 minutes . Rest in Peace , Rodney , but add this film to your batch of forgettable comedies like " Meet Wally Sparks " ( 1997 ) and " The Godson " ( 1999 ) . This film , dare I say it , is not even worth seeing .
0 Put a DVD of this flick in a time capsule , and it will definitely illustrate for future generations a perfect example of one which warrants the minimal rating on a 1-to-10-star scale.<br /><br />Bill Cosby and Ray Romano have been at the top - in ratings and with tens of millions in earnings annually - with their television series ' . Yet each has had no success in big - screen offerings . This has also been true for other TV personalities - perhaps because many of the stories which are presented for two hours or so seem more suited to either a 10-minute skit , or at most , the 22 or 23 minutes of drama during a half - hour program.<br /><br />This film , however , does n't have one single element which would warrant two or three minutes of time on MAD TV , SNL , or anywhere else on a screen or stage.<br /><br />Its origination date is listed as 2002 , but release date - to DVD only - is shown as 2004 . It also was filmed not long before Rodney Dangerfield 's death , so its one redeeming value is that it probably provided at lease a few hundred thousand more dollars for his heirs.<br /><br />I'd never heard of it , but found it when turning - on my set , and frankly became fascinated by it . Some movies are so truly awful that they rate a sort of top rating in reverse - so bad that you can move the dial backwards to a 9 or 10 . " Plan 9 from Outer Space " is the best example - and the Bruce Jenner / Village People opus , " Ca n't Stop the Music , " is another.<br /><br />Unfortunately this flick falls short even there . Even if Rodney 's earlier work ( as well as some of his fellow cast - members ' ) fell short of " Citizen Kane " or " Casablanca , " there were many moments of humor and a story providing at least a modicum of interest.<br /><br />Unfortunately , this presentation does n't seem to possess even a minute or two 's worth of such material .
0 I must agree with the very first comment : this movie sucks very , very hard . Despite having a very big B - list cast , the cover of this film ( for those who are n't watching it on Comedy Central during a weekday which is probably the only exposure this film will ever get ) tries to put the blame on Dangerfield but in reality is just a paycheck for every has - been comedian from the ' 80s . Randy Quaid ? Check . Ed Begley , Jr ? Check . The voice of Lisa Simpson ? She can now say that Maximum Overdrive was n't her only horrible flick : double check . And so many , many others.<br /><br />The saddest thing about this flick is that it was so lazily written with already - told jokes . Nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny . You 're better off watching paint dry . This is definitely direct - to - video scraping - the - bottom - of - the - barrel stuff that still believes in the old video adage : throw an old - time star on the cover and you 'll get some money back off of the rental . Considering the days of video rental are changing , consider this one of the last examples of putting out garbage.<br /><br />The only use this movie has if you 're having trouble falling asleep . It 'll get you there .
0 Rodney Dangerfield is n't the main character of this movie . He 's barely in it . Most of the screen time is dominated by unfunny jokes . One running gag is that a character is named Jerk Off . There are also lots of erection jokes , where the punch line is someone has an erection . This movie is as funny as Kirstie Ally 's British accent is convincing.<br /><br />This movie started off like a weak action movie : five minutes of back story and then bam ! Unfunny jokes . But , aside from the terrible writing , the movie is also poorly directed and the acting is terrible . Also , this movie does the old bad comedy cliché of having lots of well - known B - movie actors . Harland Williams , Gilbert Godfried , Randy Quaid , and Phil La Mar. These are just some of the people that spend more time on the screen than Rodney , even though he 's billed as the main character . Do n't be surprised to find this movie at a drug store selling for five bucks . Even that is too much .
0 When I was a kid in the 50 's and 60 's anything connected with Disney was by definition great . What happened ? They are able to get any actors and actresses they want , the best of their time . But somehow Disney manages to screw things up in spite of their abundant resources.<br /><br />Disney can afford the best writers , the best producers and directors , but still ... they screw things up ! This movie is crap . The sad thing is that I suspect Disney in their arrogance does not even know when a movie is good or bad.<br /><br />It is only due to the talent of the actors that I can even give it a 3 of 10 .
0 Tim ( Gary Daniels ) wants desperately to break into serious television reporting . When a job he begged for goes awry , he is fired . His beautiful but empty girlfriend ( Elizabeth Hurley ) says sayonara , too . Coming home , Tim is startled to discover his house has an uninvited visitor ( Christopher Lloyd ) from the planet Mars ! Calling him Uncle Martin , Tim soon tries to help his new friend navigate life on earth . But , Martin gets in trouble wherever he goes , from the bathroom to the laundry room and more . Lovely Lizzie ( Daryl Hannah ) finally sees an opportunity to make time with Tim but the course of true love does not run smooth in this case , either . Soon everyone in television is stalking Tim , hoping for a story about a true alien . What 's a man to do ? For those who loved the old television show of the same name , with Bill Bixby and Ray Walston , this film is not worthy to tie the proverbial boots . Its truly , undeniably awful , with no plot and a reliance on supposed special effects which fall flat , too . Daniels is okay as the earthling but Lloyd is simply terrible as the alien , overacting up a storm . The rest of the cast is adequate , as are the costumes , set , and production details . Even if your children see the cover and beg for this film , convince them to pick out another flick at the video store . Be assured , kids and adults will find this movie a colossal bore , so opt for A Night at the Museum or Around the World in 80 Days instead .
0 This was yet another big screen outing for a US TV show from the sixties It is amusing enough but was very much to formula . Intelligent Martian lands on Earth and meets the not too bright humans , in his view.<br /><br />The usual wackiness ensues with the human , Bridges , eventually bonds with him and helps him to get home . Along the way he also gets the girl , Hannah.<br /><br />This is a nice outing for some pleasant Hollywood stars who I had not seen for a while.<br /><br />Pleasant enough to pass some spare time if you have not got anything better to view .
0 We went into this movie because my husband had enjoyed the original version of ` My favourite Martian ' . We had our 6 year old daughter with us . She wanted to leave halfway through the movie which was fine with both her parents ! The parts we did see were only occasionally humorous , mostly either too silly or gross . I would expect that this movie might appeal to kids between 9 - 12 , if that . It 's definitely not suited for younger children . From what I 've heard the original series was by far superior and if you are going to " relive the past " you 'll probably be disappointed .
0 Shazbot , is this embarrassing . In fact , here 's a list of 100 that makes up the embarrassment : 1 . ) a failed comeback for Christopher Lloyd . 2 . ) Jeff Daniels basically playing the same role he played in the live 101 Dalmatians remake which was n't too juicy to begin with . He sure has a funny way of promoting his Purple Rose Theatre ... 3 . ) Disnefluff . 4 . ) another disappointing reminder that Wallace Shawn is to Disney what Jet Li was to Bob Hoskins in Unleashed . 5 . ) Ray Walston , the original martian from the TV series , played a bit part ( read " cameo " ) in this flick and died two years later of lupus . Coincidence ? 6 . ) awful special effects . Seriously - awful . 7.-100 . ) that damn talking , farting suit voiced to an annoying degree by Wayne Knight ( " Newman ! " ) . My favorite scene ? HA ! HA ha , ha ! Ha ha ha ha ha ... Whew ! ... Good one . You - You 're a joker . Okay , let 's wrap up this review with a moment of silence for this franchise 's agonizing death , and if you would like , you can say a quick prayer that Disney does n't forget this travesty and do something silly like a movie adaptation of " Mork and Mindy " starring Tim Allen .........................................................
0 There is no possible reason I can fathom why this movie was ever made.<br /><br />Why must Hollywood continue to crank out one horrible update of a classic after another ? ( Cases in point : Mister Magoo , The Avengers - awful ! ) < br /><br />Christopher Lloyd , whom I normally enjoy , was so miserably miscast in this role . His manic portrayal of our beloved " Uncle Martin " is so unspeakably unenjoyable to be almost criminal . His ranting , groaning , grimacing and histrionics provide us with no reason to care for his character except as some 1 dimensional cartoon character.<br /><br />The director must have thought that fast movements , screaming dialogue and " one - take " slapstick had some similarity to comedy . Apparently he told EVERY ACTOR to act as if they had red ants in their pants.<br /><br />Fault must lie with the irresponsibly wrought script . I think the writer used " It 's a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World " as an example of a fine comedy script . As manic as that 1963 classic is , it is far superior to this claptrap - in fact - suddenly it looks pretty good in comparison.<br /><br />What is most sad about this movie is that it must have apparently been written to appeal to young children . I just am not sure whose children it was made for . Certainly no self - respecting , card - carrying child I know!<br /><br />If they HAD to remake " My Favorite Martian " , why did n't they add some of the timeless charm of the original classic ? < br /><br />Unfortunately , IMDB.com can not factor in " zero " as a rating for its readers , that is the only rating that comes to mind in describing this travesty.<br /><br />One good thing did come from this movie , the actors and crew were paid - I think .
0 This is the third parody of the scary movies and hopefully the last . This time the spoof is mainly on The Ring , Signs and 8 Mile for some weird reason . In my opinion this movie was very pointless and unnecessary and not even funny . I laughed maybe three times and that is not enough for a comedy . I really enjoyed the first two but this one was just plain dumb . If your jokes consist of corpses getting beat up and people constantly throwing stuff at each other then this movie is for you . In my opinion , if your smart enough stay at home and save your money and please stop making these kind of movies , they just keep getting worse 3/10 .
0 You could say that the actors will make a movie , but this clearly proves that statement wrong . Most of the characters in this film lack anything to hold on to . They play the part of cardboard cut outs being moved about in predictable and uninteresting ways . The story is very simple . It could be summed up in a few words , but I 'll hold back in case anyone reading does want to see this film.<br /><br />I had to fast forward the parts where Jack showed us how to be an obnoxious eater . I 'd have to say that 70 % of this film revolved around cooking , eating , or getting ready to eat . Quite frankly , I 'd rather not spend my time watching Jack chew noisily with an open mouth . Personally , I could have done without the footwear references and jokes that pepper the first half of the film too.<br /><br />Outside of my own personal dementia , the film really lacked anything worth it 's time . There were countless scenes and camera shots that felt like it was dragging . When something happens , the reactions of the characters are vague and dry.<br /><br />Best not to look this one up .
0 The movie was watchable while Nicolson was on the screen . However , I had to fight against passing out from boredom when the film depended on Meryl Streep to carry scenes without Jack ; she was as bland as could be . The relationship between the characters was nothing special ; these characters have been portrayed before -- and much better . It felt like a based - on - real - life scenario in the absolute worst sense : 90 % of daily life is boring , and not worth writing about or watching . Why Ephron felt her life and relationship with Carl Bernstein was interesting enough to write about escapes me . Perhaps she wrote it as therapy -- for many writers , putting an episode from their life on paper is cathartic . Fine : but then why anyone in Hollywood felt this story was worth filming remains a mystery to me .
0 This should be a great film ... Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson co - starring as two newspaper writers . Mike Nichols directing . Uh uh . It 's dull dull dull ! Pointless and predictable ! Slow and unfocused!<br /><br />It 's a cookie cutter ' boy meets girl , boy marries girl , boy has affair , girl leaves boy ' story . Now there s an original concept ! After squirming through two hours ( was it only two ? It felt like six.)I was n't sure whether it was a comedy , a romance , a tragedy or a soap opera . It was done in 1986 . I 'm sure all of us did things sixteen years ago that we rather would forget . I hope the damage to the reputations of Streep et al is beginning to heal and that the emulsion on the master is beginning to fade . It 's not that it 's such a bad picture . It 's just that it 's such an un - good one .
0 I saw this film at its New York 's High Falls Film Festival screening as well and I must say that I found it a complete and awful bore . Although it was funny in some places , the only real laughs was that there appeared to be o real plot to talk about and the acting in some places was dreadful and wooden , especially the " Lovely Lady " and the voice of the narrator ( whom I have never heard of ) had a lot to be desired . J.C.Mac was , I felt , the redeeming feature of this film , true action and grit and ( out of the cast ) the only real acting . I am sure with another cast and a tighter reign on the directing , this could have been a half decent film . Let us just hope that it is not sent out on general release , or if you really want a copy , look in the bargain bin in Lidl .
0 I watched mask in the 80 's and it 's currently showing on Fox Kids in the UK ( very late at night ) . I remember thinking that it was kinda cool back in the day and had a couple of the toys too but watching it now bores me to tears . I never realised before of how tedious and bland this cartoon show really was . It 's just plain awful ! It is no where near in the same league as The Transformers , He - man or Thundercats and was very quickly forgot by nearly everyone once it stopped being made . I only watch it on Fox Kids because Ulysses 31 comes on straight after it ( that 's if mask does n't put me to sleep first ) . One of the lesser 80 's cartoons that i hope to completely forget about again once it finishes airing on Fox Kids !
0 ... though for a film that seems to be trying to market itself as a horror , there was a distinct lack of blood.<br /><br />There was also a distinct lack of skilled directing , acting , editing , and script - writing.<br /><br />Jeremy London put in one of most appalling performances I 've ever seen - his " descent into the maelström " of madness is achingly self - aware and clumsy . Oh look at him twitch ! Oh look at him drink strong spirits ! Oh look at him raise his brow , and cock his head at a jaunty angle ! Oh look at his unwashed , greasy dark hair ! Oh listen to his affectedly husky voice ! He must be a tortured artist / writer / genius ! Oh , yes , out comes the poet - shirt - it 's another boy who thinks he 's Byron . ( Or Poe . ) Oh for the love of ... did someone give this guy a manual on " How To Act Good " or did they just pull him out of a cardboard box somewhere , the defunct little plastic toy - prize in a discontinued brand of bargain - bin cereal . Okay , that was a stupid line - but that 's only because London 's performance has melted my brain with its awfulness.<br /><br />Katherine Heigl is cute , and very briar rose , but has yet to grow into her acting shoes in this film - she delivered her lines like she was being held up , in fact , her whole performance was very wooden , her poses as stiff as her lines - who knows , perhaps she was just reacting to , and trying to neutralise , Jeremy London 's flailing excesses , but if that 's the case , she takes it too far.<br /><br />Notable is Arie Verveen as Poe - while his character 's role is confused , he delivers the best performance of the piece . He , quite simply , looks right , but it 's more than that - he has some sort of depth , I believed that he had a life beyond the dismal two - dimensional quality of the rest of the characters . Huh , maybe it 's just because I like Poe , and could thus just let my mind wander and invent while he was on screen - whatever , he had an interest factor otherwise missing.<br /><br />The rest of the characters are a faceless blur - there are all the usual caricatures : the perky blonde best - friend who 's a bit of a floozy ; the smitten local cop who 's a bit of a dork ; the protective older man who perhaps has too much un - fatherly interest in our heroine ; the scheming old witch , etc . , etc . , yawn , yawn . < br /><br />As with the ' distinct lack of blood for a horror movie ' issue , none of the themes that they mention ( and that London 's character mentions - so scathingly - in his attack on Poe 's writing ) are followed through on . As another reviewer said - there was potential here : murder , incest , - genuinely shocking stuff , but instead they skirt away from the issues , and cut away from the violence ( a raised candlestick swinging through the air - closing in on it 's victim - then --- cut to black ! This is fine in a Noirish traditional horror , indeed , it 's expected , and is fondly received when it happens - it 's a dear convention , especially when accompanied by fake lightning bolts and intense Siouxie eye makeup - but in ' Descendant ' it just comes across as clumsy , or as though the editor got queasy at the last minute and cut it out . ) This could have either been a very tense psychological thriller - the horror of palingenesis / delusion / madness - or a simple ( and fun ) slasher movie : it tries to be both , or neither ( something new and exciting ! ) , but either way it fails dismally . The only horror element of this entire movie is it 's epic dullness.<br /><br />I think the editor ( if there was one at all ) must have been drunk when s / he chopped this thing up - there are awkwardly foreshortened scenes ; scenes that appeared to be out of order ( but that could have just been the poor script ) . LIkewise the director & cinematographer - there were some very strange shots and framing that I think were meant to be tributes to Hitchcock or Browning , but just ended up looking silly ( again , fine in a noir , but this was trying to be something else.)<br /><br />The whole thing perhaps may have been funny ( in that way that previous reviewers have mentioned - " OMG how did this get made ? ! ? " ) if I had been in the mood for some trash- bagging , unfortunately for me I had settled on the couch , with the lights down low , with the express intention of scaring myself silly - this is a very poor film , and I 'm afraid I ca n't recommend it to people , not even for laughs.<br /><br />Please , please , do n't waste your time or money on this - either borrow a real horror / thriller film , or find yourself a copy of Poe 's fantastical tales , either way , you 'll have a far more enjoyable and frightening night than you could ever hope to achieve with this rubbish .
0 I do n't usually comment , but there are things that need to be said . Where to start ... <br /><br />The acting , on Jeremy London 's part was horrible ! I did n't think he could be so bad . The plot could have been good , had it been well directed , along with a good solid performance from the lead actor . Unfortunately , this is one of those movies you read about and think it has great potential to be entertaining , but get disappointed from the start . < br /><br />Well , at least I got good laughs . I would n't waste my time if I were you .
0 The Film must have been shot in a day , there are scenes where you can see the camera reflections and its red pointer , even the scenery 's green light that blends with the actors!!!The plot and the lines are really awful without even the slightest inspiration(At least as a thriller genre movie).Everything that got to do with Poe in the movie , has a shallow and childish approach . The film is full of clise and no thrilling . If you want to watch a funny b - movie for a relaxing evening with friends then go for it you will enjoy it ( As I Did ) but there 's no way to take this film seriously !
0 actually , it was pretty funny ... in a " god , how the hell did this movie get made " kind of way . if you life making fun of movies ... which i kinda do ... go ahead and watch it ... but if you 're actually thinking " is this a good movie ? " eff off.<br /><br />this movie sucked from the very beginning scene with the worst acting i 've ever seen in any movie .... usually they get five minutes into it before you realize " this movie might suck " .. but no , you know right off the bat . this movie talks about edgar allen poe ... never tried to explain it though , to people who have n't memorized poe 's life story ... so i do n't know if any of what was said is fact.<br /><br />this movie is about a writer " ethan poe " hookin up with his cousin " ann " .... they 're both descendants of edgar allan poe ... or are they ? ! ? apparently , people give a what their ancestors did . this guy ethan poe is actually ethan " usher " , who is supposed to be descendants from the story " the house of usher " that was written by edgar allen poe . ann 's brother shows up sometimes to try to rape her ... ann 's also being stalked , at one point in the movie , by three different people on the same street ( seriously , three ... they 're like right behind her glaring at her and she does n't even realize ) . the characters that are being murdered throughout , show up at the end to try to save the day .... but they ca n't . at the end , ann shoots ethan while he 's trying to kill her best friend . of course , before she shoots him she has to scream out " nevermore ! " this movie should be seen nevermore !
0 This is surely one of the worst films ever made . Each scene is painful . You will groan at the flimsy attempts at humor , the awkward camera work , the sexism and racism , the ridiculous story line , the wooden acting . Poor Joan Bennett ; she is the only one in the movie who is not an embarrassment . In all , dreadful .
0 I have to say I hated this movie . I do n't like to say that because Gerard Butler is in it . About a half an hour of boring conversation , sorry to all who actually care about the plot , I started fast - forwarding to Gerry 's scenes . I really do n't know the ending , I was that bored with it . If Gerry was n't in it , I probably either done one of two things : fell asleep or turned it off , but Gerry is the bright light of this movie , as he is with most of his earlier movies . If you 're a fan of Gerry 's do n't worry , he 's as adorable and precious as he always is , but if you actually want to watch the movie for the plot , good luck because you 'll need it , either that or lots of coffee or soda to keep you awake ! < br /><br />4/10 ... and that 's just because the casting director had the sense to put Gerry in this movie , even though they had no idea of how to spell his name !
0 I love Zombie - Movies and I love amateur - productions . And Meat Market 2 starts really promising with a nice homage to Fulci´s Classic " Zombi".<br /><br />So I leaned back and waited to be impressed . Okay , some of the makeups are great for such a no budget movie and some actors ( the vampirelady and the cook ) really stand out , but else there´s nothing.<br /><br />I didn´t expect a new Romero here but there is not one sequence in the whole movie which has even a little bit of suspense or shock value . The director sure knows how to stage body rippings and interesting eating habits , but now ( after two parts ) it´s time to learn something more.<br /><br />In MeatMarket2 Gore rhymes with bore - for me that´s not enough - sorry.<br /><br / > * * out of * * * * *
0 About the worst movie in distribution right now ! I love zombie movies and saw this in the used rack so I thought why not ? Oh my god a shame to zombie movies and fans to the genre ! Whoever made this movie needs to put away your camcorder and go to film school ! There are so many gore hounds out there who have put time and effort into their films and they have something that this film does n't dignity . I know it what it takes to make films and I 'm sure there was a lot of money and time spent in making Meat Market but none of that money and time went in to making it good . You need actors , a script , a real camera , invest in some books on how to make independent films . I do n't know how you got a DVD release but whoever did that is either a really good friend or banging their head on the wall . In gore films it is quality not quantity , the effects are weak ! I was so angry that this is actually in stores and that I could n't get my money back . Please if you have seen this film write here and put an end to shlock . I know I 'm being very harsh , I only had 10 lines so I 'm trying to get to the point .
0 This film was the recipient of the 1990 Academy award for Best Animated Short Film . Over the last few weeks , I have seen dozens of the nominees and recipients of this award from the last 30 years and I really think that this film might just be the worst of them all -- yet it was n't just a nominee but it won ! ! I assume that 1989 must have just been a horrible year for the genre.<br /><br />The film shows a group of characters that look a bit like super - skinny Uncle Festers . The appear to be simple articulated figures who are moved using stop motion animation . All are identical -- with the same faces , bodies and clothes . The only difference is that each has a different number drawn on their backs . They are all standing on a large platform that is suspended , as if by magic , in space . Each has a pole and their is also a box on the platform . The platform begins tilting slightly and in response the men move about in an effort to balance the platform . This goes on and on and on and on for the longest time . The only relief from this tedium is when one of them acts rather nasty towards the end , but it just is n't enough to make this fun to watch in the least . Aside from passable stop motion animation , this short offers nothing of interest to me .... NOTHING.<br /><br />By the way , the great short KNICK KNACK also came out in 1989 and I have no idea why it was not among the nominees . It was a GREAT short and was far better than any of the nominees that year or the year before . Perhaps Pixar 's success in previous years resulted in a bias against them , but KNICK KNACK is so clever and so funny it seems almost criminal to have ignored it . Could Pixar have not entered it ? This seems unlikely .
0 This movie was horrible , simply put . It was so bad I registered with IMDb to warn you of its dangers.<br /><br />I am a campy horror film expert , per se . I have watched " Redneck Zombies " , " House of the Psychotic Women " , " Slumber Party Massacre II " and many others . I know my schlock . And I know this movie sucks.<br /><br />Three fourths of the film is comprised of scared individuals running from one side of the screen to the other . When they are not running , they are spouting non - sequitur lines , devoid of emotion or motivation . When the actors begin to be acceptable , the direction falls to pieces . There were so many jarring low - angle shots ; I figured Leif Jonker had a 3 foot tall tripod . He used what I call the " Leif Maneuver " several millions times : that is , zooming out from an object of interest like an amateur . Apparently the film crew could n't get up early enough to film a sunrise , so they filmed a sunset ... and played it in reverse . With direction this lazy , you are actually impressed with the final gory scene . The only thing you can figure is that the last five minutes was filmed before the first eighty - five minutes.<br /><br />If you want a good ( bad ) gory movie , rent " Riki - Oh " or the foundational " Dead Alive . " If you are a schlock buff , and are looking for a challenge , give " Darkness " a go.<br /><br />Quote o ' the movie-<br /><br />Vampire : It 's die time !
0 Yes , I know I 'm one of the few people longing to trample this movie into the dust of oblivion . So let me me tell you why I feel this way . In truth , had it been advertized as a Zombie film or the like , I might have enjoyed it . But right now , I'm totally speechless.<br /><br />*SPOILER ... Though I 'm not sure what 's to spoil * Let 's start with the first HUGE flaw . If I did not know that the movie is called " Darkness - The VAMPIRE Version " and had I not seen some sequences where some individuals seem to be sucking blood , I would not have seen the connection with Vampires . I mean , FANGLESS ? ? ? ? Give me a break!!!<br /><br />Second bad point : what 's with the Metal ? It appears that all young people , but mainly those so - called " vampires " , are into various kinds of Metal , judging mainly by their shirts ! Do n't get me wrong , I 've been into the more extreme forms of music for almost 15 years , but nobody 's going to scare me by showing me some ridiculous teenagers in Iron Maiden ( of all bands ! ! ! ) T - shirts running around , pretending to be Vampires ! " Pathetic " is the only only word that I could use here.<br /><br />Third weakness : the actors . Wait a minute . WHAT actors ? ! You mean the director 's wooden friends ! Words would be a waste here.<br /><br />Yes , alright , the movie is very gory , but what difference does that make ? It WOULD have been a strong point and something to enjoy if the " briliant " director had not chosen to create an ARTIFICIAL vampire topic in this movie . I wanted to see Vampires , but was treated to some stupid looking kids I would have loved to use my baseball bat on . The Film - makers should simply have advertized the movie saying " cheap B - grade horror with no plot but a lot of gore " ! ! ! < br /><br />This movie is blasphemy against the whole concept of Vampirism . And it makes me sick .
0 When I borrowed this movie from a friend ( thankfully I did not buy it ) on the package ( which truly looked bad and ugly ) was printed " The ultimate vampire horror " . After watching it I thought that the marketing campaign was probably more expensive than the film itself . The " story " begins when a teenager ( surprise ! ) is chased by some vampire / zombie - creatures.<br /><br />Lighting , sound and everything reminded me of my first attempt to make a holiday - video on a ten year old VHS - system if not worse . I gave the movie a 2 out of 10 and only because the promo - T - shirts looked kind of cool . I do n't want to dis ' film - students or splatter - movies generally but I 've seen Braindead and I 've seen a 20-dollar - budget movie from students that was ten times better than this crap .
0 < br /><br />I am a big - time horror / sci - fi fan regardless of budget , but after watching countless horror movies late night on cable and video , this has to be the worst of all movies . With bloody special effects ( what looked like a roast covered in fake blood or ketchup that kept being shown over and over again ) and people running around screaming from left , then to right , then back again . It should have stayed with the beginning convenience store scene and stopped there and been 15 minutes . Instead , it is dragged out very long . It is very , very x5 low budget . Many scenes were way , way too long . Narrator sounded very amateurish like a random person out of junior high was talking . This is the only movie to rate lower in my opinion than Manos , Red Zone Cuba , Benji , and Godzilla vs. megalon despite their higher budgets . 10 snoozes , try to stay awake through whole movie in one setting or better yet , avoid it like you would an undead brain - eating mob . The Why - Did - I - Ever - See - This - Piece - Of - Zombie - Dung - Blues . Epitome of nauseatingly bad made movies etc .. ad infinitum . -infinity/10
0 I found Darkness to be just too DARK . It had a kind of cool idea and some ambitious ideas , not bad action scenes and a few splashy moments to make you go UGH ! BUT , it was underlit to the point of confusion . You do n't really know what is always going on in the dark scenes and for a film that is shot on Super 8 Film , you already have all that nasty grain to deal with . As with Nathan Schiff movies , it 's just too much . Director Leif Jonker seems to want to make an original film , but he lacks the know - how to do it . The camera is never pointed in the right place , lack of fundamentals such as how to shoot simple dialogue scenes and how to light a movie hurt as well . The actors are all pretty uneven and hammy . But despite these negatives , the music is good , the gore is plenty and ranges from silly putty to really good appliances . Is this a classic like it says ? Is it worthy of the two discs worth of praise ? NO . But it is a good first try . Now if these guys would stop patting themselves on the back about this movie ( from what I understand here the only one they have ever finished ) for a while and try again , they may do better .
0 A small town is attacked by a horde of bloodthirsty vampires . The only hope is a lone avenger and a group of ragtag survivors.<br /><br />Released in 1993 , " Darkness " garnered something of a cult following upon release . It 's easy to see why - it 's loaded ( and I mean freaking loaded ) with gore , and it 's energy and enthusiasm , like that found in other no - budget cult horror flicks like " The Dead Next Door " and " The Children of Ravensback " , is actually rather infectious.<br /><br />While that may be true , that 's sadly not enough to save it . The film was shot on a Super 8 , so the image is grainy and dark , making things very difficult to see ( it would have been great if it had obscured the protagonists dreadful mullet . ) Also grating is the soundtrack , made up of annoying Casio Keyboard and even more annoying Death Metal ( seriously , what is it with these no budget horror flicks and bad Death Metal ? ) While one is n't expecting Oscar worthy performances , the acting is still strictly amateur hour , as the actors sometimes seem almost confused instead of frightened or threatened.<br /><br />In the end , I 'm sure fans of no - budget gorefests will love this . Everyone else though , will wish there was a little more meat on the ribs .
0 " Darkness " was entertaining to some degree , but it never seemed to have a plot , lacking one more so than other films that have been accused of this detriment ; i.e. " Bad Taste " . It started off really good , with a man running from something . It was very creepy for these first few minutes , but after a time the film just became entertaining on the level of gore , which was hard to make out at some points due to poor lighting and horrible recording quality anyway . The film was hard to believe because of the juvenile acting , which most of the time , seemed like some friends talking to a video camera , making lines up as they went . That , with a lack of any plot whatsoever , made it look like the film was started without , and ended without , a script of any kind . As said before , gore was this film 's only drawing point , which much of the time was hard to make out .
0 First of all , the actor they have to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half the actors they have playing Jews have blue eyes . Are n't there enough brown - eyed actors out there ? Jesus being depicted as having blue eyes is one of my pet peeves . He was a full - blooded Jew ! Second of all , what is it with old English - language movies that are supposed to take place in non - English - speaking countries , and everybody has English accents ? ( Another example is David Lean 's " Dr. Zhivago " . ) Are n't there enough either Jewish actors or actors who can do a Israeli accent ? The movie often is not true to the Scriptures , and so seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus 's claim to be the Messiah . In the bible , when Jesus is baptized by John , a voice comes from heaven saying " This is my beloved son , in whom I am well pleased " ( Matthew 3:17 , Mark 1:11 , Luke 3:22 ) . In the movie , John the Baptist says this ! The screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy , as well . For example , in the bible , the angel Gabriel tells Mary she will become pregnant with the Son of God ( Luke 1:26 - 38 ) , but in the movie , we do not see or hear any angel - Mary appears to be talking to a moonbeam , and when Mary 's mother hears her talking to someone and peeks in on her , she does n't hear or see anyone either . Also , in the movie , when Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees in the Temple in Jerusalem , he says , " You shall not see me here again , not until you learn to cry , ' Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord ' , for I and my father are one and the same . " The correct line ( Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35)is " You will not see me again until you say , ' Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord . ' " Period . Jesus never claimed to be God . The movie cuts out a lot of important parts ( the Sermon on the Mount is very expurgated ) , but then spends a lot of time on stuff that is n't even in the bible ( a whole scene with Mary Magdalene talking with a john ) . It seems like the screenwriter , instead of wanting to do a movie version of the Scriptures , wanted to make a movie about what he thinks might have really happened behind ( and between ) the scenes . The movie has one gem though - during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the Prodigal Son , at Matthew the tax collector 's house , I had tears streaming down my face . It is the best movie I 've seen about Jesus 's ministry ( but that is n't saying much , because the others are just terrible ) . " Jesus Christ Superstar " is my favourite movie about Jesus 's last days ( " The Passion of the Christ " is way too graphic ) , though I like how " Jesus of Nazareth " , instead of just ending with Jesus 's death , continues on and shows his resurrection .
0 This is one of the worst films I 've seen in years ! ! You could randomly pluck 5 people off the streets and they could act better than anyone in this film . Absolute waste of time watching it . I only gave it a 2 as I like gory films but this is just plain rubbish . The acting ( and I use that term VERY loosely ) is abysmal , someone please tell me that the 5 main actors in this were making their first ever film ? ? Do n't waste your time watching this . Hostel was a better film by some way . I can not believe that someone has spent money making this , I hope for the producers sake it only cost $ 50,000 to make - it looks like a school project , made by kids who have n't got a clue . Did this even make it to the cinema ? ?
0 First of all , this is a low - budget movie , so my expectations were incredibly low going into it . I assume most people looking at the info for this movie just wanted a bloodfest , and essentially that 's all it is.<br /><br />Plot ? There really is none . It 's basically Saw but in China and a whole hell of a lot worse . Cast ? There is none , period . Special Effects ? Absolutely awful in my opinion ... There were cutaways and the blood was often completely unbelievable because of amounts , splatter , color , texture , etc.<br /><br />I believe the purpose of this movie was supposed to be a brutal , shock film . Now it had some great potential on a bigger budget but poor scripting , poor dialogue , awful acting , what seemed like camcorder video shots , and just plain unbelievable " gore , " made this movie truly awful.<br /><br />There are movies worth taking a chance against some reviews , even " b - rate " movies deserve some opportunities ( blood trails for example was the most recent I saw against reviews that was worth it ) , but this was simply awful . I hope that people considering this movie read my comment and decide against it.<br /><br />I'm all for brutality and shock , but the overall unrealism and truly awful acting makes for an awful experience . Save your time / money and chance something else , you wo n't be disappointed .
0 This is the kind of movie that 's so extremely bad that you ca nt stop watching it because you keep telling yourself that ' it can not continue to be this crappy all the way to the end . It just ca nt ' . You know , ' worse than Jaws 4'-kind of bad.<br /><br />I honestly think I 've only seen ONE movie that was worse than this , and then we 're talking religious crap about how you 'd end up in hell for lying or watching football.<br /><br />Gore ? Indeed and lots of it . Well made gore ? No way.<br /><br />The acting is beyond bad and all the lines are lousy clichés . Same goes for the storyline which only really consist of sex , blood and violence , like so many other gore movies.<br /><br />If you 're hoping for a mix between Ichi the Killer and August Underground   keep looking . You wo nt find it in Live Feed .
0 just watched it , me and my better half could not believe how awful and badly acted it was . If anyone else thinks its good then you must be easily pleased . I actually gave up a night out to watch this , its all been done before . IE . hostel springs to mind , but at least that did not make you cringe with the bad acting and lack of story line , same old stuff , re - hatched , i read so much about this film , i even recommended it to my mates , my fault , someone said it was good ! no more gory , horror or reeling back in disgust than your average " scary movie " it has to be said , please do n't bother with this movie . get mary poppins . now that s scary ! I 'm off out now , go to the cinema and watch something scarier than this , little miss sunshine maybe
0 I 'm all for a " bad " horror movie but this was just a pile of dog sh!t ! How anyone can call this movie cool or decent is beyond me . If you like rushed editing to cover the special effects , bad acting and a bad script then go for it ! There was no suspense whatsoever and the gore factor was laughable because it was so fake . I 'll take Hostel or Wolf Creek over this pile any day . My partner gave up after about 20 minutes , she knows a stinker when she sees one . I on the other hand stupidly sat through the whole movie just to wait and see if it got any better . No such luck ! I have n't sen his other movie Torched and I doubt if I 'll bother now .
0 I watched the Unrated version of this film and realised about 30 minutes into it that I was never getting my time back . I persevered to the end hoping that the dialogue would improve , the martial arts would look realistic eventually , the special FX would actually look special . I was so wrong . I love Horror , I am a complete gore hound . I number some of the eighties splatter flicks amongst the greats of the film world . This however was not made in the eighties , if this film had come out in the early eighties the fax could be forgiven for looking so bad . It was n't so it has n't got that defence . The dialogue is terrible with so many bad lines I was wincing at the writing rather than squirming at torture . I do n't like Hostel , never have , I thought it was over rated , over hyped and I felt nothing for the protagonists , however it shines as a beacon to greatness next to this garbage . The back of the cover for Live Feed promised a twist you would never see coming , I 'm still waiting for the twist that was promised .
0 Where to even start ? The horrendous acting ? The nonsensical plot ? The bargain basement effects ? The completely loathsome characters ? The choppy editing ? The headache - inducing Casio keyboard score ? ? ? The embarrassingly racist remarks ( " Watch it , Charlie ! " , " Back off , Jackie Chan ! ! " ? ? ? The constant misogyny ? ? ? I am a lifelong horror fan , and I have no problem at all with the current " torture - thon " trend of movies . However , this is a poorly - made piece of garbage . I think I suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it ! If you like girls being forced to eat stir - fried penis , really poor soft core porn and think lines like " I 'm gon na find that b * * * * and staple her c * * * shut ! ! " are clever , LIVE FEED is for you.<br /><br />As for me , I feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again !
0 This has to be the WORST movie ever ! ! ! The acting is scarier than the movie . Lots of blood , but no idea where it comes from , cuz they do n't even show you the cuts . I ca n't believe I wasted my time watching this movie . We laughed like we were watching a comedy and not a horror movie . This is a disgrace to horror films ! ! ! For one if they are in Asia why is there a white cop driving past Waste Management trash cans ? ! There 's so much of another language that you do n't even know what 's going on half the time . The film editing is a joke , my teenager could do better . And if I went to a movie theater and that nasty old man was working the window that would be the first clue . DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ! ! ! NOT TO EVEN SEE HOW BAD IT IS , YOU WILL BE SORRY YOU DID ! !
0 Live Feed is set in some unnamed Chinese / Japanese Asian district somewhere as five American friends , Sarah ( Ashley Schappert ) , Emily ( Taayla Markell ) , Linda ( Caroline Chojnacki ) , Mike ( Lee Tichon ) & Darren ( Rob Scattergood ) are enjoying a night on the town & taking in the sights . After a scuffle in a bar with a Japanese Triad boss ( Stephen Chang ) they decide to check out a porno theatre , as you would . Inside they are separated & quickly find out that the place belongs to the Triad boss who uses it to torture & kill people for reasons which are n't made clear . Can local boy Miles ( Kevan Ohtsji ) save them?<br /><br />This Canadian production was co - written , produced & directed by Ryan Nicholson who also gets a prosthetic effects designer credit as well , one has to say that Live Feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film that seems to exist only to cash in on the notoriety & success of Hostel ( 2005 ) & the mini craze for ' torture porn ' as it 's become known . According the IMDb 's ' Trivia ' section for Live Feed writer & director Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theatres , for my money I reckon he wrote it after watching Hostel ! The script is pretty poor , there is no basic reason given as to why this porno theatre has a big fat ugly freak dressed in bondage gear lurking around torturing & killing people , none . Was it for the Triads ? Was it for his pleasure ? Was it to make snuff films to sell ? Some sort of explanation would have been nice . Also why did he turn on the Triad boss at the end ? If your looking for a film with a coherent story then forget about Live Feed . It seemed to me to be some sort of uneasy misjudged mix of sex , S&M , horror , torture , gore & action films which does n't come off . I mean just setting a horror film in a porn theatre is n't automatically going to make your film any good , there still needs to be a decent script & story , right ? The character 's were fairly poor clichés & some of their actions & motivations were more than a little bit questionable . It moves along at a reasonable pace , it 's fairly sleazy mixing gore , sex & nudity but it does look cheap which lessens the effect.<br /><br />Director Nicholson does n't do anything special here , the editing is choppy & annoying , he seems to think lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea & the film has a cheap look about it . Available in both ' R ' & ' Unrated ' versions I saw the shorter cut ' R ' version which really is n't that gory but I am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the ' Unrated ' version & say that it might be much , much gorier but I ca n't say for sure . There 's a fair amount of nudity too if that 's your thing . I would n't say there 's much of an atmosphere or many scares here because there is n't & are n't respectively although it does have a sleazy tone in general which is something it has going for it I suppose.<br /><br />Technically Live Feed is n't terribly impressive , the blood looks a little too watery for my liking & entire scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to tell what s happening , it to often looks like it was shot on a hand - held camcorder & the choppy editing at least on the ' R ' rated version is at times an annoying mess . Shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in Vancouver in Canada . The acting is poor , sometimes I could n't tell if the actresses in this were supposed to be crying or laughing ... <br /><br />Live Feed is not a film I would recommend anyone to rush out & buy or rent , I did n't think much of it with it 's very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition & which goes nowhere , poor acting & less than impressive gore ( at least in the ' R ' rated cut anyway ) . Watch either Hostel films again or instead as they are superior .
0 I just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film I have done on the net . I felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films I have ever seen . After reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.<br /><br />1 . The actors . I know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with Nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average.<br /><br />2 . The incredibly lame make up and special effects . Once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse.<br /><br />3 . The obvious similarities to Hostel . Whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success . Only problem is Roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there ... <br /><br />4 . The music . Not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.<br /><br />5 . The script in general . All dialogue was forced and terrible ! Also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought.<br /><br />6 . The editing . WTF . How jarring , and not in a good way . nuf said.<br /><br />Seriously I would like to hear the director 's thoughts on my post ( he no doubt frequents his pages on IMDb . ) cause buddy ... what were you thinking . Surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands ... Sorry I do n't want to be harsh but you must have more talent than this i hope your next feature that gutterballs movie or wahtever is better , hopefully practice makes progress.<br /><br />But in the mean time avoid this like the plague . I want my 81 mins back with interest . ( At least I did n't pay to watch it . )
0 An obvious b - grade effort to cash in on the Hostel / Saw buzz , my expectations for this film were low ( really low ! ) and yet it still managed to disappoint on every level . The acting is so bad it 's not even funny , the plot - line is non - existent and the only scare was realizing that I had wasted 1hour 21 minutes watching it ! I 'm surprised to note that 34 people gave it a 10 star rating . I can only suspect that 33 of these are Cast and Crew . The 34th is possibly the directors mother ? - although I 'm sure even she would find it hard to go higher than a 2 ! DVD extras include an hour long " making of " feature . Which raises the question , " Why ? " ( although perhaps it serves to demonstrate what not to do ! ) . Avoid at all costs .
0 2005 gave us the very decent " gore porn " flick Hostel , and 2006 gave us Live Feed ; a not so decent rip - off of Hostel . Live Feed follows pretty much the same formula as Eli Roth 's earlier film , except this time the dumb kids are in Asia rather than central Europe . The plot focuses on these dumb kids , and one of them has annoyed one of the locals so they find themselves in trouble . The locals decide to lock them all in a theatre , and kill them . Despite the fact that I 'd heard some less than favourable things about this film before seeing it , I still hoped that it might be at least half decent because director Ryan Nicholson previously made the very decent 45 minute rape and revenge film ' Torched ' , but this film falls down simply because most of it is either ridiculous or boring . The film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of Grindhouse cinema ( which Hostel did , successfully ) , but it really does n't come off . Surprisingly , considering Nicholson 's previous work in special effects - not even the gore is impressive ... although it is a lot better than the acting ! There 's not much else I can say about this film ... it 's bad and not in a good way . Avoid it !
0 I agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting . Yes , there was a lot of gore and some nudity . But it was overshadowed by a slow - moving , meaningless plot and dumb ending . Where was this supposed to be filmed anyway : a Canadian Chinatown or Hong Kong ? Hostel was a much better movie and I would recommend seeing that instead . A technical annoyance I had with the DVD is that if you shut off the Spanish subtitles , they return after a few scenes and then you have to go back to the main menu and turn them off again . Also , do n't waste your time on the deleted scenes because there 's no audio and it just looks like tourist footage .
0 Anyone who has said that it 's better than Hostel is talking complete crap , believe me I 'm not a fan of Hostel but this is just ridiculous . This is just another shot on camcorder , straight to DVD , low on ideas waste of your time , I ca n't believe how many of these films there are and I 'm yet to see a decent one . In the 80 's video nasties , gore and horror movies were made with no budget but a great story and a load of new ideas and most importantly the heart and soul of the director who had something to say . Now they just seem to be pumped out in an attempt to trick people browsing in Blockbuster to rent a copy , until people stop doing this then I guess these films will keep appearing . This film is so low on ideas it 's just amazing how it ever got made , the acting is also terrible , the location completely unconvincing and the soundtrack is so annoying it beggars belief . This waste of time has absolutely nothing going for it , unless you 're on a quest to compile a list of the worst movies of all time . My best / worst part of the film is when a female character is pointing a gun at someone and threatening to shoot them if they do n't back off , you can see that she is n't even covering the trigger with her finger just holding the grip . An absolute joke .
0 First I 'd like to excuse my bad English.<br /><br />I'm not a HOSTEL - hardcore - fan , but I liked that movie nevertheless . Live Feed , however , SUCKED BIG TIME ! I have never seen a gore - movie with superb acting , but hey , who 's surprised ? The acting in Live Feed was ... well , not there ! I 've seen some commented this as it must have been a school project or something . Okey , but not by students in media or acting school . This was NO class at all ! And what about the story ? A really sad rip - off on Hostel . And what about the gore ? What about the psychopathic torture scenes that supposed to make your guts twist and leave you cold - sweating ? That was the most disappointing about the hole movie ! Short , quick and NO edge . More like an execution rather than a torture . Okey , there where buckets of blood , but it did n't even look real . The slaughtering and the violence reminded more of Braindead than Hostel or any of the Saw - movies . And Braindead was fun ! Okey , I laughed at Live Feed a couple of times , but that was more out of disappointment than out of sheer fun!<br /><br />So instead of wasting 80 minutes by watching Live Feed , watch ANYTHING else !
0 I was n't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hit " Hostel " , and most of these lame ass knock - offs are just as bad or worse - yet " Live Feed " managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about the first 30 minutes . Started off with plenty of sex and sleazy settings , followed by some good death scenes involving the Chinese Organized Crime Squad and a 7-foot , leather - aproned butcher ... What put me out of the movie was the tough ' hero ' with the guns and a grudge saving the day ... I would call this movie mediocre , at best , since a premise mainly involving obnoxious young people being slaughtered in a seedy porno theater , doubling as a hideout for the mafia , is appealing to me . If only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective , then my rating would have differed greatly . Unfortunately , most of the gruesomeness is heaped together in one scene , leaving the rest of the movie to conclude as a revenge - type scenario . So , basically , it IS just a low - budget " Hostel " rip - off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex , almost constant during the first half of the film ... Overall , I would say do n't bother with this one .
0 Some gorehound - friends recommended " Live Feed " to me , and basically I ca n't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze , but it is of course not a very good film . More than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema , the so - called Torture Porn , Ryan Nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre ( and that includes the role models " Hostel " and " Saw " ) with its sick & twisted make - up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co - eds tried up , suffering and begging for their lives . There 's no actual plot to describe . Five utterly brainless twenty - something friends take a trip to Asia . One of them has Asian roots , but other than that I do n't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to Cancun . They 're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market . The quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan . A simply apology clearly does n't suffice , as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture . One girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat ; yikes . " Live Feed " is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook , even if you 're used to watching independent fan - boy trash cinema like this . The fat bloke depicted on the cover , an oriental S&M executioner , is admittedly quite cool and he 's also the most talented of the whole bunch , because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time . I would n't exactly recommend this pile of filth , but hey , if you like loud & hideous metal music , nauseating torture footage and dim - witted losers , go right ahead and watch !
0 This movie is a lot like the movie Hostel , except with * BAD * acting and not much suspense . The gore elements are there , but you do n't really feel anything for the characters , making the violence not very effective . Some parts are just strange ... like forcing a snake down someones throat . What 's up with that ? Is that supposed to be scary or gory ? It 's just kind of stupid . As for torture , there really is n't any ( except for the guy getting blow - torched in the beginning , which they do n't show anyway ) . The main bad guy keeps saying " make them die slowly " , yet the butcher kills them all very fast . The deaths are all relatively quick . Yes , I did watch the " unrated " version . So , overall , not the worst gore movie I 've seen , but not at all good either . You wo n't miss anything if you skip this one .
0 There was no characterization in this movie and really shows how much this talentless hack who directed this needs to learn his craft . All his characters in this movie were so unlikable and I could care less . The best point in this movie was the end credits and the hour long shower after this cause I felt so damn dirty that I wasted money on this stinking load . Hey genius .... triads and yakuza are from two different places learn something about Asian culture . The dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless . This DVD does prove useful I do love my new coaster.<br /><br />So kids do n't waste your cash on this crap buy Hostel instead .
0 Whoa nelly ! I 've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this ... but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing . Man was he right on the nose ! This movie was acted by pure amateurs . They HAD to have done one take , maybe two on each scene , the movie seemed soooo rushed . The script was also poor .... they had lines that tried to be unique but failed . Miserably . " Get your meathooks off of me ! " Oh man , I hate it when movies try to do that . It happens all the time with comedies ... but , with a horror movie and with below average actors .... the results are incredibly pathetic . The lines and scenarios were all very predictable . But what made me feel so negative towards this movie was , again , the damn acting . It was awful . Besides by the little Asian guy who worked the booth . I thought he was great.<br /><br />The movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in Asia . They end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex / slaughterhouse . Sounds like a cool story . But watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch . The only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing . There was n't a trace of suspense.<br /><br />I like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this . But unfortunately with a HUGE capital U , the movie was incredibly disappointing . I did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects . The flabby chicks were also so so.<br /><br />Everything about this movie screams amateur . This is Ryan Nicholson 's first feature length , and for the most part he failed . There 's no denying he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror . I pray his next movie does n't play out like another B horror flick ... unless he tells us that 's what it 's gon na be . Even after this disappointment I 'm willing to give Ryan another shot . From what I 've seen of him , he 's a true , dedicated man to the genre . Good luck next time , because this was bad news .
0 This film is not deserved of the next few minutes I will spend criticizing it , but I know many people , like myself , rely on IMDb.com to assist in deciding on films . For that reason alone , I am writing this.<br /><br />"Live Feed " is like an Asian version of 1976 's " The Incredible Torture Show " ( aka " Blood Sucking Freaks " ) http://www.imdb.com / title / tt0077247/. Torture , dismemberment , murder , cannibalism ... sure , it 's all here along with a third - grade script , pathetic acting , and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.<br /><br />The film takes place in China , yet everyone speaks English . There is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace , yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor . One gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend ( how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film . ) The film is absolutely awful , even for a B - movie . Even if you were to download it for free , it would be an insult to your hard drive .
0 ' Say Yes ' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better , but it never does . It 's the kind of ' motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple ' crapfest , so beloved of straight to video film - makers . < br /><br />The dialogue is clunky and , in several places , poorly translated . The acting is uniformly poor , especially from the villain of the piece , played by Joong - Hoon Park . He seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening , when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.<br /><br />The plot deserves special mention , as it is idiotic beyond all belief . The ' heroes ' do n't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them . The ' heroine ' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her . The villain gets past a police checkpoint ( while wearing a shirt covered in blood , and a bloody head bandage ) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving . The villain is punched , clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork , but never seems to be impeded by these , rather serious , injuries . And do n't even get me started on that terrible ' twist ' ending . Sheesh.<br /><br />The only plus point in this film , for me , is Sang Mi Chu . Who is very pretty , but really no more than a mediocre actress.<br /><br />Overall , this film comes off like a poorly written , flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy ' The Hitcher ' and ' Spoorloos ' , but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved .
0 I have seen many good Korean Movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone , but this one sucks . The director seems to be a sadist , who happened to get someone to produce some junk . The movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller . I ca n't believe someone really made such a movie . Even though acting is OK , the story line and the feeling it leaves is awful.<br /><br />I am sure , I am not going to see any movies of this director . No sense of movie making , and utter disappointment in having thriller moments . All this has is showing scenes with psychopath wasting the reels with badly shot scenes and showing more blood and violence thinking that makes it thrilling . Very disappointing movie and I strongly recommend skipping all the movies of this sort .
0 There 's nothing worse than renting an Asian movie and getting an American movie experience instead.<br /><br />It 's only my opinion , but a good thriller is dependent upon the establishment of likable , intelligent characters . As far as likability is concerned , the protagonists in Say Yes are a quaint married couple . Nicely done . Unfortunately , they are stupid beyond belief . Let us count the ways they mishandle being terrorized by a stalker.<br /><br />1 . After a hitchhiker threatens to kill you , be sure to tell him what hotel you 're staying at when you drop him off.<br /><br />2 . Beat the hell out of the stalker in broad daylight and in front of dozens of witnesses , thereby allowing him to press charges of assault.<br /><br />3 . Do n't bother telling the police about the stalker and simply assume ( for no apparently good reason ) that the cops were bribed by him.<br /><br />4 . While trying to escape , let your lady out of your sight as much as possible to ensure that the stalker kidnaps her.<br /><br />5 . After getting help from someone to find the stalker after kidnapping your wife , be sure to send them away as soon as possible so you can face him one - on - one . No point in being unfair , right ? < br /><br />Now , I 'd never expect that any person would be immune to making a few mistakes under these stressful conditions , but the characters in Say Yes are so dense and make so many unbelievable mistakes that it 's effectively impossible for the viewer to care about their safety , since they are victims of their own doing . This kills the enjoyability of the entire film . < br /><br />In case you were wondering , the scriptwriters did n't stop with dim - witted characters . Since they themselves are surely dim - witted for writing this crapfest , they decided to make situations so absurdly unrealistic that all sense of reality goes out the window.<br /><br />1 . The stalker kills a cop inside a police station  while the protagonist is asleep no more than ten feet away.<br /><br />2 . The stalker engages in all sorts of dubious activities in broad daylight and around tons of people , yet no one other than the married couple seems to notice his odd behavior.<br /><br />3 . The stalker survives an absurd amount of violence that would have killed any human being.<br /><br />4 . The " suspense " scenes had no imagination whatsoever . In fact , some scenes were direct rip - offs from American movies.<br /><br />The only positive is the decapitation near the end , which was a pretty brutal scene since it was inflicted upon the wife . It 's too bad the filmmakers followed it up with an outrageously stupid ending that comes out of left field.<br /><br />Truly , the Koreans behind the making of Say Yes should be ashamed of themselves . Better yet , they should just move to California and take employment with people who make movies with a similar disregard for quality and intelligence .
0 After sitting through this pile of dung , my husband and I wondered whether it was actually the product of an experiment to see whether a computer program could produce a movie . It was that listless and formulaic . But the U.S. propaganda thrown in your face throughout the film proves -- disappointingly -- that it 's the work of humans . Call me a conspiracy theorist , but quotes like , " We have to steal the Declaration of Independence to protect it " seem like ways to justify actions like the invasion of Iraq , etc . The fact that Nicholas Cage spews lines like , " I would never use the Declaration of Independence as a bargaining chip " with a straight face made me and my husband wonder whether the entire cast took Valium before shooting each scene . The " reasoning " behind each plot turn and new " clue " is truly ridiculous and impossible to follow . And there 's also a bonus side plot of misogyny , with Dr. Whatever - Her - Name - Was being chided by all involved for " never shutting up . " She 's clearly in the movie only for looks , but they felt the need to slap a " Dr. " title on her character to give her some gravity . At one point , Cage 's character says , " Do n't you ever shut up ? " and the camera pans to her looking poutily down at her hands , like she 's a child . Truly grotesque . The only benefit to this movie was that it 's so astonishingly bad , you do get a few laughs out of it . The really scary thing is that a majority of the people watching the movie with us seemed to enjoy it . Creepy ....
0 National Treasure is about as over - rated and over - hyped as they come . Nicholas Cage is in no way a believable action hero , and this film is no " Indiana Jones " . People who have compared this movie to the Indian Jones classic trilogy have seriously fallen off their rocker.<br /><br />I ca n't really figure out what kind of target audience this film was shooting for . Maybe the pre - teen audience will like it , but I found it to be absolutely ludicrous . I also ca n't imagine adults or young adults to find this to be that great of a film . Simply put : it 's just OK at best.<br /><br />National Treasure is unimagined and uninspired , borrowing what it does have from " The Da Vinci Code " . I would recommend waiting for that movie to be released in 2006 , and passing on this nonsense.<br /><br />The whole idea of being able to so easily steal the Declaration of Independence and run around all over Washington DC and Philadelphia with it ( while never damaging it once ) , while fighting the " bad guys " and experiencing what is supposed to be " non - stop action " is absurd . I particularly loved the scene with the Declaration folded in its tube laying in the middle of a busy road while cars whiz by it without damaging it . Oh brother ! < br /><br />Reminded me of that episode of the " Brady Bunch " where they go to the amusement park and Mr. Brady loses his architectural plans . Except , that episode of the Brady Bunch was much better than this whole film ! < br /><br />The idea of such huge treasure that nobody believes exists being buried within a secret ruin of the US is outlandish . Literally , there are thousand of undiscovered " priceless " items in this treasure trove . Yeah right ! ! Ridiculous ! ! < br /><br />Even worse , the speed and accuracy of which Cage finds and figures out what are supposed to be " tough " clues to these ancient riddles are pre - posterous ! ! ! Oh .. the humanity ! < br /><br />The performances by Cage , Voight , and the other actors in " National Treasure " are as stiff , wooden , and flat as they come . However , when you 're working with such lousy dialogue , it 's hard to fault the actor 's 100 % for that.<br /><br />National Treasure is an OK film to see once . I ca n't recommend it beyond that and would definitely NOT purchase this over the top , outlandish scavenger hunt of a mess.<br /><br />Rent it if you must see it first .......
0 Well it looked good on paper , Nick Cage and Jerry Buckheimer collaborate again , this time on a mix of heist movie , Da Vinci Code , American History 101 and Indiana Jones . But oh dear , this is to Indiana Jones what Speed 2 is to Speed . A reasonable cast(including John Voight and Harvey Keitel ) battles against a puerile script and loses badly . The film is little more than an extended advert for the Freemasons . However these Freemasons are not your usual shopkeepers who use funny handshakes and play golf , these Freemasons are the natural descendants of the Knights Templar ( and nobody mention ' From Hell ' or Jack the Ripper.)I do n't think I 've revealed any plot spoilers because there are none . There is virtually no suspense , no surprises and no climax- it just stops . National Treasure aims for Dan Brown but hits the same intellectual level as an episode of Scooby Doo sans the humour .
0 Nick Cage is Gates , a treasure hunter ( oh , excuse me ... treasure " protector " , whatever that means ) who is descended from a long line of treasure hunters . One of his ancestors had been given a clue to the whereabouts of a huge treasure that our Founding Fathers , most if not all Freemasons , had decided to hide because they just did n't want to finance their Independence all that badly.<br /><br />The first clue turns out to be in a long - lost ship hidden in the Arctic . Gates and his crew , consisting of financier Ian ( Sean Bean ) , Movie Dork Riley ( Justin Bartha of the immortal " Gigli " ) and a couple of faceless lackeys , enter the cargo hold of the ship . They immediately spill out tons of gunpowder all over the floor , not that this is significant in any way . At last they find the clue ( a skeleton is hovering over it ) and it turns out to be a pipe with writing ... on it . Sort of . Do n't ask me to explain.<br /><br />It 's a riddle , and despite the fact that his expedition is clearly miffed at not finding the actual treasure , Gates wanders around yammering to himself about the meaning of the riddle , in this frozen cargo hold , while the crew just stands around slack - jawed . I mean , come on . Someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment of coming all the way to the freaking Arctic and not finding anything interesting , but they just stand there as Gates enters his own world , solving the riddle.<br /><br />The next clue turns out to be on the Declaration of Independence . Ian decides to steal it . Gates is appalled . Various characters deliver gratingly obvious exposition ( get used to it ) . All this leads to Ian 's lackey pulling a gun on Gates , and the gunpowder going off in a big explosion . ( oh , that 's why they spilled all the gunpowder ! Huh ! ! ) Ian and his henchmen make their escape , and Gates and Movie Dork Riley walk nine miles in subzero temperatures to an Inuit village in order to stop them.<br /><br />To stop them , Gates concludes after trying the FBI and Super Archivist Abigail Chase ( Diane Kruger ) , Gates and Riley must steal it themselves . Riley then tells Gates in excruciating detail why they can not steal the Declaration , because it 's so protected with metal and laser eyes and high tech security blah blah . Gates then tells Riley that there 's an opportunity to steal it from the Preservation Room . Does Riley know what the Preservation Room is , Gates asks ? " A place where they make jams and jellies ? " I am not kidding ; that 's the actual line . Bartha does n't deliver it like a joke , either . So Riley does all this research about the Library of Congress and the Archives and water and sewage , fercryinoutloud , but does n't know what the Preservation Room is . This pretty much indicates what level this script is on.<br /><br />To make the rest of this short , Gates does in fact make off with the D of I , in a ridiculous break - in that could only happen in a movie . ( I also hate the way they depict computer monitor technology in movies -- full of improbable and impractical graphics and fonts . ) Abigail Chase ends up tagging along for convenience 's sake , and as an obvious " love interest " angle . At one point , the three of them , on the run from the law , discuss all their plans really loudly in a clothing store , surrounded by people.<br /><br />A series of clues and the kidnapping of Gates ' father , played by a dyspeptic Jon Voight , leads good guys and bad guys alike to a huge Indiana Jones fun - house located underneath New York City . Odd that the subway builders never found this thing . Gates and Gates Senior lead Ian off on a wild goose chase . Ian believes they 're trapped in a cul - de - sac and leaves them there . However , after they 're gone , Riley asks how they 're going to get out . Gates ... <br /><br / > ... oh boy ... < br /><br / > ... presses a button and a door opens . No , I 'm serious . A button , like they might have on a vacu - flush lavatory in an office building . Good thing he knew where that was . Anyway , after some more knob - twiddling , they find this immense treasure room ( remember , this is all underneath Manhattan ! ) full of all sorts of historyish golden things . Riley gets to deliver a really stupid line . Again . And FBI officer Harvey Keitel forgives them , arrests Sean Bean , and allows the two chemistry - less leads to get married.<br /><br />For any viewer , I think it would be hard to ignore all the exposition , the leaps of logic , and the stereotyped characters for very long . Though some of its exposition involves nice history lessons inserted into conversation at random moments . I 'd like more conversations like that in my life .
0 People like me will tear this movie apart . It 's just not realistic . The Plot is sooooooo predictable . You can anticipate everything that happens convientantly Of course , they find the treasure and become filthy rich , and trick the bad guy . We 've seen it a million times before . The writers of this movie must think that the majority of the movie going public is stupid . They must be right because The majority of people actually liked this film . I mean solving riddles in a matter of seconds . The secret treasure room hidden under the Manhattan subway ? You 'd think with all the work that 's gone on in New York underground That room would have been discovered before . and all that was constructed during the civil war ? PLEASE And the love story between Ben and Abigail ? ? how cute , and I thought the romance in Clive Cussler novels was weak . They just fall in love like that , in 2 seconds WHATEVER I 'd be more concerned with saving my own ass then getting some . the hell with the girl and the stupid piece of paper . 1/10 Garbage
0 I watched this movie last night on one of the pay - per - view channels , and while watching it I quickly wondered why I bothered . In all honesty I really did expect something more from this film . Maybe something along the lines of ' Conspiracy Theory ' . Why ? Maybe because of the casting . I mean , Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel , after all . Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer . Now I 'm wondering , why did they bother ? But instead of an absorbing action cum mystery drama I was caught up in a pastiche of breakneck silliness a là ' The Goonies ' , which to my great surprise appears to have garnered some actual critical praise . Perhaps it 's because ' The Goonies ' was clearly targeted toward the pre - teen and teen audiences . Whereas ' National Treasure ' , judging from the previews , was seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience.<br /><br />Suspension of disbelief is one thing . It 's how one can enjoy sci - fi and horror . But I found myself actually resisting the heaping tablespoons of paranoid and conspiracy - laden tripe being shoved at the audience . Oh , the screenwriter threw around all the jargon intended to evoke a sense of serious engaged wonderment . " Wow ! The Masons . The Knights Templars . You know , this could really be true ! " I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the Founding Fathers hid the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the British ! And just were did the Knights Templar come from ? New Jersey ? Oh , I forget . From France ! Which goes a long way to explain how it ended up in Philadelphia during the Revolution . It was brought there by agents of Napoleon ! Anyway , you see what I 'm getting at . The premise of the movie is interesting . And I really do think it could have succeeded as a serious mystery drama . But it just comes off as another kid flick in grown - up clothing . In the end I think it asks the audience not simply to suspend belief but to render itself willfully ignorant to an insulting degree.<br /><br />I've just finished watching several items by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo . It 's a shock to switch from fine dining to Hollywood Big Mac and fries.<br /><br />Okay , okay . If you pant over chases , explosions , and ' gee - whiz ' gimmickry you 'll enjoy ' National Treasure ' . But it 's the sort of movie , well , have you ever stood outside a cinema waiting to get in while the previous audience comes out ? And all the young kids are talking excitedly among themselves and saying things like , " Wow ! Did you see how that thing blew up ? That was so cool ! " ' National Treasure ' is that kind of movie .
0 This movie is like the thousand " cat and mouse " movies that preceded it . ( The following may look like a spoiler , but it really just describes a large class of movies ) There is the passionate , wise main character , his goofy but well - meaning sidekick with his ill - placed attempts at humorous comments , the initially - hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable " unlikely " love story , the loved ones taken hostage , and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions . Everybody has seen tons of these movies already , and " National Treasure " is like any one of them , with only a slightly modified wrapping . Every turn of the story was easily predicted ( and I can assure you I am not the sharpest tool in the shed ) . I am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a Hollywood movie , and if you have ever felt that way too , heed my warning ; stay miles away from this movie .
0 " National Treasure " ( 2004 ) is a thoroughly misguided hodge - podge of plot entanglements that borrow from nearly every cloak and dagger government conspiracy cliché that has ever been written . The film stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates ( how precious is that , I ask you ? ) ; a seemingly normal fellow who , for no other reason than being of a lineage of like - minded misguided fortune hunters , decides to steal a ' national treasure ' that has been hidden by the United States founding fathers . After a bit of subtext and background that plays laughably ( unintentionally ) like Indiana Jones meets The Patriot , the film degenerates into one misguided whimsy after another  attempting to create a ' Stanley Goodspeed ' regurgitation of Nicholas Cage and launch the whole convoluted mess forward with a series of high octane , but disconnected misadventures.<br /><br />The relevancy and logic to having George Washington and his motley crew of patriots burying a king 's ransom someplace on native soil , and then , going through the meticulous plan of leaving clues scattered throughout U.S. currency art work , is something that director Jon Turteltaub never quite gets around to explaining . Could n't Washington found better usage for such wealth during the start up of the country ? Hence , we are left with a mystery built on top of an enigma that is already on shaky ground by the time Ben appoints himself the new custodian of this untold wealth . Ben 's intentions are noble  if confusing . He 's set on protecting the treasure . For who and when ?  your guess is as good as mine.<br /><br />But there are a few problems with Ben 's crusade . First up , his friend , Ian Holmes ( Sean Bean ) decides that he ca n't wait for Ben to make up his mind about stealing the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives ( oh , yeah  brilliant idea ! ) . Presumably , the back of that famous document holds the secret answer to the ultimate fortune . So Ian tries to kill Ben . The assassination attempt is , of course , unsuccessful , if overly melodramatic . It also affords Ben the opportunity to pick up , and pick on , the very sultry curator of the archives , Abigail Chase ( Diane Kruger ) . She thinks Ben is clearly a nut  at least at the beginning . But true to action / romance form , Abby 's resolve melts quicker than you can say , " is that the Hope Diamond ? " The film moves into full X - File - ish mode , as the FBI , mistakenly believing that Ben is behind the theft , retaliate in various benign ways that lead to a multi - layering of action sequences reminiscent of Mission Impossible meets The Fugitive . Honestly , do n't those guys ever get ' intelligence ' information that is correct ? In the final analysis , " National Treasure " is n't great film making , so much as it 's a patchwork rehash of tired old bits from other movies , woven together from scraps , the likes of which would make IL ' Betsy Ross blush.<br /><br />The Buena Vista DVD delivers a far more generous treatment than this film is deserving of . The anamorphic widescreen picture exhibits a very smooth and finely detailed image with very rich colors , natural flesh tones , solid blacks and clean whites . The stylized image is also free of blemishes and digital enhancements . The audio is 5.1 and delivers a nice sonic boom to your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism . Extras include a host of promotional junket material that is rather deep and over the top in its explanation of how and why this film was made . If only , as an audience , we had had more clarification as to why Ben and co. were chasing after an illusive treasure , this might have been one good flick . Extras conclude with the theatrical trailer , audio commentary and deleted scenes . Not for the faint - hearted  just the thick - headed .
0 Having read some good reviews about this film I thought it was about time I go and see it . Well I do n't know why I bothered . Basically this family is entrusted with a clue that leads to a whole big stash of ancient treasure , hidden by the Knights Templar during the War of Independence . Apparently it had to be kept out of the hands of the British at all costs . Firstly , why did said Knights move the treasure from Europe to America ? How did Nic Cages character figure out that ' Charlotte ' was in fact a ship ? How do they figure out all the clues and riddles in about a minute ? And how could two people suddenly become master thieves and steal what is probably the best guarded bit of paper in the world ? These are just some of the plot holes in this inane bit of Hollywood action gone wrong . Cage has been in some great action movies - ' Face - Off ' and ' The Rock ' - so why has he lowered himself to this ? Is he getting too old ? ! His character is pretty annoying really - Somehow this ' ordinary ' guy steals the Declaration of Independancd , outruns thieves with guns , escapes from the FBI and generally seems invincible . The whole film does n't really make any sense and all in all it was quite a disappointment .
0 Everyone in a while , Disney makes one of thoes movies that surprises everyone . One that keeps you wondering until the very end . In the tradition of Pirates of the Caribbean , this movie is sure to turn into a ghost , and kill and rape your village . It 's terrible . If you want a mindless , senseless , predictable " action " movie , go right ahead . I believe that young kids might enjoy this , as they like it when Good ALWAYS wins . But me , I like movies where it 's a toss up who 's going to win . This movie never lets the Bad Guys have the upper hand . By the end , when th heroes are left in an " inescapeable " pit , you just KNOW that they can get out . Everything works out perfect for Cage and his friends , he never has to think over a riddle or clue for more than 10 seconds , no matter how complex it is . See this movie if you want to see some impressive set designs , not if you want to see good acting , or a good film . Go watch a superman movie , it would be much shorter , and the kids would like it more . For instance , the scene where Cage is fleeing from armed gunmen , and the bullets are all deflected by a the railing of a fire escape . ( And I 'm not talking about a fence or anything , just ONE LITTLE POLE ) This movie shows the decay of films and the film industry to cheap gags and dull , unrealistic action , which this movie provides in huge quantities .
0 What a disappointment ! I hated the mummy but this one was even worse ! It was very tiring and unbelievable and at a certain point I found myself sighing and yawning all the time . I ca n't believe that people actually liked this movie . The role of Nicholas Cage was n't very convincing . The whole movie felt like a grand tour around America 's most wanted buildings . The never stopping flow of hints and combinations was n't very convincing either . I stopped paying attention around 30 minutes . What was supposed to be a happy night out became a total disappointment . What a drag ... I guess I 've just seen too many movies to enjoy National Treasure .
0 And so the great rewriting of history continues Hollywood style.<br /><br />This was senseless ridiculous rubbish.<br /><br />Its shocks me that such an amazing amount of money can be spent to produce what is the most contrived , poorly acted inaccurate film I have ever seen . It is appalling.<br /><br />Nic Cage 's brief flirtation with serious acting appears to be over . I can only assume that Leaving Las Vegas was a glitch in an otherwise litany of dreadful films.<br /><br />Diane Kruger proves that her performance in Troy was no fluke , she really ca n't act.<br /><br />Harvey Keitel should be ashamed of himself for working on such tripe.<br /><br />Only recommended for those either recovering from a recent lobotomy or people of an opinion that America invented the world .
0 How this film gains a 6.7 rating is beyond belief . It deserves nothing better than a 2.0 and clearly should rank among IMDb 's worst 100 films of all time . National Treasure is an affront to the national intelligence and just yet another assault made on American audiences by Hollywood . Critics told of plot holes you could drive a 16 wheeler through.<br /><br />I love the justifications for this movie being good ... " Nicholas Cage is cute . " Come on people , no wonder people around the world think Americans are stupid . This has to be the most stupid , insulting movie I have ever seen . If you wanted to see an actually decent film this season , consider Kinsey , The Woodsman , Million Dollar Baby or Sideways . National Treasure unfortunately got a lot more publicity than those terrific films . I bet most of you reading this have n't even heard of them , since some have n't been widely released yet.<br /><br />Nicholas Cage is a terrific actor - when he is in the right movies . Time after time I 've seen Cage waste his terrific talent in awful mind - numbing films like Con Air , The Rock and Face - Off . When his talent is put to good use like in Charlie Kaufman 's Adaptation he is an incredible actor.<br /><br />Bottom line - I 'd rather feed my hand to a wood chipper than be subjected to this visual atrocity again .
0 WOW , this movie was so horrible . I 'm so glad i did n't have to pay money to see this horrible movie . it was like a history nut went on a coke binge ! the previews of it made it look decent but it was REALLY bad . i will say the idea sounded decent but come on . it was really really bad . If u sat down and thought about it you would also realize it was UNREALISTIC . come on back in the day u think they had all that stuff to work with . It was n't like ben franklin sat down one day and made a damn riddle . it was completely ridiculous , and it you want to see a bad movie then by all means go see this one . All and ALL HORRIBLE movie it might actually be on my top 10 WORST films I 've ever seen .
0 I almost drowned in CHEESE watching this movie . In fact I could not even finish it . I want my money back . One more of Hollywood 's feeble attempts to come up with a new idea . Good thing I keep a bowl of lemons in the fridge . Just in case . They should of gave Nic Cage a hat and a bull - whip . Swashbucklin ' . Cage 's performance in Raising Arizona or Leaving Las Vegas beats this " lemon " . People who are completely and totally marketed(and most of them are ) should love this movie . If this film had been animated , I would have taken it more seriously . I would of rather paid to see a completely stupid movie that did not try to hide it . In my opinion , this was a incredibly stupid movie and it made a even more incredibly sad attempt to try and hide that FACT.<br /><br />All the SHEEP seem to love it though .
0 This is the most elementary sort of traditional ghost story , not even enlivened to any great extent by the use of Irish locations . If the great M.R. James had ever come up with a tale this thin -- does n't James in fact have a story called " A Thin Ghost " ? -- he would n't have bothered to have it published.<br /><br />Orson Welles appears in the limp endpieces as a favour to a brace of old friends , this film 's producers . His presence and the one movie industry in - joke would have earned this will - o'-the - wisp its Oscar nomination . This is yet more proof , if any more were needed , that the Academy Awards have never been any guarantee of merit .
0 It kept my attention to the end , however , without spoiling the film for anyone ....... when she fixed the fridge by getting a book from the library , you knew how the film would end when she went back to library for a book on self defence against and assassin . The film , for me , said nothing of worth .... is becoming an assassin really a remedy for mental illness or just another symptom .
0 This film is described as a action / comedy . The first 15 minutes and James Belushi 's presence point to it being a humorous gangster film.<br /><br />However , the introduction of the ridiculous female lead begins a number of ludicrous plot twists which do little to conceal the contrived ending . The film moves between comedy(description used loosely ) and surreal drama with some out of context adult scenes thrown in . The lead female ( the Angel of the title ) is poorly acted and the actress is not helped by the script which requires some unbelievable , extremes of character to be portrayed . James Belushi is the only one who handles his part well but is also let down by the poor script . One to avoid .
0 I 'll be honest- the reason I rented this movie was because I am a huge fan of Kyle Chandler 's ( most notably from Early Edition ) . Since he usually plays the good guy , I wanted to see him as in a different role ( out of curiosity ) . The plot itself also drew me in ; a wanna - be hitman ( Tony Greco- a.k.a . Mr. Chandler ) must kill a person at random before he is trusted with the life- or , rather , the death- of a witness who will testify against someone in " the family " . The movies was nothing like I expected . It was sick , I hated the end ( if you saw it , you 'd know why ) , and there were so many unnecessary parts . Basically- it was filthy , and made little sense . Yes , it was a mob movie , and yes the guns do go BOOM . But there 's more to a movie than that . This film acted as if it did n't have the time to go into detail- just deal with it and understand it . The acting really made up for it- James Belushi was pretty amusing as " The Rose " . Sheryl Lee made Angel seem as believable as she could get . She surprised me the most . And Kyle Chandler was equally convincing as an anxious newcomer to " the family " . If only the script did justice to the actors .
0 I ca n't believe the positive reviews of this movie - I thought it was one of the worst , most poorly executed and poorly acted movies I have ever seen . And the plot was completely ludicrous ( sp ? ) . She starts making out with him while he 's tied to the chair ? puh - lease . The worst part was that it was n't even bad in a good , laughable way . Just plain terrible - I could n't figure out why they even bothered to show it on HBO . I thought Belushi was ridiculously silly - very unbelievable as an " eccentric " hit man . idk , I could go on - again , I am shocked by the positive reviews . The only thing that kept me watching it is that it 's fascinating to see how a movie can go wrong and what makes it bad . And the ending did n't disappoint in its silliness either ! " live by the sword , die by the sword ... " ridiculous .
0 Dissapointing action movie with an interesting premise : a young Mafia would - to - be killer ( Chandler ) must demonstrate to his boss that he is a good man for the service so he goes to California to take some lessons with a very known professional killer ( Beluschi ) . First and most important task : to kill a young woman ( Lee ) that is a completely strange for all of them . But is she a easy target ? The movie goes on and on based upon this principal idea but the result is just bad routine ; even the weird twist at the end does not save the movie . Good performance by Chandler . I give this a 4 ( four ) .
0 Consider for a moment what it must be like to be Uwe Boll . Somewhere , perhaps in those places that Jack Nicholson said ' you do n't talk about at parties ' , Boll knows that David Lean had head lice as a child that had more talent for film making than him . Gore Whores , metal - heads and the socially dysfunctional may bump into him on the circuit and tell him otherwise but general audiences find the Teutonic helmsman 's output so bereft of originality , wit or imagination that he 's become the internet 's bogeyman  an online discursive synonym for photochemical excrement . Boll does his best to ride over these naysayers , exploiting tax credits available in Germany and Canada to keep working and raising money from a network of dentists as Zero Mostel did with old ladies in The Producers . The difference being that Mostel 's character knew he was making bowel fill . Maybe Uwe knows it too.<br /><br />Such is the level of hostility toward each new ' Bollbuster ' that IMDb patrons sabotage their ratings by voting 1 before they 've seen it . Boll 's attempts at silencing his critics by challenging them to a boxing match and knocking them out just made them more determined . Indeed he 's probably the only filmmaker that 's boosted thesaurus sales as critics search for inventive ways of describing garbage.<br /><br />This onslaught has made Uwe a very thick skinned man , so much so that he must feel like he 's wrapped in a carpet , but one who feels as if he 's bullied by the entire world . Like most people in that situation he lashes out , determined to upset as many people as possible with the memory of a tearful evening holding Variety 's review of House of the Dead , never too far from the surface . This ' I know you are but what am I ' strategy for reclaiming the initiative produced the blunt satire of Postal , which attempted to napalm the dissenters with jokes about 9/11 , Christian fundamentalism , Jihad , Nazism and paedophilia . Such a litany of invective requires a satirist with the mind of Peter Cook and the visual imagination of Chris Morris but the closest Boll gets to either man is the o in their surname.<br /><br />In Seed , shot back to back with the aforementioned game adaptation , Boll is back with a story about a sadistic serial murderer ( is there any other kind ? ) who gets the chair only for two attempts to fail in permanently curtailing all signs of life . Mindful of the fictional law that says anyone still alive after 3 attempts must go free , though if you 'd been fried with that much electricity why would you want to , they pronounce him legally dead and bury him , only for the disgruntled killer to resurface and begin a whirlwind tour of his gaolers.<br /><br />Boll begins his ' exploration of nihilistic rage ' with Seed watching footage of animals being tortured for experimental purposes . From there we 're treated to the killer 's stock in trade  kidnapping dogs , babies and grown women and allowing them to starve to death on camera only to become maggot food . We 're invited to reflect on what a depraved race of amoral meat sacks we all are  our inhumanity to each other and our fellow creatures acting as a lighting rod that acts as a catalyst for the most disgusting vestiges of the human condition . Yes , we 're worthless , gormless sadists and worse than that , we wo n't give Uwe a good rating on the IMDb . In short , humanity is bunk.<br /><br />Of course you might think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses for his livelihood and with that in mind it 's a bit of a bipolar piece , on one hand hating its audience and positively basting itself in the sour milk of human kindness  the milk that poor old Boll has had to drink for so long , while simultaneously whipping out its member and inviting those with a pornographic lust for on screen depravity to marvel at its sheer arse splitting girth.<br /><br />The result says nothing about society and its discontents , more the corrosive effect bad press is having on its director . Poor Uwe is obviously a very angry man  one scene in which a poor woman gets her brains hammered to a pulp while tied to a chair , no doubt a surrogate for his own fantasy 's about dispatching various web critics . That it 's there but takes an avant - garde approach by failing to be attached to any kind of narrative thread , shows that Boll is a pornographer whose happy to engage with the blood lust of his audience and knows that plot is surplus to requirements . He 's made a film which is competently shot but utterly desolate . " I wanted to make a horror movie that was no fun " Boll told the audience at the film 's world premiere and he has , on that flimsy manifesto , succeeded but if this was supposed to convince the director 's detractors that he was a serious genre filmmaker , he 'll need something genuine to say as well as a better , more original way of saying it .
0 First off ... I never considered myself an Uwe Boll Hater since I think I never even saw one of his movies but after seeing this cheap excuse for a movie named " Seed " ( which is the name of the serial killer this movie is about ) I am close to joining the hate club . This movie makes absolutely no sense at all ... the plot is a joke and although Boll clearly tries to get attention by shocking people 90 % of this movie is just plain boredom . You can sum up this movie like this : < br /><br />1 . Hooded killer watches clips of animals getting tortured on TV . This is real life footage from pelt farms and the movie opens with the ridiculous reason of " making a statement about humanity " and giving a Peta address . Since this movie has no message at all and is the worst piece of torture porn - exploitation you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning onward.<br /><br />2 . Death by electrocution with a pretext that gives away what happens later in this movie printed on screen so every retard gets it.<br /><br />3 . Cops watch videos of animals , babies and women starved to death and decomposing in Seeds basement , having stupid nightmares and crying into their whiskey because Seed is such an evil bad mofo . Although the acting is OK the movie takes a dive every time it tries to incorporate any emotions ... < br /><br />4 . Cops bust Seed in his house , act stupid and get slashed in the dark . This sequence reminds me of a video game , you barely see anything except flashlights . Seed is a super killer that is everywhere at once and all cops act stupid enough to be killed ... except for one who busts him.<br /><br />5 . Seed gets the chair and we see his electrocution as lengthy as everything else in this " movie " ... he wo n't die and we are reminded of the opening statement that he must be set free if he survives 3 electric jolts . Guess what ... they just bury him alive to solve the problem.<br /><br />6 . Seed comes out of his grave , kills everyone off in another slashing part and then seeks the main cop to take revenge on.<br /><br />7 . A woman gets her head bashed in with a hammer in an endless sequence from one point of view just for the fun and shock value of it . < br /><br />8 . Seed captures the cops family , lures him to his house , threatens to kill his wife and daughter . After killing his wife with a nail gun the cop shoots himself in the head considering that s what s Seed wants ( its hard to get into that guys head since he not just wears his mask even in prison but also never utters a word ... the movie has barely any dialog anyway so do n't mind).<br /><br />9 . Boll goes for a nihilistic shocker end where Seed locks the daughter in with her dead dad to rot like the persons we saw on video on sequence 3.<br /><br />This is it ... no message , no plot , no reason , no face behind the mask , no background except a stupid story that Seed was burnt as a child.<br /><br />This movie relies purely on few key scenes and their shock value . I hardly remember a movie this empty of any emotion or message or entertainment . Its like watching August Underground ... that s fine with me , some people will enjoy this brainless snuff . But what is really hard to stand about it is the pseudo - message in the beginning and the fact that the movie is well made considering camera - work , effects and even the acting is too good for this waste of celluloid . < br /><br />So how does Boll get money to make such " movies " when thousands of talented directors work on shoestring budgets ? ? " Seed " is not just the essence of ridiculous , its living proof that the free market is flawed ... lucky Uwe that the German taxpayer is paying for a lot of this waste to get deductments .
0 Over the past year , Uwe Boll has shown marginal improvement as a filmmaker , cranking out the competent " In the Name of the King " ( a " Lord of the Rings " clone ) and the proudly vulgar , post-9/11 satire " Postal . " But then came " Seed , " and the counter was reset to Zero , keeping his bid for legitimacy and respect that much further out of reach . And I 'm a fan of the guyhis films exhibit a uniquely screwball vision , and are never dull.<br /><br />Spawned from his frustration over the savage notices his early films received , " Seed " is a colossally misguided attempt at social commentary , and an even worse jab at creating an iconic slasher mythology ( Boll often seems to be taking a page from Rob Zombie 's successful reboot of " Halloween " ) . The antagonist is Maxwell Seed ( Will Sanderson ) , a mute , hulking brute who 's slain 666 people and sits on death row , awaiting execution ; after unsuccessfully frying the beast , he rises from the grave to seek revenge on those who put him there ... and so begins a string of wholly gratuitous mayhem.<br /><br />Trying to create a new - millennium slasher in the vein of Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees , Max Seed is too nondescript and boring to leave an impression , ultimately resembling a washed - up pro wrestler doing " The Toolbox Murders " on a succession of equally boring victims . Furthermore , Seed 's character and Boll 's " message " run contrary to one another : the death penalty is wrong , sure , but are we really expected to sympathize with a soulless killer who 's left a couple hundred corpses in his wake ? I think not.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Michael Pare acts like a listless , long - lost brother to James Remar 's character on " Dexter " : a cop who sits at his desk a lot , thumbing through newspaper clippings , and watching pointless stop - motion scenes of decomposing animals and people trapped in Seed 's lair . By the time he and a bunch of cardboard cops storm Seed 's hideout , the sequence is so drawn - out , ill - conceived ( the lighting is almost non - existent ) , and unexciting ( despite a healthy dose of gore ) that it almost put me to sleep.<br /><br />The shoddy film - making is n't limited to just that sequence : " Seed " appears to have been shot by a drunken cinematographer , since the camera bobs and weaves endlessly , a technique that 's more stomach - turning than the gore itself ; these protracted takes of very little happening only draw attention to the meandering , almost non - existent narrative . At 90 minutes , the film is distended enough to be considered a form of torture , which might have been Boll 's intent all along.<br /><br />Pure genius ... I guess the joke 's on me .
0 Short Version : Seed is n't worthless . It 's just derivative and inferior . And soulless.<br /><br />Long Version : If you have never seen any of the films comprising the vaguely - defined " psychological horror " genre , this movie will probably melt your face off . Maybe not , but it will give you a good burn . The opening montage of real animal abuse will be sufficient to open your eyes to possibilities of brutality - on - video , and the ( only ) memorable gore scene later in the film will perhaps be more than you can handle . The climax will play with your emotions in a way that perhaps no other film has.<br /><br />But that 's if you do n't have much experience with the genre . If you 've seen the real thing ... "August Underground 's Penance , " for example , you will , as I did , find it terribly difficult to stay awake until the end of the film.<br /><br />Other reviewers have compared this to the video nasties of old . I understand this comparison . Like the video nasties , " Seed " is more violent than a mainstream horror film and less subtle . But the reason the video nasties are still known to us is not only for the above reasons -- those that are still popular had something special . Permit me to be ambiguous , I think you will understand : those that have stuck around had " soul".<br /><br />Take this quote from Gabriele Crisanti , director of " Burial Ground , " on an interview on the new - ish DVD : " ... we will never have more films like these , because today , technology has surpassed imagination . And technology is cold . So many things will disappear because small films like these wo n't be produced anymore . Today we have great , exceptional tricks that are very expensive , but they are cold . Today a horror , a terror film of this kind costs more than a million dollars . These films were not so expensive ... they are real effects , made with our hands".<br /><br />Perhaps it is wrong to take the comparison to old school horror so seriously . But Crisanti has hit the nail on the head . Even at their most seemingly exploitational , the best of the video nasties were pursuing a primitive " truth . " And this is where Boll falls short . It 's like he 's seen the movies and not understood them . Everything on the checklist is there ... BS about " making a statement about humanity , " an obscene torture scene , etc . But it is , as Crisanti puts it , " cold . " The gore is all CGI . The whole thing feels like scenes pieced together from other movies of various genres . And the pacing is sooooo slow . Man , so slow.<br /><br />Another interesting note : the one gore scene really reminded me of a video game.<br /><br />Anyway , enough BS . Weak movie .
0 While not as bad as his game - to - movie adaptations , this hunk of crud does n't fare much better.<br /><br />Boll seems to have a pathological inability to accept that he does n't make good movies . One of these days he 'll run out of money and stop inflicting the world with his bombs.<br /><br />The acting was sub - par , the dialog sounded like they were reading TelePrompTers and Boll 's special little ' touches ' were seen throughout the whole thing.<br /><br />Like all Uwe Boll movies , this one just should n't exist.<br /><br />Plain and simple.<br /><br />Just like Uwe Boll himself should n't exist . > _ >
0 Hello . this is my first review for any movie i have seen . i went through the trouble of doing this to tell everyone that this is quite literally , the most disgusting movie i have ever seen . I feel like the movie was porely made , which i will give some understanding due to budget constraints on making it . I felt like i was watching a very bad remake of the movie saw . Which i can agree , saw as well is also very graphic , but , i did like the movie saw.<br /><br />The scene where he takes the hammer to the head of the tied up victim in the chair is the most disturbing scene i have seen . the scene lasted almost forever , well actually , it was probably around 5 min but still . i want to note that i like some horror movies and i do give credit if they are good . this director uwe boll , and his group of people used to make this movie should think it over before making another one similar to this one . one final note haha ! ! FOR ALL THE PEOPLE WHO ENJOY WATCHING ANIMALS BEATIN TO DEATH , LETTING ROT , WITH WOMEN AND CHILDREN AS WELL AND A FIVE MINUTE SCENE OF SOMEONE GETTING THERE HEAD SMASHED IN WITH A HAMMER then you will enjoy this movie , if not , and you like horror , go with a higher budget film , like saw for example . I ca nt believe people actually make movies like this . anyway sorry to anyone who loves uwe boll and took it to heart , this is just my opinion on the movie .
0 The name Uwe Boll is automatically linked to bad horror / cult cinema and every new movie he releases  which is about two , three per year  immediately always receives negative ratings and harsh criticism . You 're actually almost tempted to think this is just a contemporary hype . You know , like it 's popular to hate Uwe Boll whether you liked his movies or not . Let me just assure you that this is NOT the case . Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and quite frankly a menace to the entire film - making industry . " Seed " is another most unfortunate of proof that . In here , Boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that he overlooks numerous other elements that any movie essentially needs to exist , like a plot , a narrative structure , character development , tension building   " Seed " is a hideous movie , full of gratuitous filth and incompetent padding footage . I once read that " Seed " was Uwe Boll 's interpretation of the nowadays popular horror trend of Torture Porn flicks , but that 's not even close . The film inarguably does borrow some influences from " Saw " and " Hostel " , but basically it 's just another umpteenth dull slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence . < br /><br />The first 45 minutes of " Seed " are beyond boring and actually just confirm all the obvious things you already knew were going to happen . For you see , Boll was stupid enough to begin his film with a ( hyper- fast ) scrolling text explaining there 's a federal US law claiming that death row prisoners have to be set free if three attempts to electrocute them fail . So you know this will happen later on , but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and bringing him to the electric chair . Seed is a mute serial killer who supposedly slaughtered 666 victims ( exaggerate much ? ) who wears a bag over his head . He watches real - life animal cruelty footage ( and thus WE watch real - life animal cruelty footage ; thanks for that Mr. Boll ) and videotapes people as the slowly decompose in their cellar ( including a crying baby which is really sick and twisted ) . When he 's finally captured , during the most amateurish and implausible police manhunt ever filmed , and put on death row , the film even becomes more retarded . After being buried alive because the electric chair could n't fry him , Max Seed crawls back to the surface and goes on a brand new killing spree ; this time mainly focusing on the people who arrested and executed him . < br /><br />The senseless plot twists and complete lack of story depth of this movie go way past being just bad ; they 're downright infuriating and insulting the intelligence level of the average horror movie fanatic . Multiple twists and sub plot in " Seed " are simply impossible to accept by the reasonable functioning human mind because they 're just too dumb ! Nobody believes that cops and prison staff members will just bury a mass murderer alive without shooting a few bullets through his head first . Nobody will accept that a fugitive convict can not be found for another six months even though he went straight back to the exact same hideout place where they first caught him ! " Seed " is full of retarded little things like these and the movie gets dumber with each minute that passes . Personally , I refuse to accept that the cast & crew members did n't notice this as well . It really makes you think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all advice and criticism , and just stubbornly shoots his movies the way he wants to . I imagine his yelling stuff like " shut up and do as you are told " to his actors whenever they remark that the scene they 're shooting does n't make a lick of sense . < br /><br />Just for the fun of upsetting people , there 's a gigantically overlong sequence where Max Seed smashes an elderly lady to death with a hammer whilst she 's tied up to a chair in the middle of her own living room . Instead of shocking , as Boll intended it to be , this sequence masterfully epitomizes how pathetic and wannabe controversial the whole film in fact is . " Seed " is horrendous , it 's disgusting , it 's pitiable , it 's   Boll .
0 badly directed garbage . a mediocre nihilist sadistic gorefest ... if you are the sort of person who likes that ... see a shrink . even if you are that person it does n't make this a good film , the acting is really poor , the story full of plot holes , the director really should just give up and find a real job as he has no talent for this one . I can see why people dislike uwe boll .. we have had a few of his films on lately and this is the best of them , which is really sad ! A complete absence of any sort of humanity seems to suit some people but here it just grates . Horror films can be full of desolation , they can be miniature works of art , they can be just good viewing when there is nothing else on ... SEED is just really really poor .
0 From the beginning of the movie I had a feeling like its a movie about another Jason 's from Friday the 13th . And It is ... Dispute that the movie starts interesting . But as the times goes by its just a pointless movie about muted , supernatural , silent serial killer . I mean he goes under the guy 's bed without making any sound , not seen by anyone . He was supposed to be blind after failed execution but he walks and kills people like he used to . I 'm tired of it . For me it 's all over the same thing.<br /><br />In another words - unreal . Too many mistakes and confusing information.<br /><br />Well scene with tide up woman looked impressive but just at first time :} For that and for intriguing intro 2 stars .
0 This movie is unbelievably ridiculous . I love horror movies , but this is the worst one I 've ever seen . I am a huge fan of gore , but most of the deaths in this movie are n't shown . It just shows us the already dead bodies , and the only death scenes that they actually show in this movie are terrible . The graphics look so obviously fake . The actors are awful as well . There is no real emotion from any of them . Not only did I waste my time watching this piece of sh*t movie , but I had to subject myself to actual footage of animals being beaten during the beginning of it . If I could rate this a -10 , I would . F*ck this movie . It 's crap . < br /><br />Don't watch it .
0 After having seen and loved Postal ( yes , I actually loved Postal ) , I decided to try another Uwe Boll film and I picked out Seed because I happened to stumble on it in a local DVD - store and it 's supposed to be one of his better films.<br /><br />While the first 10 to 15 minutes of the film were very promising and seemed like the beginning of a not too mainstream psychological thriller , it soon went downhill from there and eventually degraded into one of the most generic slasher films I 've seen so far , including a massive amount of plot holes , unrealistic emotional responses and sub - par acting . It seems like Boll tried his best to come up with a decent plot but after a while just gave up on it . Maybe he should stick to comedy ? ! The few good things about this film is that he does manage to create an overall creepy atmosphere , that the special effects are better than I expected and the soundtrack does go well with the overall atmosphere , but the unbalanced pacing of this film combined with the utter generic nature thereof makes he last half hour quite tedious to watch , which ruined my experience altogether . There are a very fairly well done shocking scenes , but they seem to be there for the shock value alone . And let 's not forget the camera work that was pretty nauseating at times.<br /><br />I hope Uwe Boll will one day learn what makes a good film , because between a lot of horrible films he does seem to make a decent film every now and then . Seed just is n't one of those .
0 If at least the cruelty and drawn out deaths had a purpose to the story to justify their inclusion but the script was just unintelligible and just plain stupid.<br /><br />It went nowhere , the story had no legible continuity . It was just a bunch of drawn out pointless snuff scenes and a really stupid ending tacked on as if to say .. " the end * beep * you my haters and my few defenders for watching my garbage." < br /><br />I do n't get it , a masked murderer who never had his mask removed in prison , a prison rape scene that was suppose to be the guards raping a a ugly deformed serial killer and getting killed by him and nothing else ? no explanation , no punishment , a really weak main cop character that was a waste of a actor like Pare , who did n't try to off the guy who killed his cops , tortured a baby , a woman and a dog and sent them to you to watch on video.<br /><br />Cops who for some unknown reason all wandered off in the dark by themselves ( individually ) in his farm house at night like a bunch of poorly written teenage characters to be killed one at a time like a bunch of idiots , and no other cop hears them die in the darkness one after the other and just keep wandering around for no reason till each is killed in turn . < br /><br />A bunch of horrible real life animal snuff scenes in the beginning for no reason or explanation , was he reminiscing , was he watching it to masturbate , was it comedy for him ... what was it ? nope Boll just thought to throw it in to upset animal lovers .. whatever . < br /><br />then Pare believing the word of a psycho path to let his family go if he kills himself ... a more gullible , stupider cop you never saw in a film . < br /><br />I dunno why I try not to totally hate his works . I try to find some reason to explain a horror writers art but this stuff ... pure crap . < br /><br />Boll what are you doing anymore ? I hope you figure it out because I know a lot of more deserving people who ca n't dream to get the budget you get over and over again to make their movies.<br /><br />If you want to see Boll actually at his best check out " Postal " it was actually okay .
0 I was so disturbed by the real footage at the beginning of the film that I felt sick to my stomach and ended up shutting the movie off . How any can give this film more than a rating of 1 baffles me . I know that the intent of the movie is to shock , but showing actual footage of a dog that had been skinned alive ( holding back vomit as I type ) - PLEASE ! I shut it off after the scene with the decomposing baby . I had had my eyes covered most of the time up to that point . No wonder this movie was found at the bargain bin in HMV . I really have no desire to see any other movie by this Uwe person . Anyone who enjoyed this needs therapy . Period .
0 This would have to be one of the worst , if not the worst , movie I 've ever nearly seen . ( I could n't watch it all the way through ) . Purely and simply it 's gratuitous violence just for the sake of it and the ridiculous story line only adds to the lacklustre and incompetent filming . Sick . And only suitable for those with a love for manic mutilation . After murdering several hundred men , women and children , Seed is finally caught after effortlessly killing several more police officers that finally get a tip as to his whereabouts . He 's sentenced to death by electric chair and miraculously survives ! Buried alive , he digs his way out and plots revenge against those that put him away and flicked the switch . Needless to say , more gruesome murders ensue ...
0 " Seed " is torture porn ... no doubt about it . But , strangely , Uwe Boll has written , produced , and directed a more polished film than any other he has made in recent memory.<br /><br />Every time I watch a Boll film , I feel that some pages of the script must have gone missing . There are simply huge gaps in the story and dialogue . Of course , nothing makes much sense , either . The films are somewhat surreal in this respect.<br /><br />*****SPOILERS * * * * * < br /><br />Why do the six cops who go to arrest Seed split up and go their separate ways when they get to the darkened residence , unlike real cops who would enter and clear the house in pairs or by threes ? Why do n't the cops ever use their radios ? How can the bodies decay so quickly , a process that would normally take many months ? ( I KNOW it 's time - lapse photography ... but Seed would never be able to stay on schedule killing people if he always waited around for the previous victim to decay to the point shown . ) How come Seed gets to wear bib - overalls and a mask while he 's waiting on death row instead of typical prison uniforms ? How can Seed enter a maximum security prison , stroll around the cell block , and then walk out again without being stopped or even noticed ? If nearly 80 people ( according to some newspaper articles shown in the movie ) have been murdered , why is there only one investigator working on the case ? Why did the investigator suddenly decide that he should go look for Seed at Seed 's house , where he was originally arrested and where he murdered his victims ? ( Did n't he think of doing this sooner ? ) Why does the police detective go it solo , without back - up and without even letting dispatch know what he was doing and where he was headed?<br /><br />This is particularly frustrating when Boll obviously goes far out of his way to make sure we understand why the electric chair fails to work properly . He spends several screen minutes in setting this up , when he could have spent them making other aspects of the film at least a bit more logical.<br /><br />*****END SPOILERS * * * * * < br /><br />In short , the film just sort of serves as a framework for a few assorted scenes ( perhaps Boll would think of these as his " visions " ) of a brutal death by bludgeoning , gunshots to the head , execution by electrocution , and the skinning of live animals raised for their pelts . ( The opening scenes of animals being skinned were indeed unnecessary and disturbing , but I understand their purpose in the context of the film . ) The centerpiece is undoubtedly the bludgeoning death of a middle - aged woman by Seed using a hatchet . It 's obvious that much time was spent on this and it vaguely reminds me of the classic scene in " Reservoir Dogs " , though without the Steely Dan soundtrack.<br /><br />Is this a good movie ? No . Is it worth seeing ? Only if you are a dedicated fan of the torture porn genre or if you are absolutely determined to see a sample of torture porn . As I said at the start of this review , even though this movie is pretty disgusting and can be sickening at points , it is truly much more competent than most of Boll 's movies . Perhaps he will continue to improve as a filmmaker . I can only hope that he progresses beyond torture porn and continues more in the vein of " Postal " .
0 This movie shows a clip of live animal mutilation of an animal getting hacked by a machete and getting its skin ripped off . I know these horrible things happen in the world , but I m watching movies based on the fact that what I m watching is not actually happening on the screen . These live animal clips are not meant to be in movies , they are meant to show people that belong to certain organizations to help the horrible things that humans to do other species.<br /><br />This should be banned and destroyed . I have also contacted Netflix and other resources to collaborate getting this movie off the market!!<br /><br />This movie should be removed from the public . The person who made this movie needs psychological help .
0 Set in the 70s , " Seed " centers around convicted serial killer Max Seed ( Will Sanderson ) , who killed 666 people in 6 years . He is sentenced to death , but in the electric chair he does n't die , even after being shocked three times.<br /><br />Detective Matt Bishop ( Michael Paré ) and other officers cover up this secret by burying Seed alive . Seed breaks out and goes after the people who put him in his living coffin.<br /><br />Filmed by the worst director in the world ( Uwe Boll ) , " Seed " is nothing more than a snuff film about trying to stretch the envelope of decent society and fails to deliver in any aspect of a storyline . And he said this is based on true events because if a person survives the electric chair after being shocked three times , they will be set free . This is an urban legend , and it would never happen . Much like Boll 's other abominations ( " Alone in the Dark " for one ) , " Seed " is just utterly horrendous .
0 My god , what 's going on ? a Uwe Boll film and positive comments ? Wow!<br /><br />Nice to note that most of the positive reviews are coming from newbies to Boll 's work . I myself , as I have stated in previous Uwe Boll reviews , only watch his films in the hope that one day he will actually make something good . I mean .. IT MUST HAPPEN ONE DAY!<br /><br />Alas , Seed is not that day . I do n't quite know where to start with the lame attempt at a horror film that Seed is . The thing to remember people is that all the sickos in the world are that way due to having watched various sick acts on video or the net ..... or so Mr Boll believes . I still ca n't for the life of me figure out why footage of real animal abuse and killings was needed in the first 10 minutes of this film . I understand the concept that Seed ( the killer ) is a sicko and enjoys watching such stuff ..... but ca n't understand why Mr Boll thought putting REAL footage in the film would work . Maybe to shock us ? Hmmm ..... well , I for one am not squeamish and can handle seeing anything on film . I DON'T though , find the use of real animal cruelty footage entertaining in the slightest . If you were trying to shock me , it did n't work . It just reminded me how messed up the world was because such things happen and also because Uwe Boll is allowed to continue making films . This sort of context may have worked for films in the 70/80 's ( Cannibal Holocaust ) but not todays market.<br /><br />With that out of the way , we can move on to the fact that Uwe has managed to give the film a very cheap feel all round like BloodRayne 2 . You can just tell that there was n't a huge amount of money floating around for production.<br /><br />As per usual , Mr Boll does not really care for making a decent story as we are treated to boring shots of police officers watching various videos of Seed 's victims in the first 25 mins . Each of these videos ends in a speeded up decomp of the victim . It 's all very boring and tedious . I wo n't comment on the toddler scene as it 's laughable and just another cheap ' shock ' factor.<br /><br />If you manage to sit through the first 25 mins then you will be treated to the police officers walking through a very dark house in order to catch Seed . The lighting here is horrible and Uwe has the old ' I 'm not using a steady cam ' fiasco that he did with BloodRayne 2 . Watch as the police officers die in ever stupidly increasing ways until such point as Seed is caught . This scene is soooo bloody stupid you have to see it to believe it . The cop actually tells Seed he could have shot him . For some un - be - known reason , the cop does n't shoot him . Given that Seed is a sicko that kills kids as well as adults , you 'd have thought at this point in the script that sense would prevail.<br /><br />From here we are treated to a stupid execution scene , followed by the cops burying Seed alive ( and they know he is alive .. why not shoot him in the head ? ? ? ? ) , followed by Seed getting out of the ground and then killing some random woman with a hammer and then kidnapping the one of the cop 's family.<br /><br />What I 'm trying to get across to you all here is that it 's just plain STUPID ! It 's not even Hollywood horror stupid .... just plain dumb . Uwe Boll can not direct * * * * . Anyone with any ounce of taste would agree with that statement . Anyone who watches this film and found it entertaining in any way shape or form needs to take a serious look at themselves as a person . < br /><br />Once again we are treated to a poorly acted , directed , lighted , produced , scripted piece of UB crap .
0 I quote Oedpius Rex because it is a tragedy that this film was even made!!!<br /><br />This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen ! I am in no way an Uwe Boll hater like most of the humourless people on IMDb ! < br /><br />Uwe Boll movies like Postal and Tunnel Rats are hilariously bad and therefore entertaining . But honestly , this movie was just horrible . I hated it so much that I 'd give it a zero star rating if I could . The story is just crap ! It spends four fifths of the film building the plot and then they have the middle which is just scenes of grizzly horrible tastelessly done murder ! The finally end it with a " villan wins ending " which is totally acceptable but surely it could have been more tasteful than this ! < br /><br />I am not against Uwe Boll ( like I said earlier ) nor am I against violent movies ! I f**king love violent movies ! I loved the Saw movies , the Hostel movies , Tokyo Gore Police , The New York Ripper , the 28 movies , Dog Soldiers , My Bloody Valentine , Last House on the Left , Watchmen , Wolf Creek , every Tarantino movie , every Sam Peckinpah , even Cannibal f**king Holocaust ! But this ! OMFG ! ! ! < br /><br />This was just cruel , sadistic and perverted ! And look at the movies I just listed ! If I liked Cannibal Holocaust and not this then it must be bad ! Uwe , do n't go all dark again ! You 're funny when you are light hearted , just like Ed Wood . This was just an awful experience ! I felt horrible all over after seeing this!<br /><br />DO NOT WATCH ! ! ! ! AVOID AT ALL COST ! ! ! ! !
0 I am ashamed to have this movie in my collection . The most redeeming factor to owning the DVD is the short film in the bonus features . My vote for this movie is a big fat ZERO . Do n't misunderstand , I 'm a horror girl . but i want some meat behind the story , not to mention i prefer the evil to happen to humans , not to be tricked in to watching , what seemed like forever , clips of animal snuff . Acts of brutality interrupt achingly long silence and poor acting . If i was forced to make a comparison to another film , the only one that comes to mind is Cannibal Holocaust . Bad , boring , pointless and a wholly uncomfortable watch .
0 If you like to see animals being skinned alive , their heads smashed , dogs throats being crushed my men stomping on them , then this one is for you ! But if you are somewhat normal , and do n't need to see real footage of animal cruelty , pass this one up . This movie tries to shock the viewer , and it sure does . With the animal snuff at the beginning , and the killing of babies in the movie ( fake at least)its was enough to make myself turn it off . I've seen movies like this before that show slaughterhouse footage ( BTK movie ) and this kind of footage should not be allowed in a horror movie . We watch gore and horror because we know its just make - up , and special effects , so we should n't sit down to watch a movie and see the real killing of animals , its not what we rented the movie for . If anything , there should be a large warning label put on these types of garbage movies so people won;t be surprised by it . As a very hardcore horror fan , this one turned my stomach . The entire movie cast and crew need their heads checked .
0 The only reason " The Norliss Tapes " deserves ANY stars is the presence of Angie Dickinson in the cast . Other than getting to see Angie Baby in a pre-"Police Woman " performance , there 's nothing else worth seeing here.<br /><br />THE SYNOPSIS:<br /><br / > * * * MINOR SPOILERS * * * < br /><br />David Norliss is tapped to write a book on the supernatural . One day he mysteriously disappears after phoning his publisher and suggesting he has stumbled across something that has placed him in mortal danger . The entire series for which this miserable pilot was written was apparently intended to be a series of flashbacks via the " Norliss tapes " -- a set of audio tapes the writer recorded while investigating cases of the supernatural.<br /><br />In the pilot episode , a wealthy sculptor dies -- but not before purchasing an ancient Egyptian scarab ring from a local occultist who assures him the bauble will give him immortality after death . We soon discover the ring itself does n't grant immortality . Instead , it only reanimates the sculptor 's corpse , allowing him to escape his crypt so he can run around town draining pretty girls of all their blood.<br /><br />Blue - faced , yellow - eyed and growling out ARRRGHHHHHHs you have n't heard since you last watched " Scooby Doo " cartoons , the sculptor attacks his wife ( Dickinson ) one dark night . She escapes and , via a mutual acquaintance , contacts Norliss to get his assistance in solving the mystery behind her late husband 's uncanny reappearance on her estate.<br /><br />So is this guy a vampire ? No . There 's no vampire in this story despite what you may have read or heard . The sculptor does n't drink his victims ' blood -- he collects it . How ? Do n't know . We only see him attacking , never collecting . Why ? To fulfill the second part of his bid for immortality . It turns out the reanimated sculptor will only be allowed to live forever if he builds a life - size statue of a demon named Sargoth out of a mixture of clay and human blood . Once it 's finished , Sargoth plans to inhabit the statue , using it as his gateway into our world.<br /><br />THE FINAL ANALYSIS:<br /><br />"The Norliss Tapes " was n't picked up as a series for a very good reason ... it was garbage . As you can see from my synopsis , the story is a paltry , ill - conceived mess . The acting and dialogue offer no better . This is n't even a contender for a " So Bad It 's Good " Award . Sometimes bad is just bad.<br /><br />After years of hearing underground rumblings about the great merits of " The Norliss Tapes , " I was very excited to find it airing on Fox Movie Channel on 10/15/03 . I wish I had n't set myself up for the fall.<br /><br />Having screened this groaner for the first time two days ago , I can only assume any applause you 've heard so far from other IMDB reviewers is coming from those who are reviewing the show based on dim memories and the nostalgia of youth . Or perhaps they are simply loyal fans of Dan Curtis . Either way , they 've offered you misleading reviews of " The Norliss Tapes." < br /><br />Pauly Orchid -- October 17 , 2003
0 The director , outfitted in chains and leather , warned the audience at the SF Frameline Film Festival Friday night that we were about to see an " experiental " film . Experimental ? Leave the video camera on the back seat of the car , let the tape roll and edit in all the pointless dreck within eyesight . A meandering pastiche road show manqué that starts nowhere and takes the audience no place . The gratuitous violence that opens the movie drove more than one patron from the Castro theater . I would have left , too , but my cine - buddy needed a ride home and has this thing about seeing even the worse merde through to the end . By the time the lights came up the audience had thinned considerably . Tepid applause . Pro forma questions of the director who seemed pleased with the product . Avoid this film !
0 First off - there 's absolutely no flirting going on in this film - with Anthony or anyone else . These people do n't flirt - they just do it . Your first test of endurance is to wade through more than 15 minutes of intense violence and sexual perversion . This would n't be so bad - hell , I like violence and perversion as much as the next reviewer , but without a context to put it in , it is repellent . So you make it through the torture and mayhem . Then we meet Donna and the movie turns into something all together different - not better - just different : a road picture without heart . There are lame attempts at comedy thanks to cameos - broadly written and broadly played by broads like Judy Tenuta and Mink Stole ( and a few hookers and drag queens , too ) . They all deserve better . The photography is purposely disorienting , so if you get motion sickness ( or really ANY kind of sickness ) - this flick is not for you . Come to think of it , I 'm not sure just who this flick IS for -except maybe gay and bi - sexual S&M fans who like poorly scripted , poorly shot indy films about themselves .
0 Had I checked IMDb BEFORE renting this DVD from Netflix , I 'd have a couple of hours of my life back . I 'm frankly suspicious when I see that a film 's director also wrote it . In this case , according to the credits , the same guy was " writter and director " - unfortunately , an indication of the overall quality of this production . There were a few interesting moments ( e.g. , Judy Tenuta 's scene reminded of her early comedy routines touting Judy - ism ) which led me to rate this two stars rather than one . Those moments , however , were few and far between ... and I almost did not get to see them because the opening sequence was nearly incomprehensible to me , not to mention reprehensible in its violence . I admit I went back to watch that part again to see if I had missed something that would help me figure it out once I 'd seen the whole thing . Nope , though I at least recognized who the characters were who would turn out to be important later . The " spinning camera " technique was overused and essentially pointless . I found myself talking to the TV screen : " What ? ! ? " or " For goodness sake , get ON with it ! " Not recommended .
0 I respect Alex Cox the filmmaker , I really do . He 's like the kid at school who you think at first is just trying a little too hard to be " different " , a literary punk - rocker who has dipped more than his feet into spaghetti westerns and science fiction and fringe - culture and come out into the world ready to take s * * * on ... but then you see what he can actually do , the talent and raw feverish artistry and moments of true absurd hilarity capable of him , and you are ready to see whatever he has to offer . But there 's two sides to his proverbial coin : he can either really hit it out of the park ( Repo Man , Sid & Nancy , Walker arguably ) or just try just a little too hard and pull way too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat ( Straight to Hell ) . Death and the Compass falls into the latter category , and while I respect its ( mostly ) original approach to tackling a detective - killer story , it too falls on its face and its weirdness becomes oddly dull.<br /><br />It has a strange enough set - up and already irreverent style to follow : a detective , Erik Lonnrot , is after a killer with a hell - fire voice , Red ( something ) , and it seems that the killer is leaving disturbing clues with his victims : scrawled in blood on the walls are messages that , according to eyewitness Alonso Zunz ( Christopher Eccleston looking as if he just walked off Shallow Grave without changing his look ) has religious significance in the Kabbalah . We follow Lonnrot on his case , and his methods of going after the perp , which include following at first a triangular and then compass - shaped pattern on the map- this despite the protests of the flabbergasted Commissioner Treviranus ( Miguel Sandoval ) , who also looks back in flash - forwards sitting at a desk and speaking to the audience in garbled but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case.<br /><br />Oh , Cox has his moments of creativity and interest , such as a shot where we see the entire scope of the harrowing depths of the police station where Eccleston 's character is taken in by handcuffs ( " For his own protection " says Lonnrot in case of getting lost in the wrong room ) and we 're followed in a long tracking shot- maybe the best or just most curious- where we 're taken through very dark hallways with very little direction , lost in the maze of turns and oddities among the characters . And it 's never something that is n't fascinating to * look * at , with Miguel Garzon 's cinematography a morbid delight . But The plot goes through hoola - hoops to keep things so off - beat it might as well be beat - less all - together . The performances , save for a confident Boyle and for Eccleston at the very end , are pretty bad , especially Sandoval who just seems to squirm in his seat reciting the goofy dialog given to him to speak at the audience.<br /><br />While the murder plot itself contains an intention for the audience that this is n't something we 've seen before , that it 's in a society with a good many rioters and architecture suggesting Alphaville 's next decrepit wave , it too fizzle 's out very quickly . What 's the conflict here ? I was never that much engaged with Boyle 's own personal mission to find this killer , and only mildly caught up in the few flashes of deranged scenes of the killer ( and/or killers ) going after people like in the building early on ( Cox himself has an amusing cameo ) . And just when I started to think it was leading up to something spectacular , with Boyle and Eccleston in that big ( " not as big as you think " ) building in the South section of the city , it suddenly gives us a " TWIST " that we know in the back of our minds is coming but hope is n't , and it deflates any of the humdrum mystery it 's been leading up to . For all of Cox 's uncanny touches as a filmmaker , for all of his opposition to spoon - feeding the audience with a ' conventional ' approach , which I do respect , Death and the Compass ultimately cuts one off at the brain - stem ; it 's masturbatory .
0 This wilfully bizarre adaptation of Borges short story is typical Cox . His strong visual sense is , as usual , undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast . The film is definitely in the surreal tradition of Bunuel 's Mexican period , and looks at times like a poor man 's take on Lars Von Trier 's Elements of Crime . Cox 's apparent preference for single takes , jump cuts , and ambient sound recording all work against the film 's effectiveness . Worth a look but ultimately disappointing .
0 I liked Boyle 's performance , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say . Everything was overdone to the point of absurdity . Most of the actors spoke like you would expect your 9-year - old nephew to speak if he were pretending to be a jaded , stone - hearted cop , or an ultra - evil villain . The raspy voice - overs seemed amateurish to me . I could go buy a cheap synthesizer and crank out better opening music . And what 's with the whole 1984ish police torture stuff ? It was totally superfluous and had nothing to do with the actual events of the story . Cox added a lot of things , in fact , that he apparently thought would be really cool , but had nothing to do with the story . That 's a big disappointment because one of the things that makes Borges ' stories so good is his minimalism -- they are tightly bound , with no superfluous details . This movie is just the opposite . I stopped watching after the scene where Lonnrot is questioning the guy from the Yidische Zaitung , or thereabouts . I wasted $ 4 renting this , but at least I can get some satisfaction from writing this review and hopefully saving others from making the same mistake .
0 This is to the Zatoichi movies as the " Star Trek " movies were to " Star Trek "-- except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big , shiny re - do , and also better made , if substance is more important than surface . Had I never seen them , I would have thought this good - looking but empty ; since I had , I thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient . The idea of reviving the character in a bigger , slicker production must have sounded good , but there was no point in it , other than the hope of making money ; it 's just a show , which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character 's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he has n't been already ( also , the actor was n't at his best ) . I 'd been hoping to see Ichi at a late stage of life , in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall ; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies , seasoned with more sex and sfx violence . Not the same experience at all .
0 When I read MOST of the other comments , I felt they were way too glowing for this movie . I found it had completely lost the spark found in the earlier Zatoichi movies and just goes to prove that after a long absence from the screen , it 's often best to just let things be . I completely agreed with the Star Trek analogy from another reviewer who compared the FIRST Star Trek movie to the original series --- millions of excited fans were waiting and waiting and waiting for the return of the show and were forced to watch a bland and sterile approximation of the original.<br /><br />The plot is at times incomprehensible , it is terribly gory ( though the recent NEW Zatoichi by Beat Takeshi is much bloodier ) and lacks the heart of the originals . I did n't mind the blood at all , but some may be turned off by it ( particularly the scenes with the severed nose and the severed heads ) . In addition , time has not been good to Ichi -- he seems a broken and sad man in this film ( much , much more than usual)--and that 's something fans of the series may not really want to see.<br /><br />This was a very sorry return for Zatoichi . Unless you are like me and want to see EVERY Zatoichi film , this one is very skipable . See one of the earlier versions or the 2003 ALL - NEW version .
0 The premise , while not quite ludicrous , WAS definitely ridiculous . What SHOULD have occurred , by the second encounter with Tritter was that Tritter should simply be wasted . House hires some guy and de - physicalizes Tritter . In real life , Tritter would have been hauled up for harassment , the rectal thermometer episode would have been exposed in court , providing motive and opportunity and the hospitals lawyers would have made mincemeat out of Tritter and the particular department he worked for . He would be in prison as would anyone complicit in the harassment of House , Chase , Foreman , Cameron , Wilson and Cuddy . The lawsuit would have won House a tasty settlement , enough to keep him supplied with Vicadin well into his old age . While Tritter would wind up somewhere driving a cab , trying to rehabilitate himself by doing good for people for two years before people tumbled to the fact that they 'd seen it all before .
0 I am glad to read so many negative comments about the Tritter plot . Everyone I talk to says the same thing . They like House 's gruff nature and his intelligence , but really dislike the vindictiveness of this continuing plot . It cuts into the real nature of the hospital story and makes everyone angry at police authority . It needs to have a more caring nature instead of the vindictiveness to everyone at the hospital . Also , there seems to be many questionable legal aspects to what Tritter is actually doing . He alone can not freeze accounts and have the authority to stop doctors from writing prescriptions for patients . A lot of the vindictiveness he is showing also is hurting the very sick patients at the hospital and the is not a good storyline to portray . I voted the episode awful not because of the story itself , but when you insert the Trittor piece it turns me off and the rest of the plot gets hurt by it , People say they hate to watch the story lines anymore . Please change it . Get Tritter out .
0 A disappointing end to a season that started so well ... < br /><br />Exodus part 2 and other notable episodes were amongst the best seen on TV in any series , where as this was rather bad.<br /><br />Well I am not sure if it was the episode that was a disappointment , but the cheesy guitar music at that accompanied the closing sequence was laughable and would have been more at home in the original series.<br /><br />Its almost as if the corporate execs did n't like the low key down note ending and wanted to jazz it up . They failed and rather spoilt everything.<br /><br />Lets hope this is not a trend for the future.<br /><br />Still at least we saw the return of a certain person even if somewhat bizarrely and tritely done .
0 " Laugh , Clown Laugh " released in 1928 , stars the legendary Lon Chaney as a circus clown named Tito . Tito has raised a foundling ( a young and beautiful Loretta Young ) to adulthood and names her Simonetta . Tito has raised the girl in the circus life , and she has become an accomplished ballerina . While Chaney gives his usual great performance , I could not get past the fact that Tito , now well into middle age , has the hots for the young Simonetta . Although he is not her biological father , he has raised her like a daughter . That kind of " ick " factor permeates throughout the film . Tito competes for Simonetta 's affections with a young and handsome ' Count ' Luigi ( Nils Asther ) . Simonetta clearly falls for the young man , but feels guilt about abandoning Tito ( out of loyalty , not romantic love ) . The whole premise of the film is ridiculous , and I find it amazing that no one in the film tells Tito what a stupid old fool he is being ( until he reveals it himself at the end ) . The film is noteworthy only because of Loretta Young , who would go on to have a great career . While I adore Chaney 's brilliance as an actor , this whole film seems off to me and just downright creepy .
0 I 'm a great admirer of Lon Chaney , but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me . The story jumps around oddly ( I 've since learned that the film is missing a section ) , and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness . Some of the intertitles are overly explanatory ( e.g. , " why , you 're not a child anymore!"--cut back to picture for a long , slow beat--"you're a woman ! " yes , we got it the first time ) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear . ( Let 's hear Luigi and his blond girlfriend 's argument , please ! ) The plot , which involves incestuous desires ( figuratively if not technically ) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch . To the writer 's credit , this issue was treated as a problem , and a May - December match is not portrayed as the right - and - good inevitability of some Mary Pickford films ( e.g. , " Daddy - Long - Legs " ) . Chaney gives a good performance , as usual , but I think he has been better - directed in the past -- he overdid it a few times here , IMHO . I did enjoy the clown sequences , and was very impressed at the stunts . Loretta Young was charming , though astonishingly young . The film has its moments , but so far , it 's my least - favorite Chaney picture .
0 Ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie . This is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link . Acting is also very bad , despite the presence of a good actor like Ezzat El allayli . But something is really astonishing in this movie , talking about sexuality , emancipation of women , nude scenes are very rare in Arab cinema , even in this days . I really congratulate the director and the actors for their courage . We want to see more of this style in Egyptian movies , but with better quality . The reasons that led me to vote this film as an awful one are not only scenario and acting , but also the lack of prfessionalism . This movie look like an amateur one . We can see a lot of errors in the screen . If you want a good arab movie Ziab la ta'kol al lahm is not the one recommended . But if you wish to encourage the uncensored movies in all the arab world watch it and make your friends and your family do the same .
0 The Egyptian Movies has A Lot Of Filmes With High Level Of Drama Or Romance Or Comedy Or Action Even Sports ... " Ziab la Ta'Kohl AL lam " Was banned In Egypt Because It Content Nudity ( Full Frontal Female Nudity ) And This Kind Of Nudity Is Prohibited In The Egyptian Movies .. When I Saw this Movies I Felt Down ... Fool Story .. Nude Actress .. Bad Action .. Some Horror & Awful Colors .. Dear Friend .. If You Wanna See A great Egyptian Movie ... Simply : Stay Away Form " Ziab la Ta'Kohl AL lam " .. We Have Great Movies In Egypt ... We Have A Great Actors Who Won A Global Wins Like : Omar El Sheriff Or Gameel Rateb .. We Have Great Directors Like " Yousef Shahin " So Believe Me Pall .. You Do n't Need To See This Movie ..
0 I never heard of this film til it played as part of a Robert Mitchum retrospective at the National Film Theatre in London . Almost 60 years on the cast list looked tasty to say the least with seven names - in addition to top - billed Mitchum - in the public domain ; Charles McGraw , not long off The Killers , Barbara Bel Geddes , long before Dallas and arguably still better known as the daughter of Theatre Set Designer Norman , Walter Brennan , who needed no introduction , Frank Faylen , the sadistic male nurse in The Lost Weekend and the much nicer small - town mensch in It 's A Wonderful Life , Robert Preston still a decade away from Harold Hill in The Music Man with Tom Tully and Phyllis Thaxter making up the numbers . Alas , most of them were wasting their time . I looked in vain for any ' signature ' scenes given that it was Robert Wise on bullhorn . By this time he 'd made around a half dozen films and had still to find a style . The story is our old friend the range war and Mitchum must have thought it was barely a cut above the Hopalong Cassidy oaters on which he 'd cut his teeth . There are no new twists - if you do n't count the unbelievable scene when Mitchum accuses Preston of sleeping with Thaxter to gain information about her father 's plans to move his cattle . This is perfectly true but how did Mitchum KNOW ? We 've seen or heard nothing to indicate how he discovered it . On balance not a lot to be said for this .
0 Lets put it this way . I actually get this movie . I get what the writer / directer was trying to do . I understand that the dialog was meant to be dry and emotionless . I understand that the plot was supposed to be non - climactic and stale . That was what the writer / director was going for . A very very very dry humor / comedy . With all that understanding , I still think the movie sucked . It seemed like the writer / director was trying to recreate Napolean Dynamite with this movie . It had all of the same features . Even the main character behaved similar to Napolean . But Napolean Dynamite was actually funny . Its script worked . This movie is not . It has no purpose . Well , let me rephrase that . Its only purpose is to rip off Napolean Dynamite and try to capture that look and feel . Too bad it did n't work .
0 This is n't a bad movie ... but it 's the type your girlfriend makes you watch . The story is n't bad .... it just makes the hour and a half seem so long . It 's hard for me to trash this movie because I really do like the idea of it but it was just to long and thin on story ... too bad . The main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end . I mean goes through something " life changing " and he can barely break a smile . I really thought Mac was really good . His weird quirkiness kept the movie from being a complete disaster . Maybe I just do n't " get " this film . If anyone can explain it to me I 'd love to be informed .
0 In my life I have seen many great and awful movies . I am not an expert in professional reviews , but I have definitely something to say about this one . Firstly , these actors are the worst I have seen ... Their acting is so unreal that you even want to throw away the DVD in the first 2 minutes . I think that these actors were not interested in the quality . < br /><br />Another awful thing is about these dialogs - they are so lame . You sometimes feel uncomfortable when you hear them . It seems that your 14 year old son could act better . I feel that this movie had a budget similar to the cost of my 14 year old European car ... <br /><br />Please , if my message reaches you - save your time and money .
0 William Shatner in small doses is tolerable . Unfortunately , instead of leaving his character as a minor irritation , and in that moderately amusing , it has been seen fit to enlarge his role and overdo it . Just as occurred in the original Star Trek series . I guess I will never understand American humour , which frequently goes ' over the top ' to get the message through . I vote with my feet . I no longer watch the show , which is a shame , because the rest of the cast were good . It is pity that Shatner 's overdone role also , affects James Spader 's performance . But the majority demonstrate the way society is going , I guess . I do n't travel the same routes . Frank
0 I do n't think this is too bad of a show under the right conditions . I tolerated the first season.<br /><br />Unfortunately , this is a show about lawyers who are n't really lawyers . God forbid anybody actually go to law school based on these shows , which I had heard was the case when I watched some interviews of the show . It just made me gag a bit.<br /><br />That aside , Spader and Shatner , who are supposed to be the stars of the show , are the most annoying . While this might be a compliment in some situations , it 's certainly not here . Their constantly harassing the women on the show is funny at first . But since that 's what they 're doing literally all the time , I 've realized that this is as deep as the show is going to get . Trying to intersperse some serious , dramatic , and even tear - jerking moments in the middle of this mockery of a real show fails to compensate for the progressive loss of interest I 've been experiencing trying to enjoy the show.<br /><br />Alan Shore 's flamboyant and gratuitous " public service announcements " where he spouts off his opinions do not impress . Denny Crane is just annoying . I was embarrassed for him and for the writers of the show for Crane 's speech wearing a colonial outfit.<br /><br />I'm giving two stars because there are moments where I thought the show 's attempts to deal with some contemporary issues were done with care.<br /><br />I think the show 's writers became aware that the sexual harassment displayed by Denny and Alan was getting overbearing even to those who were more inviting of them from the start . The thing is , I do n't care if the sexual harassment treatment in the show is done well , but I just felt that the writer was insulting me with artificially implanting sexual banters all over the show in the hopes that my libido will keep me coming back for more . I 'm not a teenager anymore , and I think this show is promising if its goal was n't to cater to the lowest common denominator to get ratings.<br /><br />Of course , I 'm writing this after I realized that it 's really not gon na get much better than this . It 's a shame because it 's one of those shows I 'd love to love .
0 Boston legal has turned its tail and is headed for the barn door and th pig slop it has created ! When this show first aired almost four season back it was a humorous slap at the legal system which all actors seem to take pride in portraying . It was funny , diversified , and to some extent factual . The characters portrayed were acceptable and to an extent real in their portrayals . The sexual comment and activity were limited and humorous . Julie Bowen is and was beautiful as in other series she participated but is now dragged to the lower depths of Media programming of sex and violence . Julie is an excellent actress and needs a more stable platform than this " production " . Rene Adjurdubois Is an excellent actor who has from the days of " Benson " to this production held his own in the field of entertainment , always showing the humor and respectful acting of the production . Captain Kirk " is " . Funny and humorous is Candace Bergan and is to be admired for her continuing in this production and is a good actress . James Spader , there is no doubt in his acting ability , however he should go back to his XXX origins such as " Crash " as it appears he has much talent and inclination in that direction . We ask that this series be trashed as it already is and its really starting to smell ! ! !
0 We purchased this series on DVD because of all of the glowing reviews we had seen here . I gave it three stars because there can be little doubt that sometimes the acting , directing and writing are brilliant . In fact they are so brilliant we did not see the propaganda that was being transmitted so smoothly on the series . If one watches it with discernment , one will see the entire litany of the radical right wing beliefs being promulgated by the Fox ( Faux ) News Network . To avoid giving away any spoilers I will refrain from pointing out all of the dozens of specific instances . A brief look at the plots found here on IMDb will disclose that everything from torture to gun control to the right of a network to provide " Infomercials " and call them news is justified with cute plot twists and impassioned speeches given by some of the best actors in the world . We watched many shows and finally gave up in disgust when they justified torture using Attorney General Gonzales as a shining example of why all kinds of torture should be used in the name of protecting all of us . The series also manages to demean male and female gays in subtle ways by using them as plot devices depicting evil people . All in all the complete litany of the radical religious right wing.<br /><br />No doubt the popularity of this program will be used by future historians as proof that America lost its way in the early part of the this century . As a student of history myself I would characterize this program as being in a league with the propaganda produced by Goebbels for Hitler and some of the propaganda produced by Hollywood for the American audience during WWII.<br /><br />So if you want to use this as a teaching tool to help your students understand how subtle propaganda can be then by all means do so . Just be sure to purchase an inexpensive used copy so you can avoid enriching the ultra right wingers at Faux Network who produced this travesty .
0 Utterly predictable silly show about a man who has killed his wife by mowing her down when driving and claimed he had blacked out . Why was he still driving a car ? Why did he still feel able to drive a car having killed his wife with one ? This question has not occurred to the writers . The story then witters on about a psychologist and her failing marriage which is tied into the failing marriage of wife - killing blackout driver . An omniscient mother and one dimensional child are thrown in for good measure , and the whole builds up to a predictable denouement and crashing finale . Are police psychologists so easily taken in ? Deadful writing that the actors do their best with , but they are doomed to failure . This is on a par with a Harlequin Romance . Do n't waste your time watching this one unless that 's what you are aiming for .
0 " I thought I 'd be locked away in a padded cell and they 'd throw away the key " ( Thus is a paraphrased snatch of dialogue from " State of Mind".<br /><br />One wonders in what tangled forest Paula Milne and her co - writer found the magic mushrooms they must have eaten , to create this feeble " whodunnit " and bring such rubbish to our screens . A padded cell should indeed be left available.<br /><br />Niamh Cusack did her best , ( as did the other actors ) but surely her talent deserves a better vehicle than this . The height of absurdity has been reached , and this particular " State of Mind " is best buried and forgotten , and certainly not just " placed in a box and locked away in a drawer " .
0 Whatever happened to British TV drama ? From John Major through Tony Blair , the focus of the genre appears to have shifted from social realism to smugly normative women - focused tales about the piddling domestic problems of nice middle class professionals.<br /><br />(Or perhaps TVNZ does n't buy the good stuff ? Please let that be what it is ... )<br /><br />The writer 's long career in soaps probably explains why the dialogue is made up mostly of stale clichés . Niamh Cusack 's performance is strong on meaningful looks , each held by the director for at least half a dozen beats longer than they deserve . Baleful looks , however , are a poor substitute for depth of character , if the writer has failed to provide such material for actors to work with . < br /><br />Of course this is theoretically a thriller , about a murder investigation ; but that 's not as important as the central character 's failing marriage and its attendant problems . Is Cusack 's character 's husband a complete bastard ? Will her son be utterly traumatized by the marriage break up ? Making these the central issues is n't a sign of insight -- it indicates a profoundly narcissistic identification by the writer and director with a character who should be getting on with her job.<br /><br />Lynda La Plante knows how to write this stuff so that it feels as if it matters and involves viewers other than housebound neurotics ; evidently Paula Milne is n't up to the task .
0 I own 2 home entertainment stores and I 've seen a lot of bad movies in my time but this one was so bad it compelled me to register here and comment on it . How bad was it ? Let 's just say that Sofia Coppola deserved an Oscar for her performance in Godfather III when compared to Giada Colagrande 's in this movie.<br /><br />It was robotic and uninspired . Her lover has just died one month prior to her arrival at the ' Rubber House ' he had given her . Once there , she discovers he has cheated on her throughout her relationship but none of it seems to register with her . Within a day , she starts a relationship with Leslie , ( Dafoe ) the caretaker of the house . Even though she is married to Dafoe off screen , her scenes with him were cold and unemotional.<br /><br />If there was a plot , I missed it . Not even Willem Dafoe could save this movie from the amateur , cinematic train wreck that it is .
0 This title seems more like a filming exercise than a film that should have been released to be seen by the public . For Dafoe and his wife it must have been fun working together in a film for the first time , without taking into consideration that people might actually watch it . I felt like it was 90mins wasted as I waited anxiously for a plot to develop , or even begin.<br /><br />Try to fit this film into a genre and you wo n't , because it lacks a beginning , middle or ending . I 've seen ' arty ' movies before and this does n't even come close to being arty , abstract or original , it just seems to me to be completely pointless.<br /><br />I think it speaks for itself when the only persons that rated this film a 10 were the under 18 age group . No doubt for the constant pointless erotic scenes that the film was insistent on throwing at us . That is if you can call it erotic . It certainly did n't have taste .
0 Predictable , told a thousand times story with the usual drama in between , a couple of pretty raunchy sex scenes intermingled with some character paranoia , 70 's style incidental violin horror music that is comical at times , i could n't help chuckling to myself.<br /><br />I usually like Defoe , and it has to be said that the acting is not all that bad , the " plot " develops at a reasonable pace and does keep you guessing from time to time . Its just that it 's all too predictable , i felt like i was watching a made for TV drama instead of a new movie . Maybe that s the style the directors wanted , but it has to be said that the review i read on here before i saw the movie could only have been written by someone involved in its production.<br /><br />Don't expect too much , and if i could wind the clock back i would n't have gone to see it at the cinema . I would wait for the bargain bins at your video shop , I 'm sure it wo nt take long .
0 I am a huge Willem Dafoe fan , and really sought out this film ( I had to get a Region 5 Chinese DVD of it ! ) . But , it is truly one of the worst that I 've seen in quite a while.<br /><br />The acting ( except for Dafoe ) is horrible . Dafoe and Colagrande BOTH wrote and directed this ( though he is n't credited as a director ) , and they have NO discernible talents for writing or directing . ( Stick to acting Willem ; Giada get out of the business , PLEASE!)<br /><br />Absolutely nothing happens . Except a series of completely unconvincing , totally without believable motivation , acts by these two people ( that just met ) in this house . Colagrande 's sleepy , I could n't care less expression practically NEVER changes . And the sex scenes are downright lame . I actually cringed twice at one of them . Yuck ! They 're definitely not the least bit erotic , and yet are the only time the film is n't putting you to sleep . Then , it 's busy repulsing you.<br /><br />Just awful .
0 I saw this movie today at the Haifa Film Festival in Israel after hearing rave reviews , but I guess the critics were just sucking up to Willem Defoe and his wife ( the director ) who were present at the festival . It is definitely the slowest movie I have ever seen with numerous pointless , ridiculously long scenes of nothing . Besides Defoe who was decent , the acting of the two and a half other people in the movie , Defoe 's wife Giada included , was ridiculously awful ( how they cast the part of the salesgirl at the bakery is beyond me ) . This movie is pretty much plot less with a lame attempt to be abstract and off the wall . The only scene that stirred any kind of reaction in the crowd was vulgar and came from nowhere as if just to add some kind of shock value to the dullness that is this movie . Sorry for being so harsh , but really this movie is a precious waste of time and money . I appreciate good indie cinema , but this movie is not worthy of moviegoers ' time .
0 Only one thing could have redeemed this sketch . A healthy gunfight between the happy couple , the exotic model at the delicatessen , and the old - timer from the motel who was ( it would have turned out ) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent - boy to the guys when they 'd shared the rubber house . < br /><br />In the process , they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens , resolved most of the snags ; such as the " whore bitch " ode on the windscreen , the reason why the protagonist had " no friends , " as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon , incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl - space chic , the green thumb , and his attraction to the simpler life . Quite the technician with the human body , though . Ex - abortionist ? Morgue attendant ? A bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.<br /><br />It was fun watching these people move around , I guess , but Eleanora 's silly Italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes : a dick , a mind , and a pick - up truck about summed it up for him . I also wished they could have had a bit more luggage : Eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.<br /><br />Trifling matters , you may well say . I agree , although the niggling bits just did n't add up right in this rush job . Good owl - wrangling , though , and I really felt cold all the way through .
0 I understand wanting to make a movie that is edgy and different . I understand the previous reviewer comments that this is a miss - understood movie . My point is as soon as this movie ended my first comment was : " this is what happens when a rich princess wants to be a movie star and has no talent" ..... she uses daddy 's ' money to make a movie she wrote , directs , and pays for ..... obviously to close to the movie to realize there was no character development and no directions such as a beginning , middle and ending ..... the voyeur part was good and edgy but what was the point ? I saw a women go to a house , find some pictures , screw the caretaker , come out side on a very cold night ( not believable ) to check on noise and runs over her caretaker lover .... movie ends ...... some one educate my ignorant arss ? ? I really want to know what the point is .... what was the directors ' vision ..... why no development of the dead lover ? Why no background on the caretaker ? What is the point of the night vision ? What is the point of the lipstick on the car ? Why a dead caretaker ? Why tell us about an escaped mental patient / peeping tom ? What 's with the urn ? Oh and the lamp is that suppose to signify whose ' house this is ? Territorial ? Why ? Why would the caretaker feel like it 's his house ? that aspect was never pursued ...... as for William Defoe ... I rented this movie because he was in it and known for edgy characters ..... write back and do tell me what I need to learn .... I am just a mom in middle America who loves movies .... Chris ....
0 This movie was the worst i 've ever seen.<br /><br />It does n't seem to have a plot but the time you realize this is far beyond the beginning of the movie so you have to watch the shut for a long time to recognize the total incompetence of the director , aka the sloth that plays the tampon chick in the movie , and we do not believe the Willem Dafoe in this movie , he 's a clone , because the real Dafoe , like we know from " apocalypse now " and " the boon dock saints " , would never agreed to such a script.<br /><br />Duh , ( Da)foe wrote this bill shut together with his twenty years minus baby . This movie starts with the credits of the two main characters , Dafoe and Colagrande , and then the two script writers , Dafoe and Colagrande , and then the director , Colagrande.<br /><br />Bottomline ( the story ) ; Widow meets guy , guy bangs widow , widow smashes windscreen with guy who banged her.<br /><br />Title in Netherlands ; The black widow ( different title , same bullshit).<br /><br />DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE ! ! ! It 's a total waist of time ! ! !
0 I too like Dafoe as an actor but i wasted a few hours of my life actually watching this film , I still ca nt believe i managed to watch it in its entirety . Was there actually a point to the film ? , and the ending , well , I m glad i never paid to see this awful pointless piece of pathetic excuse of a film!<br /><br />Im not sure without hunting the facts out but is Dafoe married or seeing the awful actress in this film in real life , if so was it an attempt to kick start her career ? , if so i m afraid it must have failed .. <br /><br />I post this in the hope i can actually put someone off watching this film , even if 1 person takes heed of my comments and decides they would much rather watch paint drying i will feel i have made some good in the world , if only i had had the same advice ...
0 The poster who called this " Plotless and pointless " literally took the words I would have used in my subject line . The only thing I 'd add is " passionless . " For a film made by a real life married couple and featuring lots of graphic sex scenes this movie manages to make what should be a sultry situation into one beyond ice cold . Dafoe and Colagrande look bored during the sex scenes , and the viewer might as well take a Valium and have done with it . Also , please , the women in the audience have seen WAY too many used tampons in their time , and any guy who is turned on by seeing Willem Dafoe pull a bloody tampon out of his wife 's vagina really needs to get therapy.<br /><br />I think the key to the film ( if there is one ) is the restaurant scene where a waiter explains to the perpetually sleepy - eyed Dafoe what a " deconstructed jambalaya " is . ( All the ingredients of the dish still separate rather than simmered together . ) This movie is a " deconstructed thriller " . All the elements are there : spooky , isolated house , dead spouse , creepy violins on the score , weirdo caretaker who comes and goes as he pleases , auto accident deaths and near deaths , characters with a secret past . Basically every thriller cliché you can think of , but NOTHING comes together . Everything just sits there and never meshes into a coherent plot or even an artsy mood piece . At the restaurant , Dafoe passes on the " deconstructed jambalaya " . Prospective renters of this mess would do well to leave this deconstructed thriller on the video store shelf .
0 Italian - born Eleonora has inherited from her deceased lover Karl , an ultra - modern and isolated house in the middle of the woods . It 's winter and she meets the mysterious caretaker Leslie , who eventually ends up not only just looking after the house , but also that of Eleonora , as she tries to adapt to her new surroundings and a growing attraction between the pair.<br /><br />What was I expecting ? A thriller indeed , but it was n't quite so . That 's just the advertising on the package for ya ! I 'm quite perplex about everything . The title , the story and the motivation . So how to classify it ? Well , this wooden character drama is more a enigmatically moody romance bound - story of alienation , possession and dependence twisted into a complicatedly passionate relationship of two masked individuals . Co - writer ( along with William Dafoe ) and director Giada Colagrande 's art - house film is just too clinical , distant and calculated with its mysteriously metaphoric story , which it leaves you questioning what does it all really mean   although when its sudden conclusion materialises , you 'll thinking why should I actually care . What we go through feels aimless with ponderous exposition of dead air that focuses of insignificant details and images . Sterile dialogues can contributed to many awkward developments , but more so make for an leaden experience , as it never delves deep enough . Like it believes it does . The sexually salty activities filtered in just never convince and are far from erotic . They are kind of a bump in the already sluggish flow . The base of the plot makes for something interesting and fresh , but it 's never fulfilling and I thought there 'll be more to it then all of this dreary lingering . Colagrande 's direction is professionally stylish and suitably gloomy to want she imagines , but everything feels like it 's in slow motion and can get caught up admiring the same views . Most of the action stays at the one location   the house . Camera - work is potently taut , but the sullen musical score can get a bit ridiculous when it goes for some dramatically stabbing music cues that served little sense and purpose to the scenes . Giada Colagrande plays it sensually and William Dafoe sleep walks the part . He looks dog tired ! While Seymour Cassel , pokes his head in now and then.<br /><br />Just where is it heading , is anyone 's guess . Well , that 's if you can wait around for it . I think I 'll give it the benefit of the doubt , as it 's definitely not what I was expecting from this Indie film .
0 I watched the DVD ( called BLACK WIDOW in the U.S.A. ) and felt afterward that it was , indeed , a truly awful movie . But they must have cut quite a bit out of the original film , or I missed a lot . The sex scenes had very little vulgarity and no nudity ( not even a breast ) , but I 've read several other comments on IMDb.com mentioning the vulgarity and something about a tampon . I did not see anything like that , just a bad , boring film with unlikable characters and a trite , sophomoric plot . Giada Colagrande is either paralyzed from the mouth up or Botoxed to the gills , and nary an expression touches her face . And her name makes me think of super - sizing a beverage at Taco Bell : " I 'll have the Cola Grande ! " It was actually kind of fun it was so bad , I got to play like I was in my own Mystery Science Theater 3000 , noting things like the fact that Dafoe 's skin is too big for his face . It 's really like silly putty !
0 Jane Russell proved to be a delightful musical - comedy performer in the similarly titled " Gentlemen Prefer Blondes "   but , sadly , this film squanders those skills . There is a budget , and nice Paris photography , but the film just does n't work . Ms. Russell seems to be playing Marilyn Monroe . That leaves nobody to adequately play Jane Russell . Some of the other players are WAY out of their element.<br /><br />There are several embarrassing scenes ; most of all , be warned : there is a musical number where boneheaded African cannibals " cook " the brunettes in a pot , after Alan Young sings in a gorilla suit.<br /><br />This is an interesting , at times embarrassing , waste of resources . < br /><br / > * * * Gentlemen Marry Brunettes ( 10/29/55 ) Richard Sale ~ Jane Russell , Jeanne Crain , Alan Young , Scott Brady
0 I would have left the movie halfway through if I had n't been with people who liked it . The movie is based on real incidents , but it 's so over the top it did n't feel real at all . I have some psychological background , hang out with a lot of psychotherapists , and have known seriously crazy people , so it 's not that I think people like this do n't exist . But in the film , the only characters who seemed consistently human were Augusten 's father ( Alec Baldwin ) and the young Augusten ( Jack Kaedin ) . ( Although Evan Rachel Wood was an intriguing diversion - very sexy with a wicked sense of fun ) . There were a few amusing moments , but the overall tone of the movie was grim , bizarre , and nasty . What a waste of an outstanding cast ! As I watched them go through their turns , I just felt like I was watching an acting class . This was brought home during the credits , when a couple of people were shown just sitting there , not acting , not talking . Those few moments were more entertaining than the previous 2 hours .
0 to make up a movie - going audience - I 'm certainly stunned by the number of positive comments this wretched film has garnered here . I ca n't credit it , ca n't help but be suspicious , for that matter , of back alley payoffs to critics who are touting Annette Bening for an Oscar ; the hole in the kitchen ceiling might be more appropriately attributed to her scenery chewing . She 's a wonderful actress but this is an unfortunately unbalanced performance , lacking that essential quality film actors must master of catching the cadence of the screenplay and maintaining it for the duration of the disjointed madness that is a film shoot.<br /><br />I do n't really want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers ( well , Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her muzzy work ) , however , because this is a horrendous adaptation , a classic case of mistranslation ( I am prepared to assume . I have n't read the book and do n't think I will after this ) . The script launches us into the middle / muddle of unaccountable behaviour and extreme emotional angst spewing from mystifying characters who have developed relationships neither with us nor each other . It quickly becomes a grotesquely excessive tsunami - like assault that sullies characters and audience alike and left me like a survivor shaking my head at the detritus left at the end of each repetitive episode . Shock and awe would describe my reaction to frantic , bi - polar mood swings between ranting and oh - so - quiet sensitivity , the latter telegraphed by one of the most irritating , manipulative , droning soundtracks I 've heard - that is , when all this is n't being set to ludicrously incongruous toons - period stuff , ya know , but chosen with an astounding disregard for the tone of the scenes.<br /><br />How this fine cast got mixed up in this I do n't know - I ca n't believe they saw the screenplay before signing . They certainly apply their skills with commitment - I felt so sorry for the wonderful Jill Clayburgh saddled with a cartoon bag lady costume and wig trying vainly to wrench something of significance from sketchy and clichéd dialogue . In contrast , somehow , Alec Baldwin rises above the material to deliver a consistent , nuanced , real performance . Can somebody give this man a lead role of substance , please ? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes ? You 'd think the industry could make better use of him , and without appearing as hirsute as Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. < br /><br />My vote ? A standup turd , all right , but no link with heaven .
0 I am a big movie fan . I like movies of all types . This is arguably the worst movie I 've ever seen.<br /><br />I get that it follows the book closely , which raises the point that not everything should be made into a movie . Especially since the authenticity of the experiences in the book have been called into question more than once.<br /><br />These characters are not quirky , they are mentally ill . The things that happen are not funny , they are disturbing ; especially considering they are supposed to be true.<br /><br />This movie had the feel of The Royal Tenenbaums , another movie I hated , only Running With Scissors was even more dysfunctional and less funny.<br /><br />I will never get those hours back . I wanted to wash my brain after watching .
0 This movie contains no humor for anyone who has lived with a family member who has a mental illness . So many scenes reminded me too graphically of my own life experiences . This movie was the man 's version of " Mommy Dearest . " It depicts both graphically and accurately the life many children of a mentally ill parent goes through . It also shows how easy it is for a psychiatrist to become corrupt and act like they are God . < br /><br />Someone told me it was funny . No way , I say ! It is sick humor at best . < br /><br />The movie is so intense and depressing that my son and I had to leave the room . The best use for this movie is for people who do n't understand mental illness or do n't believe what we families actually do live through .
0 Not sure why this film was advertised as a wild , quirky , laugh filled comedy . There is not much in this movie that will entertain , nor amuse the moviegoer . Annette Bening ( whose acting was touted as being Oscar worthy ) comes off here as mannered , with her performance seeming routine . Brian Cox 's character is confusing and irritating , and the lead playing Augusten  Joseph Cross  appears to simply not have the personality to carry his role . The best thing about the film is Evan Rachel Wood , but she is not enough to endorse this boring , unsavory film.<br /><br />The film disappeared quickly and it seems with good reason . I found some of the scenes distasteful ( the scene with Brian Cox and his just utilized toilet rivals some of the worst scenes in ' You and Me and Everyone We Know ' and ' The Squid and the Whale ' ) , some embarrassing , and most of them unsettling . I found the whole experience a waste of time . Do n't you waste your time 
0 Absolutely the most boring movie I have ever spent my money on . This was a wrong choice for all these great stars to waste their reputations on . Boring ! boring ! boring ! Each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way . No acting talent shown -just reading a part . Alec can play realistic characters normally , Gwynyth made herself look ugly for an unrewarding part , Annette needs advise on how to pick the movies she chooses to play in as do all these big stars who have left me disappointed at the way they have all allowed their talents to be smothered in a feature that leaves much to be desired in entertainment . " Running with scissors " leads the public to anticipate great acting in a film that suggests experiencing tension and deep emotion . There was not one moment when the cast was able to portray any interpretation of this onto the screen . Maybe it was the director 's fault----whatever .
0 The film starts to slowly when we got to the cinema we thought it looked quite good but after about 5 mins we were all bored out of our minds and wondering what kind of film we had come to see , i do n't like this film and would n't recommend it to anyone , the best part of the night was when the alarm and lights came back on because the project broke down because we thought we could all go home . this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen we were all bored out of or minds and most of the people in the cinema actually RAN out of the doors at the end because it was so rubbish . i am surprised that no one walked out earlier than that . if you go and see it make sure you something to keep you busy , better still Do n't go and see it at all .
0 I wonder how the actors acted in this movie . Annette Bening was really herself , half in and half out , was she faking or being natural ? It did n't make any difference considering that even if she had been walking on the ceiling it would not have changed the pattern of the film . Brian Cox acted really well . I almost thought that he had always acted this way , tricky , dishonest , in a dirty surrounding where nobody really cared about hygiene . As for Gwyneth Paltrow , the question is what she was doing in this film.<br /><br />This film is quite sickening and disgusting . Who would pay to see such a crap ?
0 As the front cover says " The hamlet of our time , for our time".<br /><br />I had to study this filmed version of Hamlet directly after watching Keneth Branagh 's version and it was truly a disappointing experience.<br /><br />This version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality ; one very VERY homosexual Osric and an interesting interaction between Hamlet and Ophelia . I think for the time ( 60 's ) this was a very well done version of Hamlet but can not compare to Branagh 's complete version.<br /><br />just a note ... I found the video at my local video store ( in Australia ) and I 'm actually looking for a Keneth Branagh DVD to buy if such a thing even exists . If anyone knows of one please tell me .
0 Williamson 's accent is tough to wade through . He speaks incredibly quickly , like he is in a rush to get through the lines . During the soliloquies he acts as if he is talking to someone , when he is supposed to be talking to himself . All that and his bald spot just annoyed me . He was just too old for this role . In reading other accounts of Williamson , maybe he got this role because he was mad and the director decided to do a bit of life - imitates - art or forced method acting . When the actors declare Hamlet mad you believe it ! Marianne Faithful is a stunning beauty and could botch the role of Ophelia and still get a pass . The set is dark and foreboding but it does look as if shot in a real castle especially the scenes in the tunnels / corridors where the dead king shines as a great light in the sky .
0 I had to compare two versions of Hamlet for my Shakespeare class and unfortunately I picked this version . Everything from the acting ( the actors deliver most of their lines directly to the camera ) to the camera shots ( all medium or close up shots ... no scenery shots and very little back ground in the shots ) were absolutely terrible . I watched this over my spring break and it is very safe to say that I feel that I was gypped out of 114 minutes of my vacation . Not recommended by any stretch of the imagination .
0 This film deals with two ex - football players who are Fred Williamson , ( Mack Derringer ) and Gary Busey , ( Lenny ) who work as private eyes and meet all kinds of ladies and men with some bad backgrounds . Mack Derringer is approached by his ex - wife Vanity ( Jennifer Derringer ) who works at having sex talk over the telephone . Jennifer is being threatened by one caller who wants to do horrible things to her and she asks for his help along with several other ladies . Mack & Lenny have more time on their hands and often go to Miami , Fl . golf courses or hang out in a Sports Bar where all kinds of city things go on . There is lots of punches , killings and plenty of double meaning words that bring this film completely down to a big ZERO . Do n't waste your time , this film cost me only 50 cents and that was too much .
0 one of the worst films i have seen to date . Pathetic action scene and really bad acting also do not help . The only good point is Gary busey 's parts but this does not lift the film very much . it lives up to its B film ranking and passes the test with flying colours . A waste of my money although i found entertaining to begin with its gets annoying after a few watches . i do not recommend this film unless you watch it for free or its a gift . ( a gift you can ask for the receipt and send back for a complete refund).<br /><br />Really BAd.<br /><br />1/10 .
0 i do n't know what they were thinking.by they , i mean anybody even remotely connected to this disaster.i've seen so bad movies , i've seen so really bad movies , and then there 's this.but i will say one thing.whoever wrote the script has manged to put what could possibly the most inane dialogue over written , onto the screen.there is nothing good about this movie , either from a technical standpoint or any other standpoint.whoever allowed it to be made and then released should have been fired immediately.there are a few fairly well known names in this movie.actually i hesitate to use the word movie.it's more like a collection of random scenes that have no relation to another and make less than 0 sense.anyway,i fail to see why anyone with any dignity would appear in this.i got it really cheap , and i still got ripped of.even if i had gotten this movie for free , i would still have been ripped off.this is an absoluter 0/10
0 I saw this for Gary Busey and Fred Williamson thinking they were buddy cops . They are but Busey is in the opening scene then does n't show up again until like 40 minutes into the movie . Though every scene he 's in is awesome . Especially when he disguises himself as a blind hobo.<br /><br />What 's incredible about this movie is the plot . In the movie Fred Williamson is trying to find out who stalking and killing phone sex operators . At one point I think that s its Busey . But it turns out I 'm only partly right . Busey is not the killer , but he is calling up and harassing the women over the phone . Why ? I do n't know . In no way is he connected to the killer , he just does it for kicks I guess .
0 For me the only reason for having a look at this remake was to see how bad and funny it could be . There was no doubt about it being funny and bad , because I had seen " Voyna i mir " ( 1968 ) . Shall we begin ? Here we go ... <br /><br />Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Pierre Bezukhov - a lean fellow that lacks the depth of the original ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Natasha Rostova - a scarecrow , her image can cause insomnia ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Andrej Bolkonsky - an OK incarnation which , like the lean fellow ( cf . above ) , lacks depth of a Russian soul and " struggle within " ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Napoleon - a rather unimpressive leader ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Prince Bolkonsky - a turd with an English face ; Robert Dornhelm & Brendan Donnison 's Count Bezukhov - a spineless freak - show ... <br /><br />The rest of the characters are not much better.<br /><br />The movements of the actors and the way they look and speak are often atrocious . They behave like modern EU citizens dressed up for a one - day masquerade . It all looks cheap and never comes close to the standards of our Russian men and women of the early 19th century.<br /><br />A good piece of entertainment to scrutinize and make fun of . We had quite a few giggles in our office when remembering this modern product , which had been shown the previous evening on our TV.<br /><br />"User Rating : 8.0/10 ( 29 votes ) " - I guess , many young people have never watched our film ( " Voyna i mir " 1968 ) or have weird sense of " Tarantino - Spielberg " quality . Remember the scene when our hussar is saving his friend , turns around , shoots , and the bridge goes boom ? Looks like a CGI explosion.<br /><br />There is neither sense nor craft to make a better version of the novel , which was screened properly in our country once . But I would be happy to watch a Russian remake of " Gone with the Wind " . Hey , directors , wake up and get busy with that , instead of spoiling our classics.<br /><br />Now back to common sense . Jokes aside . What I mentioned above is nothing new , though deadly exaggerated.<br /><br />To make foreign actors trying to pass for Russians ( while participating in very serious epics and dramas ) is a rude mistake and the filmmakers are making this mistake again and again . Of course it results in numerous laughs - especially Clemence Poesy is uncomfortably ridiculous and her dancing and singing makes a Russian viewer think : " This sucks so much that it 's funny!").<br /><br />In order to say something new , I 'd like to mention the pace of the movie . To my mind , this new version is very patchy . The narration and the scenes are not naturally flowing - they stagger and pop up like in a modern video . Again I have to remember our " Voyna i mir " , where the action is so natural and the narration is so easy that you simply sit back and enjoy " going with the flow".<br /><br />I thought that maybe the Borodino battle would be great ( to somehow rehabilitate numerous drawbacks ) but it has turned out to be no match for the war scenes filmed in 1968.<br /><br />There should be something good in this movie after all . And there is . The actors seem to be trying hard to make it all work . They did not have a chance from the start but they still joined " the losers ' team " . Plus 1 point for that recklessness . It makes a Russian viewer uncomfortable - some scenes are ironically ridiculous though they are intended to be dramatically powerful and the actors are doing their best . It all evokes pity , and sometimes - fits of laughter.<br /><br />What I still like about this serial is the last part of it . It shows very vividly how everybody gets his or her " salary and taxes " . Besides , judging by the movie trailers I thought that the film would have an adult sex scene , which would definitely kill the whole project . But , fortunately , it does not have such rubbish . And that 's a big plus.<br /><br />"Voyna i Mir " is no " Harry Potter " and nowadays even we , here in present - day Russia , do not have enough craft to film it properly . Do I have to say that the moral quality of our life has deteriorated immensely ? Fortunately , a proper film was screened during our Soviet times . The American version of the 1950s was justified to some extent - ours did not even exist yet . There were extenuating circumstances then.<br /><br />4 out of 10 ( 1 point is given from the start , 1 point goes for the recklessness , and 2 points for the last part of the serial . Thanks for attention .
0 I did n't like this film at all ! First of all , I do n't know why , but everyone here says , that Clémence Poésy 's play is excellent , which in my opinion is absolutely wrong ! She is not like Natasha : another appearance , another character ... What 's worse , she is a very unexperienced actress and that 's why she was n't able to play this role ! She disfigured the heroine completely ! That was really disgusting to watch her play ! To my mind , that would be much better to give this role to a Russian actress , because that would be much easier for her to understand the Russian soul for a Russian person . Unfortunately , Kutuzov looked like a drunk man , who has n't shaved 2 weeks and defeated a battle in which he lost his eye ... ( Thank 's God , in this film there 're some actors , whose play was awesome ! I suppose , that Alessio Boni coped with his task very well ! I was pleasantly amazed ! He is one of the few people who 's read the book , which is very important for the play . In addition , I liked plays of our Russian actors , that was really wonderful to watch them ) ) The only thing I liked in this work was very beautiful views and amazing dresses ! My advice is to read the book and to understand a real sense , the aim , with which Leo Tolstoy wrote this masterpiece , and maybe realize the whole idea of the book ... 1 from 10
0 It 's been nearly 30 years , and I STILL hate everyone involved in this movie . It remains the worst movie I 've ever seen.<br /><br />Before seeing this , I never much minded Rivers , one way or the other . After seeing this movie , I have an allergic reaction when I accidentally see her on television.<br /><br />I got dragged to this - against my better judgment - by peer pressure . However , coming out of the theater , those friends swore an oath to never again overrule my choice of movie . Nearly thirty years later , we still carry around mental scars from this movie.<br /><br />On my deathbed , one of my regrets will be the time I wasted hoping that this movie might get better . It never did.<br /><br />If you are ever given a choice , you would prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie.<br /><br />I registered for IMDb comments just in the hope that perhaps I can warn others against viewing this movie . If I can save just one person from watching this , then my existence on this earth will have been justified .
0 Absolutely one of the worst movies of all time.<br /><br />Low production values , terrible story idea , bad script , lackluster acting ... and I ca n't even come up with an adjective suitably descriptive for how poor Joan River 's directing is . I know that there 's a special place in Hell for the people who financed this film ; prolly right below the level reserved for child - raping genocidal maniacs.<br /><br />This movie is a trainwreck.<br /><br />(Terrible ) x ( infinity ) = Rabbit Test.<br /><br />Avoid this at all costs.<br /><br />It 's so bad , it is n't even funny how bad it is .
0 Leonard Maltin compared this film to a Mel Brooks comedy . He was far too kind to Ms. Rivers , and far too cruel to Mr. Brooks . Not even the raunchiest Mel Brooks films are this tasteless , and at least they 're genuinely funny . This picture deserves a place on the hundred - worst list .
0 I remember this movie when i was 13 ( seems a lot of reviews are saying the same thing AGE 13 ! ) with a group of school buddies . We all wanted to see Billy Crystal in his first movie , and fell for the typical commercial ads telling us this was a great comedy . We suffered through about 45 minutes of it , and all agreed to leave the theater . It was grotesque & tasteless , and a far cry from the ability Billy Crystal had to make us laugh , we were not laughing . I stumbled upon this review by accident , and decided to register just to tell the rest of the world what a rot - gut waste of film this was , now if you rent this , you deserve what you get , YOU'VE BEEN WARNED ! !
0 I can not say enough bad things about this train wreck . It is one of the few movies I 've ever been tempted to walk out of . It was a bad premise to begin with , first pregnant male , but then they tried to make it a spoof . What were they spoofing all those real pregnant males ? ? ? This was the worst movie I have ever seen . If it had enough votes it would be on the IMDB bottom 100 . If it was possible to give it a zero I would , and I would still feel I had given it too much credit .
0 I am quite sure that this was the worst movie ever made . If you ca n't make a 13 year old boy laugh at silly humor you should give up comedy forever . Unfortunately Joan Rivers chose differently . The movie is full of predictable gags ( some of these are racist ) and very unfunny jokes . Particularly memorable is the scene where the doctor tells the lead character that the rabbit has died and he is pregnant ( as I write this , I can not believe this was actually a movie scene ) . The man rushes to a dead rabbit on the doctors desk and tries to give it mouth to mouth . ROTFLMAO ! NOT ! The punch line that can tell you how bad things are in this movie is " I knew I should have been on top . " ha ha ha ha ah ugh ........
0 I really ca n't believe this movie is not in the IMDB worst 250 , it is absolutely terrible . When I originally saw it I remember talking about it in a college class and two other people had also seen it . We were all telling other class members not to see it because it was so horrible . By the time we were done some others wanted to see it just because they could not believe anything was as bad as we were saying it was . Do n't be like them , just pass this by . I 'm sure everyone involved with this movie would also prefer you never see them in this movie .
0 Well to answer one persons 's question of " why does n't anyone remember this film ? " it 's because really , not that many people saw it in 1978 and it 's not been shown much on TV since . ( If it 's on video that 'd be news to me ! ) Even in the era of sometimes mindless comedies that was the ' 70s , movie - goers had the smarts to avoid this film . Unless they love Billy Crytal , Paul Lynde or Joan Rivers " that " much ! < br /><br />Paul Lynde was funnier on " Bewitched " or " Hollywood Squares " than here . Joan Rivers at this time in her career was getting laughs making cruel jokes about singer Karen Carpenter 's lack of weight ! Har - har Joan ! It also seems like every " somewhat " famous name from the era is in the cast . ( Most surprising is Doris Roberts later of " Everybody Loves Raymond".)<br /><br />Anyhow , a somewhat good idea for a storyline , a man getting pregnant instead of the woman goes to waste here . With help from a male friend Crystal gets set up with a hooker to finally lose his virginity but because she was " on top " instead of him , he gets pregnant ! ( A commentary on women taking positions of power away from men).<br /><br />Crystal 's stomach grows , he goes through all the female emotions and related feelings . Unfortunately , he is now a socially misunderstood outcast ! He 's attacked by a mob who wants him rubbed out ( I guess).<br /><br />He 's forced to go into seclusion to have his baby ... in a barn . Or if you will , a manger ( God only knows where it may have exited from ! Ewwww ! ) It turns out ( no shock here ) to be a girl ! < br /><br />Everything else about this movie is worthless and forgettable , the humor is high school level or less.<br /><br />2 stars for a good idea and a few good touching & relevant moments w/ Billy Crystal . Ignore the rest of Rabitt Test , it flunks big time!<br /><br />I ca n't believe Roddy McDowell signed on either ! ( END )
0 I saw this film when it first came out in 1978 , when I was a sophomore in high school . I took a date to see it . I did n't " get any , " needless to say , because the film was so bad ! Joan Rivers ' career never tanked as badly as it deserved after making this awful , unfunny crap . In fact , unfunny is n't a severe enough term : this film is ANTI - FUNNY ! You walk out feeling like any laughter that might have occurred was beaten out of you before it could happen . This is n't worth watching out of curiosity , or out of any sense of it being " so - bad - it's - good . " Not even the gang at MST3 K could 've made this worth watching ! The fact that Billy Crystal 's career survived this early suicide attempt is a miracle .
0 It 's difficult to precisely put into words the sheer awfulness of this film . An entirely new vocabulary will have to be invented to describe the complete absence of anything even remotely recognizable as ' humor ' or even ' entertainment ' in " Rabbit Test . " So , as a small contribution to this future effort , I 'd like to suggest this word : < br /><br />"Hubiriffic " ( adj . ) A combination of ' hubristic ' and ' terrific ' ; used to describe overly ambitious debacles like the film " Rabbit Test." < br /><br />Joan Rivers and " Hollywood Squares " producer Jay Redack have severely over - reached their meager abilities to amuse in this 82-minute festival of wretchedness . Trying to put together an Airplane ! style comedy with a moldy collection of gags , ( Note to Joan : German doctors have n't been funny since Vaudeville ) disinterred from their graves in the Catskills - that 's is bad enough . But compounding this cinematic crime is River 's directorial style , which can best be described as ' ugly ' , and a cast of once - and - future has - beens so eager to please they overplay even the weakest of throwaway gags.<br /><br />Adrift in this Sargasso Sea of sap is a hapless Billy Crystal in his film debut role as the film 's hapless protagonist Lionel . Watching Crystal in this pic is much like watching a blind person take a stroll in a minefield ; eventually the cringe reflex becomes a semi - permanent condition as cheap joke after cheap joke blows up in his face.<br /><br />I can only speculate about the sort of audience who might actually like Rabbit Test . Cabbages , mollusks and mildly retarded lizards are all likely candidates . But for self - aware , thinking humans - I 'd enthusiastically recommend pouring bleach in your eyes before I 'd recommend " Rabbit Test . "
0 Turkish Cinema has a big problem . Directors are n't interested in global cinema . They are local and folkloric , but want to be international . This brings kitsch results such this movie.<br /><br />Film has jokes translated to Spanish from Turkish and they do n't have any meaning for non - Turkish audiences . Even for Turkish audiences after 10 years.<br /><br />Players , even Ferhan SENSOY have a worse acting than average . They act like puppets.<br /><br />Movie was shot in Cuba , but nothing includes about Cuba . So Cuba is thought like a banana republic.<br /><br />Waste of money , waste of time .
0 This was allocated to the fans as the " winner takes all " match occurred between two separate " companies " ( the World Wrestling Federation and the " Alliance " : an amalgamation of former WCW and ECW superstars . Because the final match to duduce the superior company was a tag - team match , the wrestlers were confined to tossing opponents from each side of the ring to another ; each wrestler concludes that in order to debiliate their opponents and to intensify the match , interfernce is necessary . Each wrestler merely pummels an opponent with punches , executes a special move , and tags in a partner . The storyline had previously been tarnished by the subterfuge of Vince that a member of the Allance would be fradulent and join the WWF . It was obvious , with that statement , that the WWF would prevail . Overall : very innovative storyline but poor execution , which is not the scarcity of the wrestlers because the match format is tag - team . The remaining matches are just revolting:<br /><br />Edge versus Test : potent " big boot " by Test , but this did not display the true talents of both stars < br /><br />Al Snow Versus Christian : good match but superflous to the pay - per - view < br /><br />Taji versus William Regal : the worst match of the night < br /><br />Immunity Battle Royal : This was an outstandingly fun match to watch , but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event , only a wrestler who characteristically appears on " Heat " and is probably a WCW light - heavyweight reject ( i.e. the Hurricane who is merely hired as an entertainer)<br /><br />Hardy Boyz Versus Dudley Boyz : The best match of the night : Jeff Hardy executed a " Swanton Bomb " from the summit of a cage and through a wooden table and Matt was wedged into the cage , which appeared to be extremely painful.<br /><br />Because Stone Cold was the WWF champion , Rob Van Dam was the Hardcore Champion , and Kurt Angle was a " mole " in the alliance , all fundamental stars in the main event on the faction of " the Alliance " were granted work after the match 's outcome , except for Booker T. , who recently attacked a wrestler on " Raw " and will inevitably be given work . Shane McMahon will return to television somehow , and everyone desired to witness the downfall and demise of " the Alliance " to see Stone Cold out of work . The WWF has done much better . A match in which all tiltes were brought to one faction would have been better , and what ever became of Casket and Iron Man matches ?
0 WWF Survivor Series 2001<br /><br />This was among the worst events of 2001 . Perhaps its biggest flaw was the fact that it did n't follow suit to most of the previous Survivor Series ' . There was only ONE survivor series match . And that Survivor Series match went on for 45 minutes . What 's more , anyone with a working brain would know that it would end with The Rock versus Austin and The Rock prevailing for his team . And do n't get me started on the preview before the event . No matter who won it was obvious that no one was going to f***ing die . There was no need for all of that pointless hype . Whatever the storyline , it was just a wrestling event.<br /><br />And as for the rest of the matches : the first match was Christian defending his European title against Al Snow . It was a good fast paced match and its good to see a heel winning a match fairly . William Regal versus Tajiri was boring and we 've seen it 2 or 3 times before . Edge versus Test was good but nothing great . The tag titles steel cage match was the best match of the evening . The battle Royal went on for 10 minutes and no one really cared who 'd win in the first place . The Women 's title match was n't great . No , not in the slightest . The main event must have been the most hypocritical match in history . The Alliance lost but guess what , after 5 months every single Alliance superstar returned . The match itself was poor . The Rock eliminated 3 of them and Jericho eliminated 2 . The Rock was too caught up with his acting to be there when the invasion began . Jericho was the one that jeopardised the whole match . If I wanted any 2 to be eliminated in the early going it would be them . Everyone knew that Kane , Big Show and Undertaker were just fall guys . 7 matches is n't enough for a Survivor Series . If there 's ever a Survivor Series as bad as this again I 'll
0 T. Rama Rao made some extremely beautiful films in the 1980s , but he seems to be a filmmaker who can not mature with the changing times , styles and fashions . He 's like stuck with the same old - fashioned film - making style.<br /><br />Actors are not bad , not good either . Anil Kapoor generally acts convincingly his two roles of a father and his son , but the flawed script often makes him look funny and pathetic . Rekha is good , but then - she 's always good , and here she 's nothing more than such . She makes the best of what she is given , but she always does that . In conclusion , nothing great at all . Raveena is OK , which means ordinary , not bad , not good , nothing.<br /><br />This film is melodramatic , occasionally stupid . Maybe it 's a delayed film ? Well , even then it still would be below standard . The script is terrible , the film is overdone , and the story goes nowhere . It feels like a film made in the early 1990s , but the script makes it look even older , the style is like from the 1950s.<br /><br />Don't recommend , unless you 're a big fan one of the starring actors .
0 The film released at the start of 2000 alongwith MELA both disasters So sad to start a millennium with such nonsense < br /><br />The film seems to suit 70 's but looks like an unintentional comedy for 2000<br /><br />Anywayz some classic gems from the film : Paresh Rawal I do n't understand to laugh at his role or cry Reason : He goes searching his mother in the village worst part is when he realises a secret of Anil he keeps the secret in his stomach which becomes big and makes him look pregnant I remember in my childhood my teacher told me the same joke Urrf ! ! ! ! as a child i laughed at it that time but here?<br /><br />The whole film is a joke ca n't explain We have Anil in a dual role(One older and younger ) and Rekha playing the older 's wife and Raveena the youngers We also have reject Harish while Shakti playing the son of Aruna Irani who both fight on who has the worst wig < br /><br />Direction is outdated Music is bad < br /><br />Anil tries hard looks too old in the younger role and too young in the older role yet good effort Rekha is adequate , Raveena too is okay Harish is bad Shakti Kapoor is terrible Aruna Irani is as usual Rajnikant is okay in a cameo
0 I just saw this movie on Flix after timer - taping it . I grew up watching F Troop and had a major hard for Wrangler Jane so I was shocked , literally shocked , to find out after seeing this film that the degenerate homicidal nurse was Melody Patterson , who looks pretty good but also looks completely different and is unfortunately poorly photographed . I would never have guessed it was her in a million years . What the hell is she doing in a picture like this ? I agree with the guys here that the movie lacks what it 's pushing . No sex , no gore , no tease . It 's also a remake of the Atomic Brain aka Monstrosity ( 1964 or thereabouts ) . Most of the action is tedious ; the main character spends enormous amounts of time running around the crazed doctor 's house and basement , and the neighborhood in general , or being roughed up by the cop , all of it boring and time - filling . Now if the Italians would have made this , half the film would have been the Slingblade / Uncle Ernest / Jack Elam henchman fondling the unconscious nude girls . But you only get that for 20 seconds .
0 THE IMMORTALIZER was , uh , interesting . It certainly did n't kill me during its hour and a half duration , but it did n't impress me much either . A group of kids are abducted in an alley by musclehead mutants ( in a scene featuring cinema 's least convincing head crushing sound effect ) and taken to a fancy house in the suburbs . Here Dr. Divine and his team are performing brain transplants for his rich old patients so they can have young bodies again . Hey , this was quietly remade with a big budget a few years later as FREEJACK ! Who knew that when you transplant an old person 's brain into a different body that their new voice will sound exactly like their old voice ? With all this talk of pineal glands and the use of a glowing green serum , you can almost see visions of FROM BEYOND and RE - ANIMATOR dancing in the producers ' heads . But the production literally does n't have the guts to pull it off . I 've never understood why , when someone is making a low budget horror film , that they do n't pack it to the edge of the frame with gore . The acting is uniformly terrible , with the only good performance coming from Clarke Lindsley as the assistant Dr. Price . He has a nice evil laugh . The only other thing of note about THE IMMORTALIZER is that it features lots of old people doing their own stunts . Seriously , most of the cast takes some serious bumps for old folks .
0 Bradford Dillman plays a scientist who wakes up one morning in the middle of a bloody crime scene ; having partial amnesia ( or " global amnesia " , which one character claims to define as elective loss of memory ) , the scientist finds a private detective in the phone book in the hopes of piecing his life back together . Abhorrent concoction very loosely based on Walter Ericson 's book " Fallen Angel " ( filmed in 1965 as " Mirage " with Gregory Peck ) . It was probably too racy for television -- what with drugs and hippies added to the mix -- that NBC initially refused to air it , which is how this low - budgeter wound up in theaters . Director James Goldstone gets freaky with the hyperkinetic visuals and camera - tricks , while editor Edward A. Biery goes wild with the zig - zag cuts . Unfortunately , their admittedly - colorful gimmicks can not cover up the weaknesses of this updated plot , and the acting is woefully overripe . Dillman , under pressure to recall the events of the night in question , goes through an Actor 's Seminar of tics , stammers , nose - wipes , and crazy half - laughs while spitting out dialogue like , " Dream ... a dream ... drugs ... yeah , drugs ... that SOUND ... bells ... help ! " As a villainous fellow scientist with a Cheshire Cat smile , Pat Hingle nearly upstages Dillman in the Grand Thespian department by continually addressing everyone in baby - talk , strutting about like a middle - aged peacock and twisting his mouth around in agony . Hope Lange 's scientist / love - interest is given the short shrift , but not before she screams at indifferent - lover Dillman : " What do I have to do , talk Ape Man ? Me want You ! " This is one frantic " Jigsaw " ! * 1/2 from * * * *
0 I doubt Jigsaw was hip even at the time , the whole LSD theme married to a murder mystery being a patently obvious attempt to grab a young audience of the era without in the least truly showing any understanding of the sixties counterculture . The dated aspect aside , Jigsaw suffers from many problems , including overwrought acting , silly and stilted dialogue , LSD flashbacks that go on interminably long even after the point has been hammered home in the first 60 seconds , a failure to create any true suspense even though the actual plot is , on paper , a great vehicle to do just that , and an ending that is so trite and predictable ( not to mention reminiscent of a lot of bad television shows ) that the climax is actually an anti - climax . If it was a better movie , we might be able to suspend disbelief on a few things where it would help enjoyment , but the weaknesses are so glaring they only serve to highlight the improbabilities viewers might otherwise overlook . I saw Jigsaw on television and it is definitely late night TV fare meant to fill airspace and pass the time to kill somebody 's insomnia rather than anything anybody ought to actively seek out . At very best , a three out of 10 .
0 Nell Shipman attempted a plot to lead up to a chase finale in ' Back to God 's Country ' of the previous year , and she failed miserably . This time , she does better , although it seems pointless . ' Something New ' hardly has a plot lying outside of the chase . There 's a brief premise , which sets up the hero ( co - author and Shipman 's boyfriend ) to have to save the girl ( played by Shipman ) , then it 's nothing but an exciting , implausible chase from there . Of course , it plays out like an hour - long advertisement for a Maxwell Sedan , but the entire movie is congruously ridiculous . It does n't seem that she learned much from the last - minute rescue films of D.W. Griffith or its parodies by Mack Sennett and other comedians , which she 's imitating.<br /><br />One point of interest is that Shipman writes and directs herself into the film as the writer of the film 's story , which has as its protagonist a writer ( Shipman again ) , although she does n't do much else clever or humorous with it , even though she attempts to . Again , others had pioneered the writer 's joke in the intertitles , like Anita Loos with ' Wild and Woolly ' or Frances Marion with ' A Girl 's Folly ' ( both 1917 ) . At least , Shipman gives the impression that she does n't take herself or the film seriously -- and neither do I. ' Something New , ' despite its claim , is hackneyed .
0 Being a fan of silent films , I looked forward to seeing this picture for the first time . I was pretty disappointed . < br /><br />As has been mentioned , the film seems to be one long , long , commercial for the Maxwell automobile . < br /><br />Perhaps if the chase scene was about half the length that it is , I may have enjoyed the film more . But it got old very fast . And while I recognize that reality is stretched many times in films , without lessening a viewer 's enjoyment , what was with the Mexican bandits ? I mean , they are chasing a car through the mountains , a car that most of the time is moving at about one mile per hour , yet they ca n't catch up to it ?
0 Nell Shipman must have been paid a hefty sum of money to promote the Maxwell automobile 's off - road capabilities . The plot of the movie is pretty simple , Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of writer 's block , and needs inspiration , so she goes to visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere . There she meets the hero ( Bert Van Tuyle ) , a cowboy who chooses to drive a car rather than ride a horse . While Nell is visiting with her father 's partner at his mining camp , a gang of local bandits kidnap her and bring her to their camp deep in the wilderness . The hero needs to get to her quickly , so he decides to drive there in his car . This is where the film takes a weird twist . Bert proceeds to drive over every terrain imaginable , huge rocks , small streams , heavy brush , scraggly tree stumps , steep inclines , etc etc , for the greater part of the film we get to see this car struggling to crawl over obstacles . Now mind you , this is n't a modern - day ATV , it 's a 1920 Maxwell automobile , so it looks very out - of - place as an off - road vehicle . And it clearly has limitations for some of the terrain it encounters , we get to see it stuck more than once in this film . But the filmmakers made an effort to show it beating the odds and eventually passing all the obstacles . Once the hero gets to the hidden camp and rescues the girl , he jumps in the car with her and drives off with the bandits in hot pursuit ( on horseback ) , and at this point it became hysterically funny to me . Watching this car slowly rolling over huge rocks , getting stuck in gravel and mountain brush , going forward and back to get momentum enough to pass over fallen tree limbs , the bandits should have had ample time to catch up . But they never do , even though we are to believe this wilderness chase goes on throughout the night . And in a silly climax , the car climbs a mountainside , and helps Nell and the hero push a huge boulder down the side to crush the pursuing bandits.<br /><br />After seeing this film you would think the army should invest in 1920 Maxwell automobiles because they clearly have better off - road capabilities than Hummers and Bradley tanks combined . Watch this film just for laughs , it 's worth it just to see Nell cuddling up to the car grill and saying " You did your best , brave little car "
0 I enjoy quality crapness , and this ranks up there with some of the finest . the cg is out of this world , or at least pre - dates our world , and the insanity of a 6 foot bloke in a rat outfit chasing after people is laughably bad . I quite enjoyed some of this , but the acting is so goddamn awful , and even the obligatory nude scene does n't really have any baps out in it . just a complete waste of time if ever i saw one . I do n't know who wasted more time , me watching this , or the poor saps who got dragged into making it in the faint hope that this will launch their acting careers . I can assure you , it wo nt . However , on a brighter note , I have managed to successfully do the 6 degrees of Kevin Bacon from this movie , so I think it was almost worthwhile watching the 91 minutes of it .
0 Yes , this is one of THOSE movies , so terrible , so insipid , so trite , that you will not be able to stop laughing . I have watched comedies , good comedies , and laughed less than my wife and I laughed at this movie . The other comments give the idea well enough . The characters are so unpleasant you cheer the rats on , the effects are so poorly done you wonder whose elementary school art class was in charge , the acting-- oh the acting-- talk about tired dialogue and embarrassing pauses.<br /><br />But the rat , yes , the big rat . Why we did n't get to see the rat until the end rather surprised me . Often the ' big one ' is n't shown until the end because the budget is limited and good effects chew up so much money . I surmise , however , that in this case the big rat was hidden until the end because the filmmakers were ashamed that the best they had was a guy running around dressed up like a woodchuck with third - world dentistry.<br /><br />The most sublime part of the whole movie is the elevator scene . After figuring out that the rats could n't stand loud noise ( migraines from the bad acting ? ) , the main dude rigs up a fire alarm to send the rats into a frenzy . If you 've ever wanting to see a pair of rats waltz while blood squirts out of their heads like a geyser , this film is for you . Really , you need to rent it and see for yourself.<br /><br />But not for more than 99¢ , OK ?
0 well after watching this i can say that it ai n't the worst movie ever made , , yes folks there is worse than this , , there are some good points to the movie , , you get to watch drunken teenagers , have horrible deaths , , and cute looking rats eating some science experiment , and getting grotesquely huge , , the drunk janitor , , the cranky doctor , , and yes a girl in thong underwear that has absolutely no shame , , dumb jocks , , i could'nt personally wait for the rat to eat these drunken fools , , i was rooting for the rat the e ntire time , , it had a good premise , , the first part of the movie , , was interesting though with the scientific explantation about the rats , , and the little back story , , but i think that it ruined when the dumb drunken horny teenagers come into play , , the rat in my opinion , the one that get 's lost , , her name is Brenda , was so fake , , must have been a cGi rat , , looked like a guy dressed up in a beaver suit , , this was pretty schlocky , lame , , but not totally horribble , ,
0 This film is easily one of the worst ones I have ever seen . And I do n't mean that in a good way . We wanted to see a crappy horror / thriller , so we picked the one that seemed to be the lousiest in the store . For once , the film was everything we 'd expected . And more ! ( or should I say less?)<br /><br />The actors look like they are reading their lines from posters behind the camera . The so - called special effects are created by putting red see - through plastic in front of the camera to give the impression that we are seeing through the eyes of the killer rats . And the script ? Do n't even get me started on the script ... And just when you thought it could n't get any worse , it turns out that the first part of the film was Oscar - material compared to the ending.<br /><br />Take it from me , this film is hilarious if you 're into crappy horror - films , but if you want a GOOD film , keep on looking . This is not for you .
0 Altered Species starts one Friday night in Los Angeles where Dr. Irwin ( Guy Vieg ) & his laboratory assistant Walter ( Allen Lee Haff ) are burning the midnight oil as they continue to try & perfect a revolutionary new drug called ' Rejenacyn ' . As Walter tips the latest failed attempt down the sink the pipes leak the florescent green liquid into the basement where escaped lab rats begin to drink it ... Five of Walter 's friends , Alicia ( Leah Rown in a very fetching outfit including some cool boots that she gets to stomp on a rat with ) , Gary ( Richard Peterson ) , Burke ( Derek Hofman ) , Frank ( David Bradley ) & Chelsea ( Alexandra Townsend ) decide that he has been working too hard & needs to get out so they plan to pick him up & party the night away . Back at the lab & the cleaner Douglas ( Robert Broughton ) has been attacked & killed by the now homicidal rats in the basement as Walter injects the latest batch of serum in a lab rat which breaks out of it 's cage as it grows at an amazing rate . Walter 's friends turn up but he ca n't leave while the rat is still missing so everyone helps him look for it . All six become potential rat food ... <br /><br />Also known as Rodentz Altered Species was co - edited & directed by Miles Feldman & has very little to recommend it . The script by producer Serge Rodnunsky is poor & coupled together with the general shoddiness of the production as a whole Altered Species really is lame . For a start the character 's are dumb , annoying & clichéd . Then there 's the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist , the monster he has created , the isolated location , the stranded human cast & the obligatory final showdown between hero & monster . It 's all here somewhere . Altered Species moves along at a fair pace which is just about the best thing I can say about it & thankfully does n't last that long . It 's basically your average run - of - the - mill killer mutant rat film & not a particularly good one at that either.<br /><br />Director Feldman films like a TV film & the whole thing is throughly bland & forgettable while some of the special effects & attack scenes leave a lot to be desired . For a start the CGI rats are awful , the attack sequences feature hand - held jerky camera movement & really quick edits to try & hide the fact that all the rats are just passively sitting there . At various points in Altered Species the rat cages need to shake because of the rats movement but you can clearly see all the rats just sitting there as someone shakes the cages off screen . The giant rat monster at the end looks pretty poor as it 's just a guy in a dodgy suit . There are no scares , no tension or atmosphere & since when did basements contain bright neon lighting ? There are one or two nice bits of gore here , someone has a nice big messy hole where their face used to be , there 's a severed arm & decapitation , lots of rat bites , someone having their eyeball yanked out & a dead mutilated cat.<br /><br />Technically Altered Species is sub standard throughout . It takes place within the confines of one building , has cheap looking CGI effects & low production values . The acting is n't up to much but it is n't too bad & a special mention to Leah Rowan as Alicia as she 's a bit of a babe & makes Altered Species just that little bit nicer & easier to watch ... <br /><br />Altered Species is n't a particularly good film , in fact it 's a pretty bad one but I suppose you could do worse . Not great but it might be worth a watch if your not too demanding & have nothing else to do .
0 What a terrible film.<br /><br />It starts well , with the title sequence , but that 's about as good as it gets.<br /><br />The movie is something about rats turning into monsters and going on a killing spree . The acting is n't so much poor , but the script is pointless and the film is n't even scary despite the atmospheric music.<br /><br />It really is amazing that some group cobbled together this bag of rubbish and thought it would make a good film.<br /><br />It is n't a good film . It 's trash , and I urge you not to waste a minute of your life on it ! One out of ten .
0 Spoiler below , but read on or you 'll never know the horrible fate that awaits all planing to rent " Rodentz".<br /><br />On a moonlit night , in a remote research laboratory , a major medical breakthrough is about to have deadly results . A chemical compound that was created to " hunt and destroy " deadly cancer cells has leaked from the hazardous waste disposal system into the building 's basement . Now , the rodents involved in the laboratory experiment upstairs are not the only rats in the facility that will become the altered species . Professor Schultz , a leading bio - researcher , has just determined that the addition of a new enzyme now enables his " hunt and destroy " formulation to regenerate for the length of time necessary to neutralize deadly cancer tumors . When three varying degrees of the new mixture are administered to three different rats and the rest poured down the faulty " Waste Hazard " sink , shocking side - effects result in a night of terror ..... right ..... <br /><br />Seriously , this is probably the worst film I 've seen this year . Everything about it screams " Low - budget ! " , from the horrendous acting to the special effects which are some of the worst I 've ever seen . The characters are clichéd morons and act in stupid , predictable ways : walking down dark hallways alone , looking for a cat , tripping and falling so the " rats " can catch up with them , boarding themselves up in a small room , etc . < br /><br />While some films are cheaply made , this film really takes the cake . Every possible corner is cut , everything from reusing earlier shots , filming the " Lab " hallways from different angles to make it look bigger ( That reminds me -- why were only TWO guys working in this freakin ' massive building ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ) , to music and special effects that could be done on a children 's workshop PC.<br /><br />That brings me to the worst aspect of this steaming pile of dung -- the special effects . Just horrendous . The computer generated rats look so fake and stand out in every scene so even the dumbest of film buffs could see they are computer generated . And that giant rat suit -- OH MY GOD ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! seriously , are we supposed to believe that freaking beany baby is a monster ? Just pitiful ........ On the better side , some of the gore looks pretty cool , especially considering the budget . < br /><br />The actors all suck . no one involved with the production cared or knew what they were doing . I 've wasted enough time with review , just take my advice , it 's garbage . 1/10.<br /><br />About the DVD : The transfer sucks , the audio is passable and there 's a commentary track on the disk by the director and two of his friends , who say they had absolutely nothing to do with making the film but were there to ask questions and make comments . All three of these sub - human primordial slime are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others . I do n't want to waste any more of you kind reader 's time or mine , for I am starting to remember more than I want to about this film ..... DVD rating : 1/10 .
0 Well then . I just watched an crap - load of movies -- all with varying degrees of quality . I was n't too sure about which one I wanted to review first . Then it hit me like a sack - a - rats : Rodentz . Warn people about Rodentz . This monstrosity stars nobody and is painfully dull to sit through . And it 's about mutant rats killing people . Yeah ... real freaking ' original . " Food of the Gods , " or " Willard " anyone ? Those were better than this , and that does n't say much ... <br /><br />**POSSIBLE SPOILER**Okay here 's the story : Inna laboratory the scientist and his plucky assistant are experimenting on rats and their laboratory is in a crappy neighborhood and crappy building and the plucky assistant 's moronic friends show up drunk and everyone becomes food for the crazed rats and just about everybody dies and , oh yeah , there 's one giant rat that looks crappy , but it gets killed , the end . There , all in once sentence ! Spoiler , you say ? Ppfff ! ! I beg to differ ! The second we all realize that there 's a giant rat , we all know it 's gon na die eventually!!**END SPOILER**<br /><br />Here 's the breakdown:<br /><br />The Good : < br /><br />--Well , I watched it for free , but for everyone else ... hmmm , no . There 's nothing good here . < br /><br />Didn't Hurt It , Did n't Help : < br /><br />--Um ... well . the gore was decent . --Very average cinematography . < br /><br />--CG rats not as bad as they could 've been in some shots ... <br /><br />The Bad : < br /><br />-- ... and in other shots , the CG rats were pathetically cheap - looking . Look , if your film has a low budget , maybe you should n't rely on CG . Lesson to take to heart . < br /><br />--The acting is extremely poor.<br /><br />--The characters are beyond uninteresting -- we have a mish - mash of clichés and none of them are even done that well . < br /><br />--Booooooooooooring.<br /><br />--Been done before -- plenty of times . < br /><br />--Stupid story , just stupid.<br /><br />--Giant rat looks like fat man in poorly conceived bear costume -- that was kind of funny -- but not funny enough to give this film any worth.<br /><br />--Retarded , unrealistic , and boring dialog . < br /><br />--All the college student rat chow people are drinking Tequila from huge plastic milk jugs -- and yet they do n't appear to be drunk for anything longer than a few seconds . Way to stick with continuity , guys.<br /><br />The Ugly : < br /><br />--This film is bad . Simply terrible . Worse than you might imagine . It 's not even laughably bad like , for instance , " Scarecrow " ( 2002 ) or " House of the Dead . " Now those movies are crap you can enjoy . Even if they do make you stupider.<br /><br />Memorable Scene : < br /><br />--The lame action - movie ending , complete with uninjured heroes and explosion . Because it did n't feel at all like the rest of this monstrosity -- but still sucked.<br /><br />Acting : 2/10 Story : 1/10 Atmosphere : 2/10 Cinematography : 4/10 Character Development : 0/10 Special Effects / Make - up : 4/10 Nudity / Sexuality : 1/10 ( I was tending to my son occasionally during the film , so I may have missed it , but was supposedly in there ) Violence / Gore : 4/10 Dialogue : 2/10 Music : 1/10 ( average for the time ) Writing : 1/10 Direction : 2/10<br /><br />Cheesiness : 7/10 Crappiness : 9/10<br /><br />Overall : 1/10<br /><br />Watch it only if you love rat and vermin - based horror films . Wait ... Check that . Do n't watch it . It 's crap.<br /><br />(www . ResidentHazard.com )
0 Winter Kills is a terrible , incoherent and very disappointing conspiracy comedy - thriller from little - known director William Richert . While watching the film , I honestly felt as if I was the emperor in the classic fable The Emperor 's New Clothes . The film made me feel like a fool because I could n't make head nor tail of the serpentine plot and the nonsensical characters . But I felt kind of embarrassed to admit to myself that the film was tying my brain up in knots . So I stuck with it to the end , hoping that the whole tangled mess would untangle itself . Then I realised .... the film is SUPPOSED to be serpentine , nonsensical and illogical , because that 's the whole point . This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theorists , with the knotting - up of the plot used as a metaphor for the knotting - up of truths , half - truths and lies that define any conspiracy . Even when I got that the joke was on me , I still felt Winter Kills to be a pretty awful movie.<br /><br />Young Nick Kegan ( Jeff Bridges ) is the younger brother of a former United States President who was assassinated in Philadelphia . Nick is present when a dying man claims that he shot the President and gives detailed information about where he hid the gun . Nick follows the clues , but every step of the way the people helping him seem to die in mysterious circumstances . Also , his father Pa Kegan ( John Huston ) , a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman , keeps interfering with Nick 's investigation . The deeper he delves into the assassination , the more Nick realises that he is descending into a web of complex lies and red herrings , where nothing is as it seems and no - one can be trusted.<br /><br />The film is an utter nightmare to follow , and in many ways is not worth trying to follow for the afore - mentioned reason that it deliberately tangles itself up . The cast is packed with extraordinary talent but most of them are wasted . Toshiro Mifune has one of the briefest and most pointless cameo roles in cinematic history ; Elizabeth Taylor appears uncredited and has not a single line of dialogue ; Richard Boone is given what seems to be an interesting role but his character goes nowhere . John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and provides us with the film 's few enjoyable moments with his acerbic delivery . Anthony Perkins also gets a creepy role and handles it well , though his screen time is far too short to do complete justice to the character . Some nudity and sex scenes are tossed in for no real reason and , while they 're quite graphic and might appeal to voyeurs , they really belong in another film . The film 's semi - comic climax is farcical and disappointing , yet paradoxically memorable in its weird little way . There 's obviously a cult audience out there somewhere for Winter Kills .... but I wo n't be counting myself among its number .
0 With an absolutely amazing cast and crew , this might have been a classic . Instead it is a repetitive paraphrasing of all the conspiracy theories extant in 1979 about the JFK assassination grafted , rather pointlessly , on to a vaguely incoherent plot about the murder of fictitious president Kegan in 1960 . Many superb character actors are wasted as they are either not given enough to do - Sterling Hayden or Eli Wallach , for instance , or they are asked to go rather luridly over the top - John Huston . Jeff Bridges and Anthony Perkins do manage to acquit themselves very well , in their very different ways , though.<br /><br />The photography is gorgeous , but does not justify an hour and a half of your life , or the price of the DVD purchase .
0 i ca n't say i liked this movie very much.it has some amusing moments , but it does n't seem able to make up its mind whether it is a comedy or a drama.it does n't really work as either.it's too light in tone to be a drama , and the amusing moments are few and far between.it also does n't make a lot of sense.things seem to happen for no reason.and it 's also extremely convoluted.i feel like they just made things up as they were going.if they had just taken a bit of time to explain things , this might have been a better movie.i would say the ending was anti climatic , but that would mean the rest of the movie had actually been building up to something , which it didn't.it just sorts ends , and that 's that.i did n't find it boring , really , but like i said , there there just is n't any point.i'll give Winter Kills a reluctant and weak 3/10
0 From the pen of Richard Condon ( The Manchurian Candidate 1962 ) comes this muddled tale of political intrigue and assassination . The story , told in almost comic book fashion is difficult to swallow . All - star cast considered , this poor effort is not entirely the fault of the cast and crew : the novel was replete with the same short - comings . It seems as though at times the story is actually mocking the more sincere effort put forth in " Manchurian Candidate . " A disappointment on all counts .
0 Ah WINTER KILLS , based on the novel by Richard Condon which deals with a conspiracy that killed the president of the United States 20 years ago . I knew Condon also wrote THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE which dealt with a similar theme and was looking forward to seeing an intelligent thriller < br /><br />WINTER KILLS left me cold . It 's not a thriller - It 's a piece of worthless crap , possibly the worst movie I 've seen this month and boy have I seen a lot of bad movies in June . The problem lies in both the direction and the script and seeing as William Richert was responsible for both then he should be blamed entirely for this unfunny farce < br /><br />There 's two things wrong with this movie . First off is the way everything is presented in a totally over the top manner . It 's not as OTT as say something like that James Bond movie with David Niven and Peter Sellers but everything has a farcial edge to it with actors completely mugging their performances . This might have been justified if there was entertainment value to the movie but there 's none . As a satire it 's very silly , so silly that it becomes almost unwatchable . Secondly the scenes seem to have been cut so much that they 're rendered senseless . Take for example a scene where the hero is confronting a loopy militia leader called Dawson . Dawson tells the hero he has 30 seconds start then it cuts to the hero being on board a plane . The scenes begin and end with no rhyme nor reason < br /><br />A dire movie that 's an ordeal to sit through
0 I watched the pilot and noticed more than a few similarities between 3 lbs and House , M.D .. Tucci 's character is brilliant but socially inept out of choice , similar to Laurie 's character House , but without the acerbic wit that Laurie brings to House . Meanwhile , Tucci 's ' straight guy ' , the emphatic doctor Seger , is not developed into a more interesting character , like the fallible ' straight guys ' Cuddy and Wilson . Indira Varma 's character Adrienne Holland is too similar to Jennifer Morrison 's doctor Cameron to be a co - incidence.<br /><br />Someone at CBS obviously noticed the success of House , M.D. and told his staff to get him ( her ) a similar show , hoping that mimicry would prove successful . However , copying a show like House demands the same high level balance of wit and suspense and Tucci and company are just not up to the challenge.<br /><br />I did n't know the show was canceled until I read the comments on IMDb , but it does n't come as a surprise to me .
0 3lbs is obviously just a self indulgent programme for Stanley Tucci to be a producer / moody deep doctor . Unlike House he has absolutely no personality and unlike Grey 's Anatomy the brain surgery cases are't even interesting . This programme is supposed to be set in a leading centre for Neurlogical cases - yet there 's nothing interesting or exciting going on ! Not even the so called pathetic ' feud ' between him and a rival adds anything to the show and neither do those hallucinations . In the pilot there was a brief glimpse into the leads 's social life as a father - snooze ! boring and pointless.<br /><br />This show is pants , there 's a glut of medical dramas around at the moment and this does nothing to make it stand out as special .
0 I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve , but after sitting through this last night at a college movie house , I could n't help but think ... when is this gon na end ? A very long and ponderous two hours and fifteen minutes . I had only seen a part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect . That said , experimental films such as this are better digested in small increments . There are a couple of beautiful / horrible images ... including the title sequence ( no kidding ) , but if you go into this expecting any kind of plot or meaning , then you are in for a long , snooze - inducing ride . I managed to stay awake for the whole thing ( if that 's a compliment ) but more often than not , I was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake . Among the collection of images are a very ornate gift - wrapping ceremony , the creation of a disgusting dish of what appears to be petroleum jelly slabs formed with a cookie cutter and sprinkled with shrimp ( this is served to the crew of the ship which is shown throughout the film ) , a large blubber cheesecake with a large tentacle turd placed in the center of it , and the mutual evisceration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney which eventually culminates in some bizarre kind of communion , followed by their transformation into whale - like creatures . The soundtrack is at times beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even maddening . At one time , there is a song being sung by Bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals being played before us , and at other times there is just a constant droning of a high - pitched instrument , which we see a mysterious woman playing at the beginning and end of the movie . If this sounds like it does n't make sense , that is because is DOESN'T ! If this sounds like your cup of tea , then you will absolutely LOVE it ! If this sounds like something that you probably wo n't like , then stay far away from it , because you will most likely walk out of the theater during the halfway mark like several people at the screening I attended . This is the very definition of an art film . You get from it what you take from it . But otherwise , there really is n't much there , other than a few oddities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals . I 'm glad that there is a place for films such as this , but I ca n't say I would want to sit through it again . However , I ca n't say I would n't want to see one of Barney Cremaster films from start to finish and compare it with this . I think , perhaps now that I know what to expect I might enjoy something like this more . To give you an idea of what kind of comprehension factor this film has , I probably would 've liked it better if I had gotten stoned . Then again , it could 've felt twice as long as it was , and then it would 've REALLY gotten ponderous . Definitely not for everyone .
0 This film is massively boring and pretentious . There is only one good moment when a sailor shaves Mr Barney's(think the purple dinosaur - less pretense ) eyebrow . The music is relentlessly cloying - it is sad that Bjork , someone with so much inner beauty , has been brought down to pretentious falsity in her art . The pomp of the tea service makes a beautiful ritual seem vapid . the mythology and culture are not respected in this film they are lifted . Not just from Japanese culture but from another filmmaker ... (stay tuned ) In a perfect " art imitates life " moment - the crew of the ship finds a giant piece of sh*t . Which is what the audience found in the theatre . There are some set pieces which are very composed and arty without heart --- then  prepare for spoilers - I'm talking to you MR BARNEY.<br /><br />The Emperor has no clothes ! Mr. Barney you have been outted ! I have seen Jodorowsky 's HOLY MOUNTAIN . And your thin , fake veil of BS has been lifted . You have stolen your images your style and your ENTIRE ART CATALOGUE from this man . Now that HOLY MOUNTAIN has been released FINALLY let 's hope the powers that be at the Art Councils of the world STOP FINANCING YOU ! Poor Jodorowsky - lost in a financial battle with the Beatles Lawyer when he is the Lennon / McCartney of film - making . And BTW while Jodorowsky is the Beatle - YOU ARE THE MONKEES ! A cheap thin soulless rip off only liked by facile kitschy college freshmen . And BTW I am a filmmaker . If you are interested in making a reality film - I will legally fight you in a ring defending Jodorowsky - you , defending outright thievery .
0 Drawing Restraint 9 . dir : Matthew Barney.<br /><br />How do you know when you 're in the middle of a pretentious art film ? Is it that there is only 8 lines of dialogue in 140 minutes of film ? Is it when Bjork is wearing what looks like a giant furry pita on her head in a pseudo - Asian ritual ? Maybe when mammoth turds and spinal columns are used in a whale blubber experiment . Or , when you 're about ready to kill the composer for making a minimal , and still annoying , version of a Philip Glass score ? In any case , Drawing Restraint 9 is among the most pretentious of the modern art movies . At 135 minutes , it adds to its pretension by being boring to boot . I would call the use of color stunning , and the opening sequence interesting , but the rest of the movie looked like it was filmed for a Discovery Channel documentary . That is until it looks like they were trying to film their version of P - ss Christ , but that will be coming up later.<br /><br />Actually , the documentary - esquire portions were the best parts of it . The surface plot is about a whaling ship , and then there is a ritual about making whale fat . Then , there are the guests in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney who are welcomed on the ship by being put through a ritual of humiliation which includes passed - out head shaving ( think frat boy pranks ) , nicotine patches , and giant furry pita hats . Then there is mutual evisceration , cannibalism , and lets not forget the giant turd.<br /><br />Matthew Barney has written that this is about " the relationship between self - imposed resistance and creativity . " That 's almost like saying , " if you do n't get it , then you 're not creative in your interpretation , so sod off because I 'm an artist . " Oh , wait , that 's the POST - modern interpretation of that sentence and what the movie would be about if it was POST - modern . But , its supposed to be Modern art . Which is about the art itself.<br /><br />So , let 's start this whole interpretation bit , shall we ? The following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be taken as any realistic attempt to interpret the movie.<br /><br />The first half - hour concerns pearl divers and the construction of a giant ramp . Obviously , the ramp is symbolic of the need for self - elevation to whatever standards you hold dear , and the pearl divers are looking for pearls of wisdom . Then , on a whaling ship , they build a crate that looks like it is in the crude shape of a whale . Obviously a crude element of foreshadowing.<br /><br />On the ship , they make whale fat inside the shape of the whale , and take out the fins portion . They replace this with a spinal column and later a giant turd . These are supposed to be the states of the movie itself . When its fat , its entertaining but bad for you . When it is the spinal column , its the " important " parts of the movie , or the backbone so to speak . Then , the giant turd is the bowels of the movie , or when the movie is crap.<br /><br />Bjork and Matthew Barney the arrive on separate ships , are put into strange humiliating outfits which AREN'T EVEN WELL MADE OR SYMMETRICAL , one suspects that they ran out of money and Barney was trying to quit smoking . SO , they put patches on his head . They go through a ritual and learn about the ship from a Japanese wise man , who tells them that the ship is scarred from when another ship hit it ; a crash or intersection , if you will . This inspires Bjork and Barney , who are different on the outside , to start cutting each other 's legs off and eat them so they could turn into whales themselves and be the same person . They intersect . Oh , did I forget to mention that this has been done in a Robbie Williams video ? Then , the pearl divers come back with their mouths full of pearls of knowledge which they let fall to make a stupid Venn Diagram . Barney made it through 8th grade geometry , obviously . Or , maybe at least some social studies.<br /><br />Oh , and did I forget Bjork 's ear - gouging I - want - to - kill - her score ? At times it is hypnotic , but at others you just want to assassinate her.<br /><br />Art film is one thing , but when you just throw up all sorts of symbolism in the hopes of getting a reaction out of people , it becomes a self - destructive joke . When do you cross the line between becoming a joke in terms of art ? Dali and Bunuel frequently made surreal pieces of nonsense but were more coherent and/or entertaining than this piece of trash . Un Chien Andalou had the sensibility to cram as much symbolism as it could into less than half an hour.<br /><br />So , can I recommend this ? Only if you like dull HIGH ART films with lots of symbolism and flat imagery.<br /><br />D+
0 I watched this movie as a preview of a Matthew Barney art exhibit . It certainly prepared me . I almost skipped the exhibit and , in retrospect , probably should have.<br /><br />Aside from the score being great ( Bjork ) and the photography rich and colorful , the content was mostly tedious and predictable . Gee , I really needed to see someone wearing pearls to figure out what the pearl - divers were up to . The film was mostly a silly mixture of Japanese cultural references and industrial shots of modern whaling technology being used in a mock - hunt / harvest . The film " peaks " with enough gratuitous shock - art to turn your stomach.<br /><br />What was the point of the movie ? While others might argue that it is an anti - whaling piece , one could equally argue that it somehow also justifies whaling . Personally I think it was Barney 's attempt at " flashing " the audience with his anal , fecal , self - mutilation , and cannibalistic fetishes.<br /><br />Bottom line : unless you really get off on Barney 's sense of art , do n't bother seeing this movie . The message is obscure , the pace slow , and the cultural references pretentious . If you 're after shock - art , you 'll do better at one of the many " Undead " movies or hunting down an old copy of Hustler and taking in a fecal - cartoon .
0 I could n't agree more with another reviewer that mentioned Jodorowsky.<br /><br />Barney seems to be utterly boring and uninspired " content - wise " . He can produce eye - candy ( and I like candy ) , but its pretentiousness and fundamental artistic emptiness just diminishes all the joy . < br /><br />I am afraid that many people do n't distinguish between similar ( but really only on the surface ) works of Jodorowsky or even more linear film - makers like Tarkovski or Kubrick ( I love 2001 Odyssey and was never bored through the ending scenes ... ) That kind of art as M.Barney 's makes adds confusion and fends off the viewers that could otherwise start to appreciate experimental cinema . Typical empty post - modern " conceptual " art . And check his interviews . I just do n't buy it , sorry . And so boring . < br /><br />I was never bored seeing Alejandro Jodorowsky 's movies , while Drawing Restraint 9 was an utter disappointment . Especially while it offered the possibilities to be something , to actually tell something in a non - linear unorthodox way ( like the beginning and the great choreographed dance and preparations for the ship to sail out . Ships " meeting " on the sea ... Ideas of feces as an object of value(if it was feces ) . Those " pearl " divers ... Everything could construct a great surreal movie with some content . But it did n't . ANd those horrible pretentious scenes of dressing up and fake tea ceremony ... How vain and fake and philosophically pretentious but empty can it get?<br /><br />I has some great picturesque scenes , but the whole movie became so boring and pretentious and utterly empty and fake that it made me physically sick.<br /><br />And it does n't have good tempo . I like slow pace movies , but this was just boring in some scenes - because it was pretentious and fake - so I was just forced to witnessed prolonged scenes of artistic vanity ... <br /><br />That kind of movies just kill the art and spirit in my view . < br /><br />I want more Jodorowsky ! ! !
0 Do n't get the impression from other reviewers that this film stinks cos it 's ambivalent about the Japanese whaling industry ( which , morally , is no worse than the US meat trade or the Scottish haggis cull ) , it stinks cos it 's pretentious tosh , the sort of up - its - own - behind guff that gets modern art a bad name . That said , there are some stunning images , but there are stunning images in the average bus ride if you use your imagination , so that 's no reason to go and see this nonsense . What happens in the film happens very slowly and often accompanied by a soundtrack that sounds like a cat being gutted , and then , just when you thinks it 's finished , it starts again . I saw it it in a porn cinema in Rome which had been hired for the weekend to show Barney 's film works , which is an admirable and clever way to reclaim what had once been a local fleapit from the dirty - old - men - in - macs brigade , but if the trendy young things and the slightly older beard - stroking Bjork fans were to be honest , everyone might have had a lot more fun if they 'd just shown one of the pornoes !
0 Slow and nice images changed one another , with sometimes annoying music ( you know Bjork ) in background , for the first 75 % of the movie . If you did not have enough sleep , that 's a good time . < br /><br />But , in the last 20 % of the movie director decides to bring idea of re - birth , re - incarnation or else , through S&M images : " spiritual lovers " are cutting each others bodies with knives . For me it was very much disturbing and actually changed general impression of blend of abstract art and images of modern Japanese mystery . < br /><br />Operator and director are great , but weird . < br /><br />Did not enjoy it at all .
0 This has got to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen ! There were people leaving the theatre , others were falling asleep ( ok , it was a late night show ) ... This is a no - sense movie , one of those who can make you never want to see an out of mainstream picture again . I would love to watch the making - off of this movie as I am deeply interested on what goes on the minds of the authors of such garbage . Do they laugh when they create all this ridiculous stuff or do they actually think they 're doing something interesting ? I wonder ... The soundtrack is awful apart from some instrumental stuff that reminds you of a previous Bjork album . Even if you 're a fan of Bjork 's music , stay home . It 's the best thing to do . The little , tiny , pieces of nice music are no reason for you to go out and submit yourself to this torture . God ! ...
0 I thought it would at least be aesthetically beautiful . It was slow , pretentious , and boring . I almost fell asleep . There are some decent songs , but there is this one song at the end which is just some guy yelling out " Yaowwww ! " while someone taps randomly on a wooden object . That being said , there are some pretty songs , but it 's not worth seeing hte movie over . Go on itunes ( they have the album ) , preview it , and choose the good ones . < br /><br />Half the movie is some guy making tea . Well , that 's a slight exaggeration . But you 'll see what I mean if you see it . That being said : DON'T SEE IT !
0 " Drawing Restraint 9 " is a kind of movie one either loves or hates ; fortunately or not , I left it with a strong feeling of wasted time and of being thoroughly stuffed with " killing whales is bad " propaganda . Aesthetically , the movie could have been pleasing , especially its first half , until it is not clear that every action portrayed serves as an allegory of various aspects of whale hunting . Until then , it might be slightly amusing to look at daily chores of japan workers , but later it becomes obvious that anything that appears on the screen is a propaganda , and no single frame is an exception . I use the word " propaganda " because the movie uses basically the old morality play device , where " good " and " bad " are not deduced in the course of action but are set in stone . Probably it 's just me , but I find such type of art shallow and preconceived , even when it 's all about the noble ( no sarcasm here ) quest of protecting the environment.<br /><br />In my opinion it is a cardinal sin when a movie material is stretched out without any justification , for the sake of stretching only . In my opinion , " Drawing Restraint 9 " could 've been easily fit into 75 minutes , but has a torturous length of 2 and 1/4 hours . Yes , there were interesting shots , but there were not enough of these to leave 15-minute gaps of nothingness without notice . The movie has no standard scenario , and there 's no evolution of characters , but neither it is a documentary , it 's rather a kind of conceptual installation . That 's an unusual form for a movie , but it still can be viewed as art even when the concept is as simple and naive as here . OTOH I also believe that the director should 've had some honesty and did not pretend that it could be only delivered in no less than 135 minutes.<br /><br />And yes , the music score mostly resembled whale sounds . How surprising.<br /><br />2/10 .
0 Renowned cinematographer Freddie Francis ( Glory , The Elephant Man ) directs this pretty bad horror / drama film . 19th Century England has a different view of how the practice of medicine should be handled than Dr. Thomas Rock , the law stating that only the bodies of hung criminals can be studied and experimented on . But the stockpile of these bodies is a small one , and Rock needs more - and he prefers them fresher . Being a maverick within his circle , he begins to pay people to find bodies for him to study and test on . Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom get wind of this job opportunity and begin to murder people and sell these bodies to Rock . Naturally , this kind of action has even worse consequences than practicing on the dead bodies of non - criminals , and leads to trouble for everyone . While the overall story sounds intriguing on paper , almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is laughably bad.<br /><br />After the first fifteen minutes of the film you are already beginning to question your decision of sitting down to watch the film . The entire look of the film is just ugly . Seeing as how the film takes place in the slums of England during the 19th Century , the filmmakers were probably going for an " ugly " look , but they do n't do it in an artful way . Everything from the sets to the cinematography just look cheap , feeble , and disgusting . Also , just about everything scene is filled with something that you simply can not take seriously , and most of the time this has to do with someone ( both in the small and large roles ) doing something that looks or sounds completely ridiculous . Francis sure did n't help out his actors much.<br /><br />Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the twisted buddies of the film , Fallon and Broom respectively , and are very bombastic but very bad . Their characters are by nature crazy , but Pryce and Rea overact the parts to death . They especially have trouble keeping the same accent from shot to shot - Pryce in particular goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to some kind of lagoon creature and so on and so forth . It 's also a humor riot to see Twiggy in this film at all , let alone playing an in - demand street whore , since she ca n't act to save her life ( though her song during the final credits is n't so funny ) . Boy she sure came a long way : from " flower power " to " I 'll take mee clothes off for a shillin ' ! " As bad as those three actors are in this film , Julian Sands takes home the award for the worst performance of the film . He is just as lame as it gets , giving one laugh - out - loud attempt after another at portraying anger , love , happiness , anxiety - pick an emotion , any emotion ! < br /><br />There 's only one good thing about The Doctor And The Devils : Timothy Dalton 's performance of Dr. Rock . Despite being surrounded by cinematic sewage , Dalton is quite excellent ; giving an electric portrayal of an overly driven yet good natured man . Too bad the rest of the film could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton ....
0 As others have noted , this should have been an excellent Hammer - style film , and it seems to me that that 's how most of the actors were instructed to play it ... but the screenplay is so leaden , poorly paced , and filled with a lot of dull soliloquies ( poor Timothy Dalton is saddled with most of them ) that it 's all too overblown and self - important . This is an uncharacteristically weak performance from Dalton , although he quietly nails the climactic scene where Dr. Rock finally realizes what he 's done . The only actor who comes off really well is Patrick Stewart who is a most welcome sight . Freddie Francis may have been a great cinematographer , but he was a lousy director .
0 This film is probably the worst film that I have ever seen . I 'm studying french at college and thus understood all the dialog , so the language barrier was n't an issue . I must say it is really hard to empathize with any of the characters depicted in the movie . There is only one professional actor in the cast and I 'm guessing no professional directors or writers.<br /><br />Although I have rated it 1 out of 10 it probably does n't merit such a poor rating . This is merely a futile effort of lowering its current overall rating of 7.3 to something more realistic . Perhaps 4.3 would be a more accurate rating because the film is a true non - event 100 minutes or so in length that you will never get back.<br /><br />The real shame is that I am sure some college student is busting his nut making a film twice as good and half the length . However if you want to join the bandwagon which seems to be rolling around IMDb you might as well go ahead give " Lost in Translation " a 10 as well .
0 This is a story of a Jewish dysfunctional family . The parents have divorced and mom remains back east in the house . The father , Murray Abromowitz , moves with his children to California , and moves around Beverly Hills so that his children can get the best education possible.<br /><br />Things really become funny when Marisa Tomei , Murray 's niece , comes to lives with the group.<br /><br />The film deals with the various adventures of the family complicated by the drug scene of the affluent neighborhood.<br /><br />Jessica Walter costars as a woman who wants Murray to move in with her since she wants a companion.<br /><br />Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno come in towards the end . They play Murray 's brother and sister - in - law respectively ; they 're also the parents of Tomei . In front of the children , Reiner lets loose reminding Murray that he has been paying the bills for them all along.<br /><br />The film ends on a sour note as the embarrassed family moves out of their fancy digs and take to riding around Beverly Hills in their car . I guess the film is promoting independence and some good old self - esteem .
0 ---what happened to these unlikeable people . Alan Arkin was , as usual , unfunny and just walks through the role . The kids are all a mess . Mariesa Tomei probably wishes this role had never come her way . And what are Carl Reiner and Rita Moreno doing in this really bad , mean movie ? If you enjoy watching losers wallow in their disfunction , and not try in any way to do better , this is your film . All others , take a walk , read a book , or see something else.<br /><br />Jane
0 The most difficult thing about this movie is to say anything positive about it . The characters were stereotypical " white - trash " , the movie 's " plot " was stunted from the beginning , and the worst feature of this movie was that the nudity was so blatantly from body doubles it was funny . Regretfully , that was the only funny thing in the movie . Ms. Jenkins would be better served if in the future , she would refrain from using her life - story to " entertain " people . It was simply that bad . The one positive aspect of this movie ( this has nothing to do with the lack - of - quality of the film ) is that my brother shelled out the money for this stinker .
0 From the critical acclaim , I expected more from this movie and from Tamara Jenkins . The story just meandered along and did n't seem to have a point or a plot . And I find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl ( mature for her age or no ) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity " over with . " Maybe I am too young to relate ( I was four years old in 1976 ) , but I did n't have any problems connecting with the stories of Shakespeare in Love or Life is Beautiful and I was n't alive for either of those settings . The cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience . Overall , Slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks , I would say skip this one .
0 I was really looking forward to this movie based on the previews and press it received , but after viewing it I was terribly disappointed . Slums is a totally unfunny film mixed with a Todd Solondz type of disturbing family reality sans Todd 's brand of humor . The story drags along and each scene is worse than the last . Maybe I missed the point , but if this film is an example of every girl 's growing up experience I am glad to be a man .
0 The film did what it set out to do : show how a young girl copes with poverty and grows into her maturity . However , for most of us , this subject has been explored adequately and in most instances with more sophistication than done here . The movie fixated on breasts , which soon became boring and I lost interest . If this was on TV , I would 've switched to the latest news on the Starr Report . That 's how boring I found this movie .
0 Tierney 's an authentic tough guy , but this movie misfire from normally competent RKO undercuts his impact at every turn . The script is about as plausible as OJ Simpson at a Ten Cmmandments dinner . Just count the times Tierney 's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his evasive and violent acts . The old cliché about it " only happening in the movies " applies here in spades . Then there 's the guy playing the watchman , who appears to have wandered in from a boozy WC Fields comedy , ruining the menacing mood in the process . The static one - room sets do n't help either , and neither does director Feist 's obvious lack of feel for the material . Then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay - off , and the results are pretty flat . In fact the movie only picks up in the station - house scenes where hard - bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent - looking gas station attendants . Too bad that Tieney 's career never really gelled . I gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off - screen as on and getting in one sleazy scrape after another . His ice - cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of Lee Marvin at his tough - guy best . Anyway this project might have worked as a radio play , but as a movie with a promising noir title , it 's a disappointment .
0 " This story is dedicated to women , " according to the introduction , " who have been fighting for their rights ever since Adam and Eve started the loose - leaf system . " When " Politics " was filmed , the Nineteenth Amendment , guaranteeing women the right to vote , was only a decade old . And , the film deals with the wielding of political power by women as a voting group . Advocating prohibition , and shutting down speakeasies , was a main concern for women at the time.<br /><br />Good - natured Marie Dressler ( as Hattie Burns ) becomes politically active , after a young woman is shot and killed coming out of a speakeasy . She wants the liquor - selling joints closed ; and , is drafted into a Mayoral run , after delivering a powerful speech at a women 's rally . Ms. Dressler is supported by her tenants , best friend Polly Moran ( as Ivy Higgins ) and her stuttering husband Roscoe Ates ( as Peter Higgins ) . Dressler 's run for Mayor of Lake City draws opposition from men in town ; so , Dressler orders the women to go on strike , denying them , " everything " in the " parlor , bedroom , and bath . " < br /><br />The film sounds much better than it turned out . The humor , frankly , is n't too good ; and , it features some unfunny and moderately offensive situations ( " You look like Madame Queen " refers to an Amos and Andy character ) . And , the mixing of shootings and slapstick does n't mix well , this time . Producers might have considered making the film more dramatic , focusing exclusively on Dressler and the characters played by William Bakewell ( as Benny Emerson ) and Karen Morley ( as Myrtle Burns).<br /><br / > * * * * Politics ( 7/25/31 ) Charles Reisner ~ Marie Dressler , Polly Moran , Roscoe Ates
0 I have not seen this movie in ages but figured I 'd comment on it anyway , mostly because the memory of disliking it so intently is burned into my memory cells . The original THE GETAWAY was no prize to begin with but at least had the distinctions of being 1 ) A Sam Peckinpah movie , 2 ) Featured Steve McQueen , Ben Johnson , and Slim Pickens , 3 ) Was a relatively painless way to blow away an hour and a half of time.<br /><br />By comparison , the 1994 version comes across as little more than a vanity piece for the then red hot Alec Baldwin and his soon to be divorced wife , Kim Basinger . McQueen and his then wife Allie McBride also split up soon after their version of the film was made and one can sort of picture the Baldwins at their marriage councilor arguing over who 's stupid idea it was to make this movie.<br /><br />Let 's just get it said and out of the way -- Alec Baldwin never was and never will be anything close to the Cooler King , and one of the reasons why this remake annoyed me so much is the perceived arrogance on Baldwin 's part to presume to challenge our memory of Steve McQueen in the lead role . Like someone else points out , Peckinpah 's 1972 vision of the film was a satire piece meant to sort of parody the action / adventure heist genre . By contrast Baldwin , Bassinger & company seem to be trying to evoke a more serious tone , with only Michael Madsen 's and James Woods ' slimy unprincipled villain characters coming off as real people.<br /><br />The movie is also decidedly mean spirited and unlikeable at a fundamental level that is difficult to put into words . One viewing was more than enough , not just because it did n't have anything new to offer but because of how artlessly it was made . Peckinpah 's movie was actually a stylish little entertainment that had an upbeat mood , where this version is a slog that takes too long to amount to little or nothing . There 's no artistic urgency to it 's existence and some of the more uncomfortable scenes are so uncomfortable that they make the film difficult to enjoy.<br /><br />So I do n't know , this was probably one of the films that helped to initiate the wave of pointless , artistically vapid big budget remakes propped up around a then name brand actor / actress , which in itself is n't a really good thing . I 'd always rather see a filmmaker at least try to come up with a new idea for a movie & fall flat with something original . This movie just made me want to pull my eyebrows out , and it 's revealing that over the ensuing 15 years since it 's release Mr. Baldwin has become widely renowned as one of the biggest jerks in Hollywood . Thank god for " Team America " for putting him in his place.<br /><br />3/10
0 SPOILERS THROUGHOUT : < br /><br />The Gettaway is mostly an action movie . And what action there is to ! ! Shootouts , chases , dumpsters and much much more . It stars Kim Bassenger and Alec Baldwin as the Mc Coy's.<br /><br />This is a remake and I have not seen the original but really did n't care for this one at all although Bassenger and Baldwin have some nice screen chemistry . But the movie itself did n't do it for me.<br /><br />The Gettaway became really tiresome really quickly . The plot is overshadowed by one fight / chase after another and as the violence keeps piling up , Bassenger and Baldwin retain their great looks no matter what perils they maybe in . In fact , by the end of the movie they almost look BETTER then in the beginning . I do n't think Bassenger 's eye makeup moves once during the whole picture.<br /><br />This is n't the worst movie I 've ever seen , certainly not , but it is n't very good and unless one is an action movie purist I ca n't see really enjoying this movie because there 's just not a lot here . The Gettaway is n't terribly original either , and goes every way from unnecessarily brutal to rather dull . It really could have been better I think.<br /><br />Bassenger and Baldwin give OK performances but they do n't have a lot to do except get chased and run for their lives . Sometimes less is more , after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale . Did n't enjoy this one to much .
0 I can not see why filmmakers remade this movie . < br /><br />The 1972 movie with McQueen and McGraw is almost a classic . Steve McQueen was an outstanding actor and Baldwin is only an inadequate actor . He has no passion in his play . Also the action in the original " Getaway " was fantastic . But the remake has no action ! It is almost boring despite the fact that the film - making in 1972 was more difficult than in 1994 . < br /><br />I do n't understand the way that Baldwin imprisoned from Mexico . I think this is a mistake in the story.<br /><br />So i think that there was no need to remake it , or if they decided to remake a classic , they must choose an excellent actor for the first role , like Johnny Depp or Brad Pitt ...
0 Back when Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger were a mercurial , hot - tempered , high - powered Hollywood couple they filmed this ( nearly ) scene - for - scene remake of the 1972 Steve McQueen - Ali MacGraw action - thriller about a fugitive twosome . It almost worked the first time because McQueen was such a vital presence on the screen -- even stone silent and weary , you could sense his clock ticking , his cagey magnetism . Baldwin is not in Steve McQueen 's league , but he has his charms and is probably a more versatile actor -- if so , this is not a showcase for his attributes . Basinger does well and certainly looks good , but James Woods is artificially hammy in a silly mob - magnet role . A sub - plot involving another couple taken hostage by Baldwin 's ex - partner was unbearable in the ' 72 film and plays even worse here . As for the action scenes , they 're pretty old hat , which causes one to wonder : why even remake the original ? * * from * * * *
0 Do n't even bother with this movie , it 's bad when judged on it 's own merits , but when compared to the 1972 original ( which IS a classic ) it 's down right awful . And BTW , somebody commented that the 1972 movie is bad when compared to the book . This is silly , movies should never be judged against the books they are taken from . They are 2 completely different art forms ( as if this needed to be pointed out but apparently it does ) . If you used this criteria for all movies then " 2001 " would suck and so would " Forest Gump " and " Silence of the Lambs " .
0 Nowhere near the original . It 's quite accurate copy bringing nothing new to the story . But the directing is very poor . Basinger is weak - without good directing . Baldwin is simply just a second league compared to McQueen . I watched it just out of curiosity , being a huge fan of Peckinpah 's masterpiece , and I got what I thought . Almost a B movie with second rate acting and directing . I was n't even disappointed , I just do n't know what they were trying to do . This remake does n't try to play with the original material , it 's not a tribute and indeed it lacks some really good actor of its era.<br /><br />It reminds me of a bad xerox copy of wonderful photograph.<br /><br />This is a complete waste of your time . Save yourself 2 hours or watch the original ( again : ) ) )
0 Any one who saw the original would have to go out and destroy this dreadful remake . Alex Baldwin trying to imitate the late Steve Mcqueen in a word for word remake just does n't work . While Baldwin has done some admirable work this is a flop from start to finish . McQueen had charisma , never try to compete with a star . As for Kim in the role of Ali McGraw enough said . McQueen looked dangerous , menacing and believable as Doc , the film had excitement and suspense , Baldwin and company made this into a comedy , I laughed the one and only time I saw this miserable film . And that dreadful hairstyle for Michael Madsen who is one of today 's more exciting and believable actors ! Did the makeup people have it in for Michael , what were they thinking . If you wish to see movie - making the way it was under Sam Peckinpah 's direction Get the original !
0 What 's in here ? ! Let me tell you . It 's the presence of ( Alec Baldwin ) . He 's not a great actor but maybe a nice star with some good movies which this is not one of them . He did nothing here more than anything he did before or after . So not to mention ( literally ! ) the matter of ( Steve McQueen ) being at the same role in the original because I do n't want to make that comparison in the first place . I 'm not a big fan or even a fan of ( Kim Basinger ) , she got a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average ! And it gets on my nerve indeed whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty ! ! ? ? Well , if being a blond would make anyone captivating then I 'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible ! And what is it with all the craziness over miss Basinger 's Legs ? ? ! ! It 's surely insanity or bad tasting ? As I do n't see them both as not sexy only , but UGLY too ! And if you hate that so shoot me down but you know what ? ! I 've just watched this movie so I 'm dead already ! . Yet , what would make you really suffer in unbearable way is that nothing of the credits goes to the one she deserves the most  And of course I mean ( Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we 're talking about a true genuine seductive chick with such unforgettable body and one unique sense of allurement like a nasty brunette ( Marilyn Monroe ) however much more healthier ! ! ( I ca n't help it , she was the only new and watchable thing in here ! ) . ( Michael Madsen ) as the bad guy was much appealing as well as effective more than the good guys , ( James Woods ) is here to summarize the early events beside the pool ( so the trailer would be by his voice later ! ) and he knew before all that this is a whole Hollywood 's stuff so " Do your thing , take your cash , and good luck as an actor in other movies ! " , the editing gave the movie a serious personality along with violent atmosphere done by suitable shining cinematography , so the main goods of it ( The action , The thrill , .. ) are here and fairly well - made , though any echo for deep meanings about ( the kinds of betrayal ) as the main dramatic motif of the whole thing is not that strong so do n't wait for it . OK , it 's all in all another remake without anything special ( Except Jennifer Tilly 's spicy moments ! ) so I think I tried to be objective as much as I could therefore I should n't end my review saying that ( Basinger ) or anyone here did better than this movie .. It would be an insult because frankly .. Anything is better than this movie !
0 POSSIBLY VERY MINOR SPOILERS < br /><br />This movie is billed as the first Russian horror movie . Unfortunately , as far as I am concerned , " The Witch " ( its Russian title ) will take a place of dishonor in the gallery of horrible Russian movies . It is based on Nikolai Gogol 's story " Viy " which is a classic in Russia . " Based " is the key word here since no familiarity with the story is required . Instead , the less you know about Gogol , the better . < br /><br />It is a unique production because we are quite used to directors taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture . The spate of American remakes of foreign films is a prime example , but then again , Sturgess turned Kurosawa 's Seven Samurai into The Magnificent Seven with splendid results , and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare 's Macbeth into Japan to make an incredibly powerful Throne in Blood , while King Lear became a riveting Ran . However , with " The Witch , " we have Russians transplanting a Russian classical tale onto the American soil . The movie was shot in Estonia in English with the aim of dubbing it into English using American actors and have reasonably synchronous lip movements . < br /><br />As a natural consequence , lost is the colorful Ukrainian background for the story , in comes a drab American small town seemingly lifted from some outdated horror book manual . Gone is the boozy seminarian Khoma Brutus , instead we have a boozy journalist who is about to win Pullitzer prize , and who at the same time writes about X - Files - like events and frequents Miss Boobs contests . ( I never thought Pullitzer prize was given for that kind of writing , now I humbly stand corrected . ) In a strange nod to Russianness , the journalist is named Ivan Berkhoff . They should 've named him John Smith because it is impossible to get more hackneyed , clichéd and generic than this movie . < br /><br />Berkhoff goes to a town named Castleville , gets stranded on a dirt road , staggers on until he finds a dilapidated house and is rather un - welcomed by an old crone . All that to the accompaniment of a radio announcement about the forces of evil being at their most powerful , and people better staying indoors and avoiding water . Need I mention that it 's raining really hard ? After a few supposedly frightening scenes which had me laughing , the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest , he 's mistaken for a priest , and the local sheriff tells him his daughter who died after being brutally attacked wanted the new priest to pray for her for three nights . At this point , the action supposedly starts . Those who have time to kill are welcome to it . < br /><br />What is wrong with this film ? Everything , starting with the dialog and down to the prop department . The dialog which I heard in Russian was clearly originally written in English , and it was compiled exclusively from clichés and platitudes picked from American films . The actors just as clearly struggled with English because the timing of their speech was labored and unnatural , and the Russian dubbing followed suit . The acting is mostly atrocious , and not only because the actors find it often difficult to talk but because they do n't have anything approaching a range of facial expressions . For the most part , they 're just blank or you wish they were . The only exceptions being the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak , a fine Estonian actor , and Arnis Lizitis who plays a wheelchair bound resident of Castleville . Oh , and a rooster of course who 's absolutely natural on camera ! I know actors complain of being upstaged by dogs and cats but when Nikolaev is upstaged by a rooster it is a sad testimony to the general quality of acting in the film.<br /><br />There was n't a single scary moment in the entire film , and there was n't a single original moment in the film either . Mind you , this comment 's coming from somebody who 's rather inexperienced with horror . The film is filled with standard moves used in horror movie since the genre 's inception . At a critical moment , the camera lingers lovingly on a kerosene lamp . The lamp promptly goes out . It must have seen a few horror movies , too . An example of supreme idiocy comes at another moment , a character jumps out of a bathtub and runs at the camera . He 's wearing something the looks like loincloth ! It does n't get any more idiotic than this!<br /><br />Those in Russia who liked it claim it should 've been advertised as a mystical thriller . I was n't thrilled either . It was run - of - the - mill from start to finish . I particularly enjoyed the fact that the entire population of the little town behaved as if they knew exactly they lived in a horror movie , except they were n't quite sure whether it had zombies or not . Therefore , some of them acted zombie - like just in case . < br /><br />The makers of the film say it 's about finding faith . Such a fine collections of idiotic actions , stupidly contrived moments , and , yes , clichés , does n't deserve to be about finding faith . The movie is so thoroughly and utterly fake it deserves only to be an exhibit in a wax figure museum .
0 Nikolai Gogol 's story " Viy " has been filmed again and released to home video in the US via Faith Films.<br /><br />The original story concerns a priest who has to watch over the body of a witch with only his faith to protect him . Greatly expanded and set in America , though clearly filmed in Russia ( the houses , clothing and furnishing are all wrong despite the English signs ) , this is an odd film that does n't really work . Part of it is the weird setting that tries very hard to be backwoods America but clearly isn't . There are also some weird , intentionally oblique moments as the main character being a reporter at the start and a priest a short time later . I 'm not sure why they did that , even after watching the making of piece on the DVD ) The other problem is the dubbing which is beyond awful . Its done in such away that everyone speaks when their lips are not on camera- or if they are the voices do n't even remotely match the lip flaps . I do n't know if its Faith Films fault or that of the producers who made the film hoping to dump into the West ( revealed in the making of piece).<br /><br />The film is n't very good . As I 've said it has all sorts of technical issues that just make this an odd ball curio . Despite some really good looking horror images the film never works as a horror film . As film to engender faith its much too confused in this retelling to amount to make anyone feel anyone closer to god.<br /><br />Given the choice I 'd give it a pass , even at a bargain bin price . My advice would be to find the 1960 's version of the tale called Viy which will bring both some shivers and some understanding about a belief in god .
0 Ivan ( Valeri Nikolayev ) is a bitter , cynical journalist who investigates the unexplained . He travels to this small town where it 's said that a witch ( Ita Ever ) is terrorizing the community.<br /><br />His car stalls and he takes refuge in a small building , and meets a beautiful , mysterious girl . Suddenly she turns into a demon and he kills her , and the town is wondering who murdered this woman ... who I guess was the witch but I am not entirely sure . Ivan is now being pursued by her spirit , or something , and he has to have faith , or something , to beat it.<br /><br />I really hate Christian films . They are usually filled with lame actors , stupid storyline and minimal effects . Not to mention that this is n't just a Christian film ... but a foreign one as well . The voice - over actor for Ivan made the movie more comical than terrorizing , because it is so high pitched and whiny . You wo n't miss much by missing out on this film .
0 As a horror - movie fan I try to watch all significant novelties of this genre , especially those which are the products of my native cinema . And I can say that that the " Power of Fear " ( or " Vedma " as the Russian title of it ) is one of the weakest film among them . Firstly , it ca n't scary even a little kid , it paces so slowly and so predictable that there is no place for the real horror . Frankly speaking , it 's bad in all points : from the goofy plot ( I do n't know why the Russian producers / director decided to transform the classic story about Ukrainian witchcraft into some lame and ridiculous modern - day - America thriller . I absolutely agree with the previous reviewer  it does n't thrill a bit ) and to the terrible and cheesy actors ' work . All actors including the leading Valeri Nikolayev and Yevgeniya Kryukova who are quite famous in Russia look like wooden dolls or something like that and it seems to me they did n't even bother to play at all , only spoke their English lines without any expression . And at the end I do n't really understand why they filmed this flick in English with Russian actors ? I think it was their wrong turn . At least they could cast some American or English actors for the leading parts to make them look more convincing . The same I can say about so called " small American town backgrounds " which were shot in Estonia and look like it . The only positive moment I found in the " Power of Fear " is the visual effects . They are not excellent but rather good for the Russian film . And the music is OK , at least it does n't irritate me . That 's why I give it two stars . Overall , if you want to see good horror film  do n't waste your time and money on this boring flick . And if you are looking for something that claims to be a Russian horror I 'd advise you to find a copy of " Viy or The Spirit of Evil " . It 's really the terrific movie based on the same novel as " Power of Fear " but much , much better .
0 I rented this film yesterday mostly due to the good - looking art and the summary given on the back of the jacket . After popping it into my DVD player I re - examined the jacket cover and even though I took the cover out of from the plastic viewer , I STILL could not read any of the production detail information about the film . This film is entitled Evil on the Jacket and had to locate it by going to Faith Films website to find out any linkage to it here on IMDb.<br /><br />The filming and special affects done in the film looked quite good ... THEN , a line - reading actor spoke . Oh dear ... this actor 's reading sounded like some pimple - faced high school jock whose voice just managed to change pitch , and no attempt given to go beyond reading the lines from the script . At first I thought I got a bad disc out of audio sync , then had to surmise it was a foreign film since I could n't read the jacket ... English dialog dubbed . If they 'd casted the right person for dubbing the dialog , this film MIGHT have been decent . I gave it a chance of about 20 minutes before ejecting it when I discovered the bad line reader was n't going to get killed off , but stay as the constant main fixture . Yes , it is THAT bad ! The jacket cover art and the art done in the film are great , so gave the one star , but minus 1,999,999 stars for the rotten dialog . I do not recommend this one !
0 This movie is a rather odd mix of musical , romance , drama and crime with a sniff of film - noir to it . It 's basically one messy heap of different genres , of which none really works out like it was supposed to.<br /><br />This movie is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be taken more serious as an actor . He 's a former child - star who always used to star in in happy comical- and musical productions at the start of his career . In this movie he picks a different approach ( although the musical aspects are still present in the movie ) . But his role is actually quite laughable within the movie . I mean Mickey Rooney as a tough player ? He 's an extremely small boyish looking man . He actually was in his 30 's already at the time of this movie but he seriously looks more like a 16 year old . Hearing him say babe to women and hearing talking tough to gangsters who are about 3 times bigger than he is just does n't look and feel right . He simply is n't convincing in his role.<br /><br />Because the movie mixes so many different genres , the story also really feels as a messy one . Somewhere in it there is a crime plot and somewhere in it is a romantic plot - line and one about living your dream but none of it works out really due to the messy approach and handling of it all . It just is n't an interesting or compelling movie to watch . László Kardos is also a director who has done only 10 movies in his lifetime , despite the fact that his career span from 1935 till 1957 . He must have been a struggling director who had a hard time getting work into the industry and instead once in a while was given a lesser script to work with . His movies are all unknown ones and normally also not of too high quality.<br /><br />Let 's also not forget that this is a ' 50 's movie but yet it more feels like a ' 40 's one or perhaps even as one from the ' 30 's . This is of course mostly due to the fact that this movie got shot in black & white . Generally speaking black & white movies from the ' 50 's often have a cheap looking feeling over it and this movie forms no exception.<br /><br />It 's a rather strange sight seeing Mickey Rooney and Louis Armstrong and his band as themselves performing together in a sequence . It was n't the only movie Armstrong appeared in though and he would often pop up in these type of movies , often simply as himself . I guess jazz lovers can still somewhat enjoy watching this movie due to its music , since there is quite an amount of it present in this movie . The movie actually received an Oscar nomination for best original song.<br /><br />An awkward little movie and outing from Mickey Rooney.<br /><br />4/10
0 I was at first disgusted with director Sun - Woo Jang because I had felt that he cheated me . Jang had the potential to create a strong , deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people , but instead chose to focus his strength on the pornography element more than the actual human element . I could n't see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction which blended both realism and cinema together was amateurish at best   yet this film remained in my mind for days after I viewed it . What stayed with me was n't the story , it was n't the characters , nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the film , but the transition that Jang demonstrated between Y and J. If you watch this film carefully , you will see that both begin in an exploration phase of their relationship , eager to jump into the unknown , but not quite certain the next step . As they continue to meet , exploring new avenues of pleasure , they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressed . Jang initially explores the idea that J is the one that in control of the situation , then hauntingly , the reversal happens when J becomes obsessed with Y. It is a very small change , and due to the graphic content of this film , it can easily be missed , but it is there . It becomes apparently clear near the end when J can not live with Y , as their meetings become less frequent , and J attempts to become a part of normal society . This was a huge and very exciting element to this film to see right before your eyes , but alas , it was the only element of this film worth viewing.<br /><br />I will ignore those that speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic , because there are human elements at the core of this film , as underdeveloped as they are , they are there . It is a film about a facet of our lives that is very rarely explored in cinema or talked about in the papers . What happens behind closed doors is never known   or so we should believe . While the act itself does becomes repetitive after a bit , director Jang tries to change it up a bit with some constantly changing scenery . Our characters are continually moving from hotel room to hotel room to best quench their thirst for each other 's flesh . This is fun at first , but again , Jang 's repetitive streak seems to make it feel boring than exciting . This leads me to the biggest issue that I had with this film . Jang had a great story with Gojitmal , but where he failed ( outside of the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side ) was that he took scenes , repeated them time and again , without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know the characters . Where was Jang going with this movie ? Did he want the sex to tell the stories , or did he believe the characters would ? He failed in this sense because by the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we could care less how they resolve themselves . The ending seems almost random at best as Jang attempts to create a final resolution for our two , absolute unknowns , of this film . I have to give Jang some credit for trying , but not much . He attempted to create some sub - stories that would create the personal element that we were lacking , but they just could n't congeal well together . Y 's brother and J 's wife were those plot points , but again , due to him focusing so strongly on the sexual element , these stronger sub - stories became un - rememberable and down - right dull . Maybe it was just how I viewed this film , but outside of the sexual scenes , nothing else worked together . We knew nothing about J and Y and that is why Gojitmal failed.<br /><br />Finally , I would like to say that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or a daftly remote music genre element to it to bring us , the viewers , closer to the emotions being felt by J and Y. From what I can remember , and I am trying to push this film far from my mind , I do n't remember any musical undertones . Gojitmal may have been a stronger film if Jang either stylized it with music or done something to allude towards our character 's beings . While I understand that he wanted the sex to speak for itself , there was just a technical element missing from this film that may have quenched a stronger desire for more . Technically , this was a poor film . Obviously an independent film in nature , it felt more like director Jang was trying to make symbolic references out of nothing instead of your typical independent of this nature . I did n't see as much of a social message or human element like mentioned above , I just felt like he threw this film together over the course of two weeks and understood that the sex would sell it enough . This was no Larry Clark production ; this was sub - par and definitely needed some further technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release ! < br /><br />Overall , I think I could have liked this film and there were smaller elements that I did enjoy , but I felt this film was rushed , repetitive , and played too much towards the taboos instead of breaking them . The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen by the last scene of this film when we are privy to how the title of this film was conceived . Our characters were uneventful , our story was underdeveloped , and we could have used something memorable to make what was happening between Y and J into something more symbolic than sex . To me , Jang was trying too much to capture art house meets pornographic   and it failed miserably . This was not a film worth the time and effort that it took to make.<br /><br />Grade : * * out of * * * * *
0 I saw this feature as part of the Asian American Film Festival in New York and was horrified by the graphic , sado - masochistic , child pornography that I witnessed . The story line is hidden beneath way too many graphic sex scenes - and , not one is in the least bit erotic - sick is the more the feeling . The director seemed to be going for shock value rather the exploring the various levels of why these characters are like this . See it if you can stomach it - I still have flashbacks .
0 " Lies " tells about an affair between an 18 year old bucktoothed female student and a scrawny 38 year old married man with the pair of protags spending about half the screen time engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline which seems little more than an excuse for the sex scenes . With very poor production value including obvious sanitary appliances and phony softcore sex to a story which is a messy mix of comedy and drama , " Lies " quickly becomes redundant ad nauseam . With an almost 2 hour run , subtitles , and so little substance , " Lies " is simply not recommendable . ( C- )
0 the Germans all stand out in the open and get mowed down with a machine gun . the Good guys never die , unless its for dramatic purposes . the " plot " has so many holes its laughable . ( Where did the German soldiers go once they rolled the fuel tank towards the train ? Erik Estrada ? Please ! ) And the whole idea , hijacking a train ? How moronic is that ! The Germans KNOW where you are going to go , its not like you can leave the track and drive away ! What a waste . I would rather bonk myself on the head with a ball peen hammer 10 times then have to sit through that again . I mean , seriously , it FELT like it was made in the 60s , but it was produced in 88 ! ! 1988 ! ! the A - Team is more believable than this horrid excuse for a movie . Only watch it if you need a good laugh . This movie is to Tele Sevalas what Green Beret was to John Wayne .
0 It really was that bad . On a par with the ( mercifully ! ) short - lived " Dirty Dozen " TV series that starred Ben Murphy and was made at around the same time ( also on the cheap in Yugoslavia).<br /><br />I was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for Telly Savalas in particular . He was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role ( pushing 70 when he made this garbage ) , and the reviewer who draws parallels with Telly the Greek in this and John Wayne in " The Green Berets " pretty much sums it up.<br /><br />Other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains , so I wo n't repeat them here . But I will add that I 'm amazed that no - one 's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny - looking helmet that Savalas wears on his big , bloated head . < br /><br />I'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at IMDb.<br /><br />As far as I 'm concerned , it 's a " 1 " right across the board . If you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea ( especially 20-plus years after the original ) - look no further than " The Dirty Dozen - The Fatal Mission".<br /><br />Awful - avoid ! ! ! !
0 Another made for TV piece of junk ! This is an insult of a war movie ( I use the word movie in it 's loosest possible form ! ) I thought Telly Savalas 's career had hit rock bottom when he did the voice over on that visit Birmingham video that 's shown on Tarrant on TV on a semi regular basis , but then I 'd forgot he was involved in this ! I 'd tried to push it into my subconscious memory , but cable TV brought the memory kicking and screaming out of me ! ! < br /><br />I like the bit ( laughs sarcastically ! ) in the film which claims to be a scene from Liverpool in the forties , but it 's blatantly a shot of Zagreb Cathedral in the late eighties . Also the steam train the Commando 's are training on shows the JZ ( Jugoslavia Zeleznice , or Yugoslav state railways ) logo 's on the side of the locomotive quite clearly , even though the makers have tried to black them out . Why not just film in the UK , if that 's where most of the film is set ? < br /><br />Cheap rubbish , and a waste of celluloid !
0 As a Native film professor , I can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with Native content that I have ever viewed . I would rather get a root canal than view this film again . The use of stereotyping , uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story - line and bad script . The writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying Native people and communities . If this person is Native , they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed . If this person is non - native , they need to seriously re - examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined , unintentional racism , or if they are intentionally being ignorant . My only hope is that the Native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts . If you want to see good Native films then check out : Christmas in the Clouds , Dance me Outside , Medicine River , PowWow Highway , Smoke Signals ... to name just a few .
0 This movie is ridiculous . Anyone saying the acting is great and the casting is superb have never seen even mediocre cinema . The acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 characters you meet . Lame . I feel like all the other " soaring " comments must have been made by people associated with the filmmakers . I was not very impressed by the storyline , but just wanted to see some beautiful Oregon countryside , and there was some decent cinematography -- but the casting was anything BUT inspired . I think this movie also makes a mockery of the generally noble suggestion that something deep in the Amerindian culture has been ignored and perhaps lost and that reviving it is worthwhile , and possible . It places jokes in the wrong and all - too - obvious places , and makes me think it was written by the State Department or something . Back to the drawing board . To even suggest that this film deserves a place in the same vicinity of classics like Harold and Maude is absolutely retarded , and along the same line of begging and pretension and " joking " as is rampant in this film .
0 My wife and I really had high hopes for this film , but it was a major disappointment . It was a Native American version of Mr. Magoo . A pathetic father who fails at everything he tries e.g. fishing , hunting , in an obvious way he subjects his family to his wild fantasies . His " visions " are not only ridiculous but in the process he lies to his son numerous times about various obvious things . Words can not express how bad this film is . The children and wife are very real which makes the film even sadder . I do n't get the humor ... unless you like laughing at other people making a fool of themselves . I do n't get how this could have come up for awards . Save your bucks , it 's not worth the rental .
0 OK , so Mr. Agrama 's company ( which is involved in some dubious business with former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi ) produced a horrendous mish - mash by a Mr. Carl Macek.<br /><br />What is this horrendous mish - mash I 'm talking about ? Well , Macek took three entirely unrelated Japanese sci - fi animated series ( namely , Macross , Southern Cross and Mospeada ) , added TONS of dialogue - believing firmly that the American audience is too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence - , edited the whole lot heavily for violent content , added some metaphysical mumbo jumbo , dubbed it using some of the worst voice actors this side of acting Hell ( Reba West 's singing was - and still is - unbearable and a total outrage , especially compared to Mrs. Mari Iijima ) ... And the result was an 85-episode series with hundreds of continuity problems and plot holes.<br /><br />Of course , the mecha were cool to look at ( especially those in the " Macross Saga " ) and the plot parts that remained unscathed were good . But whatever was good about Robotech was not the result of Macek 's work or the " voice talents " he recruited . It was because of the toils and efforts of the ( uncredited - why ? would I be too bold to accuse HG of plagiarism here ? ) Japanese creators . Those of us who eventually got wind of the real deal and compared the originals to Robotech now wish we had never been exposed to Robotech . The originals are so much better , naturally , and make a lot more sense.<br /><br />Robotech , however , DID something worthwhile : it prompted legendary anime creator Leiji Matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of Japanese anime creators ' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled - for reworkings that talentless people like Carl Macek produce .
0 As far as HEIST movies go , this one is pretty weak . Continuity is pretty lousy , there is n't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters . Peter Falk is great , and he is one of the reasons its worth watching . Falk has some great lines , like " he 'll be right back , he goin' buy to some saugages " or something like that ... there are a few nice scenes , although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors . Direction , script , and editing is pretty lousy .
0 When you look at this now and hear all the language in here , it 's amazing this was rated " PG , " but that 's the 1970s rating system for you . Peter Falk spews out the Lord 's name in vain six times in the first ten minutes alone in this movie ! Yet , few people consider that offensive , and certainly not the scumbags who make movies nor the people who " rate " them.<br /><br />The cast is a clue to how profane this film can be : Falk , Peter Boyle , Allen Garfield , Warren Oates , Gena Rowlands and Paul Sorvino are n't exactly actors you would n't find in " The Sound Of Music." < br /><br />I like heist movies , and a lot of films by director William Friedkin , but this script does n't deliver and it just has way too much of the " Sleazy ' 70s " feel to it , visually and audibly . For those who loved Falk in TV 's " Columbo " it must come as a shock to hear him use as much profanity as he did in films . This is far from the only case .
0 VAMPYRES < br /><br />Aspect ratio : 1.85:1<br /><br />Sound format : Mono < br /><br />A motorist ( Murray Brown ) is lured to an isolated country house inhabited by two beautiful young women ( Marianne Morris and Anulka ) and becomes enmeshed in their free - spirited sexual lifestyle , but his hosts turn out to be vampires with a frenzied lust for human blood ... <br /><br />Taking its cue from the lesbian vampire cycle initiated by maverick director Jean Rollin in France , and consolidated by the success of Hammer 's " Carmilla " series in the UK , Jose Ramon Larraz ' daring shocker VAMPYRES pushed the concept of Adult Horror much further than British censors were prepared to tolerate in 1974 , and his film was cut by almost three minutes on its original British release . It is n't difficult to see why ! Using its Gothic theme as the pretext for as much nudity , sex and bloodshed as the film 's short running time will allow , Larraz ( who wrote the screenplay under the pseudonym ' D. Daubeney ' ) uses these commercial elements as mere backdrop to a languid meditation on life , death and the impulses - sexual and otherwise - which affirm the human condition.<br /><br />Shot on location at a picturesque country house during the Autumn of 1973 , Harry Waxman 's haunting cinematography conjures an atmosphere of grim foreboding , in which the desolate countryside - bleak and beautiful in equal measure - seems to foreshadow a whirlwind of impending horror ( Larraz pulled a similar trick earlier the same year with SYMPTOMS , a low - key thriller which erupts into a frenzy of violence during the final reel ) . However , despite its pretensions , VAMPYRES ' wafer - thin plot and rough - hewn production values will divide audiences from the outset , and while the two female protagonists are as charismatic and appealing as could be wished , the male lead ( Brown , past his prime at the time of filming ) is woefully miscast in a role that should have gone to some beautiful twentysomething stud . A must - see item for cult movie fans , an amusing curio for everyone else , VAMPYRES is an acquired taste . Watch out for silent era superstar Bessie Love in a brief cameo at the end of the movie .
0 I was not nearly as smitten with this as many other reviewers . Sure , it has a pair of lovely girls playing erotic , lesbian vampires . Marianne Morris and Anulka D. play these two lovely sirens with razor teeth that run up to cars on a road out of the way , hitch to their home(at dusk ) , and invite their prey ... sex - starved men to their boudoir . What happens there ... well , after they disrobe and kiss each other mostly , they kill their visitors . Director Jose Ramon Larraz does have some flashes of brilliance with his camera . Some scenes are quite eerie and effectively shot , but sex alone does not hold a film up(no pun intended ... at least consciously ) . There really is n't much of a story here . We have the two girls . We are shown some inexplicable and unexplained beginning where we see them shot with pistol . Why ? What does it mean " Why do we have the guy that stays for several days greet a guy at the hotel that insists he knows him from years ago ? Does that have a purpose ? Of course I have even more general questions like what is a couple of nice - looking girls doing as vampires in the English countryside and having a wine cellar filled with wine from the Carpathians ? Anyway , the script is riddled with such flaws . It is also very sparse on the action outside of catch victims , wine and dine them(quite literally ) , and then go to bed in the crypt . The end gets going with some juicier scenes , but it is anti - climatic . There are , as I said , some effective scenes by the director ... I particularly liked the way the girls dressed and were filmed in the woods looking for their prey . The house is also a most impressive set . And both girls are as I said very lovely . Marianne Morris in particular stands out - in more ways than one . For you older film fans , silent screen veteran Bessie Love has a brief cameo at film 's end .
0 Ah , the sex - and - gore movie . It 's too bad they do n't make these anymore ( unless you live in Japan ) . But if they all turned out like this , that is not a bad thing.<br /><br />The movie basically consists of the two lovely vampires picking up " johns " along a country road , taking them home to their castle , having crazy sex with them , and then eating them ( except the first victim , who they keep around for no particular reason ) . Things are complicated when a woman camping with her husband becomes too curious about these mysterious women she keeps seeing . It gets real ugly from here . By the end , the two vamps are in such a bloodlust that they 're eating everything in sight , and manage to let their captive victim escape . Oops , so much for that secret existence.<br /><br />The fact that the two vampyres do n't mind taking their clothes off and fooling around with each other is the only thing this movie has going for it . Otherwise , it 's a bloody , confusing mess ( why is their tomb so far away from their castle ? ) , watchable only for the scant few minutes of vampyre playtime . The only thing I got out of this movie was these two valuable bits of advice : shooting lesbians will not kill them ; it will only turn them into vampires , and , do n't pick up hookers along a country road ; they are probably vampires . Other than that , it really was n't worth my time .
0 Lesbian vampire film about a couple on holiday who are staying on the grounds of what they think is an empty manor house but is really being used as a pair of lesbian vampires . As the vampires bring in the occasional victim the couple go about their business until the two groups come crashing together.<br /><br />Great looking film with two very sexy women as the vampires there is nothing beyond the eye candy that they provide to recommend this cult film . Yes its a sexy vampire story . No it is not remotely interesting beyond the women . To be honest there is a reason that I 've been seeing stills of this film in horror books and magazines it looks great , but other than that ... <br /><br />For those who want to see sexy vampires only .
0 Roman Polanski has made many , many movies that are unexceptional . His fame bewilders me . Nothing stands out as a high point except Chinatown ( I have n't seen ' Knife in the Water ' or ' Tess ' ) . Any contribution he 's made to film concluded more than twenty years ago ; his work is just embarrassing , safe and/or dull ( The Pianist , Frantic , Oliver Twist , The Ninth Gate , Pirates).<br /><br />R 's Baby must have signified the end of the establishment at the time it came out . It 's lux - produced and fairly high concept for a 1968 ' horror ' movie ( never show the baby ) . But this is just misconceived horror sap . Everything is arty to the point that the plot line becomes hopelessly clear very early ( Um , thanks for that finale - destroying title ) , and on a clear day you can see the twist ending coming for days . It did not sustain my interest . I find that whatever this movie might have been , it is utterly derailed by the 1960 's version of what femininity was . Farrow is such a chronic distracted , helpless waif / housewife . Her frailty is oversold ... she 's irritating in the extreme . There 's no real ideas in it ... nothing to consider except being the mother of the devil.<br /><br />The Dakota is barely exploited for it eerie potential .
0 I really wanted to like this movie and watched all the way through thinking it had to get better . Do n't get me wrong , it 's not the worst flick ever but it never lives up to it 's potential . The premise is good , the cast is great ( I was especially pumped to witness the return of David Naughton ) and , God love 'em , you can tell everyone tried their best . It just falls short over and over again . " Brutal Massacre " should serve as a constant reminder to filmmakers that only Christopher Guest can do Christopher Guest movies and , despite the fact he makes it look easy , you should probably just forget trying to do the same . Naughton and Brian O'Halloran are fantastic in this and they should be seen more often ... they are the reason this gets 4 stars from me . If you 're going to have the " Spinal Tap " of horror I suspect you might want the guy who made " Spinal Tap " to helm it ... just thinking out loud there .
0 I saw this movie a few days ago ... what the hell was that?<br /><br />I like movies with Brian O'Halloran , they are funny and enjoyable . When I saw a name of this title and genre I thought great , this one could be really good ... some parody for slashers or another gore movies ... but .. then i read a preview and thought right it could be good anyway ... but it wasn't ... <br /><br />my opinion : if like movies they look little bit like documentary , with little bit of comedy try some Moore 's movies or Alien autopsy , they are really about something . this one was empty . < br /><br />and put A comedy to title ... no comment ... really bad joke
0 Alright , so I 've been dying to see this movie . Stoked about the , " who 's who " in horror land that are in the film .... well , my friend rented this , brought it over , and we started watching it . It 's supposed to be a comedy .... I did not smirk even ONCE , until the 40min mark.<br /><br />Does it have to do with the budget ? Not at all , in fact , there 's films out there that cost CLOSE TO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING , and they 're amazing ( to me anyways ) . Also , while watching this film , I could n't help but realize the similarities ( i.e. , STEALING ) to a low budget indie film titled , " ACTRESS APOCALYPSE " , read my review about it ( it DESTROYS this film BTW).<br /><br />This film ... it had potential it really did . It had the " star power " , stolen plot ( lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie ... IE ... "ACTRESS APOCALYPSE" .... seriously , this angers me the more and more I think about), ... it really could 've been funny . A LOT , A LOT of the jokes fall flat . The acting is alright for what it is . But it dragged on , was n't funny , and the plot was totally stolen.<br /><br />I give this a two , because it was n't SOOO AWFUL , but that 's the ONLY reason .
0 It 's funny , when you stop and think about it : fright film fans tend to a deep and abiding affection toward those who scare the daylights out of them . THE Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE may give us nightmares , but who among us ( the Faithful ) did n't feel a very real twinge of love for Gunnar Hansen in BRUTAL MASSACRE- or for Ken Foree , forever and ever the resolute hero of the original DAWN OF THE DEAD ? His cameo in the remake made me want to stand up and cheer ( as did Tom Savini 's cameo ) ; I kid you not . And Brian Halloran and ... Well , you get my drift ( if not , just stand downwind ... ) . These are some of the Heroes of Horror . To see this many of them gathered together in a single movie is almost unheard of ( at least to this degree , to my knowledge ) . If only the writer(s ) had been up to such a monumental task . Maybe someone else , somewhere along the line , will try again . As long as it 's not another half - hearted effort ( like BROTHERHOOD OF BLOOD , for instance ) .
0 bad acting , bad southern accents , inconsistent cinematography , horrible script ... <br /><br />I was looking forward to this film at a recent film festival and was so discouraged after seeing it . It contains quote / unquote name talent , but they do not deliver . Of course the basis for this is the uneven and uninteresting story that is told.<br /><br />don't bother
0 They 're showing this on some off - network . It 's well crap . While it is not as bad as the B - movies they show on the Sci - fi network on Saturdays but still a fairly large pile of crap . The acting is passable . The plot and writing are fairly sub - standard and the pacing is entirely too slow . Every minute of the movie feels like the part of the movie where they 're wrapping things up before the credits - not the peak of the movie , the denouement . Also , large portions of the cast look way to old for the age range they 're playing . The whole thing is predictable , boring and not worthy of being watched . Save your time . It 's not even worth the time it takes to watch it for free .
0 This movie is a modest effort by Spike Lee . He is capable of much more than this movie . Get on the Bus while apparenly anti racist , does nothing but berate whites and degrade the black status quo . The plot of this movie is about a group of black men who travel on a bus to Louis Farrakhan 's million man march . The bus has every type of person you could imagine : gay , muslim , gangbanger and the Uncle Tom(He is thrown off the bus though ) . There was one only white person on the bus . He was accused of being a racist the minute he got on the bus to drive . Despite him being a jew and the fact that he explained is situation he ended up being a racist and leaving the bus . I hate to say it but films like this need to realize their own hipocracy and rienforcation of steryotypes . This should not be seen as a triumph but a sad dissapointment . You may think I am a racist for writing this but I mean well . Better luck next time Spike .
0 Another FINE effort by America 's most UNDERrated filmmaker . His knowledge on the subject of racism is STAGGERING , and IMPRESSES me on more than one level . Accusations that Lee is really just a devious little racist , a poisonous dwarf who opportunistically exploits Hollywood 's Affirmative Action system to make movies of inferior quality is utter NONSENSE , mere Right - Wing propaganda . The very notion that Lee would resort to misusing the current climate of political correctness in America in order to produce hate - filled anti - white movies is simply FALSE and malicious.<br /><br />Some of Lee 's detractors even go so far as to suggest that GOTB glorifies African - Americans , while putting down other races : obviously , another FALSEHOOD disseminated by people who are AGAINST peaceful co - existence between different races in America and elsewhere.<br /><br />My favourite scene in the movie is a lengthy dialogue early on between the rich black Republican and the others in the bus . The views presented by that man are simply WRONG - all across the board . 100 % UNTRUE . He LACKS education , unlike the brilliantly INFORMED guys who quite DESERVEDLY throw him off the bus.<br /><br />TERRIFIC performances , and an INTELLIGENT script make for a viewing experience that has been RARELY rivaled by any political movies made since.<br /><br />I also want to point out the incessant LIES that the Million - Man March had only 80,000 people taking part in it!<br /><br />(And now all you have to do is take the antonyms of all the words written in capital letters ... )<br /><br />So what message does Lee send here ? If someone does n't agree with your political views , you simply apply violence and throw him off the bus . I thought the movie said " get ON the bus" ... ?<br /><br />Apparently , Mr . Lee is for bus - segregation after all , i.e. is no different than those KKK lunatics before him : the bus is only for those blacks who are in line with the Democratic Party 's line of thinking . So much for " freeing the slaves" ... <br /><br />The end - credits : " This movie was entirely financed by black people . " And distributed and marketed by a major Hollywood studio run by Jews and whites whom Farrakhan despises ...
0 I just have to add , in case anyone actually reads this and has n't completely gotten the point yet . These other reviewers are n't joking around , this really IS the worst colour movie you 're likely to ever see . When the movie started I could n't believe something like this actually made it out for the world to see.<br /><br />They're not just saying it when they said it looks like a home movie . It really does . Like the " director " took the family hi8 camcorder ( before DV cameras and computer non - linear editing ) , no other equipment ( lights , sound gear , etc ) , grabbed some decent - looking acting students , and went out to shoot a movie . No script , just making it up as he went along.<br /><br />When I watched it , it was on my mono TV , so I only have one channel of audio ( left of right speaker ) . At first I thought I 'd hooked it up wrong . The movie was silent until someone spoke a couple of minutes in . I got up and switched over to the other channel and suddenly I could hear music and sound effects but then could n't hear the dialog . They recorded the sound on different bloody channels ! I mean , there 's movies that can be funny to watch , so bad they 're good , kind of thing . I 'm not sure this is one of those . I mean , I 'll admit to being a bit of a budding film maker . And seeing bad movies just makes you want to go out there and PROVE you can do it better , you know . But watching this just made me feel sorry for whoever made it.<br /><br />As bad as they were , the actors are the only good thing about this . I thought the chick was hot and was disappointed in the brevity of her bath scene . A bit of T and A from her would have raised the score from nothing to maybe a 3 or 4 . But alas , no . If you want to make a movie but it 's turning out crap , throw in some gratuitous nudity . Worked for Roger Corman .
0 I 'll start by apologizing to filmmakers everywhere for using the terms " filmmaker " , " film " , or " movie " in connection with this , but " criminal " and " crime against humanity " seem a bit harsh.<br /><br />The writing : pathetic.<br /><br />The directing : pathetic.<br /><br />The acting : pathetic.<br /><br />The cinematography : too inept for words.<br /><br />The technical skills used to assemble this atrocity : NONE WHATSOEVER.<br /><br />This lump of waste could hardly be called cinema . The majority of family home movies come closer to earning that distinction than Revenge Quest . No , this is just a 10 car pile - up caught on video.<br /><br />We'll skip the plot in this review , because there are far too many holes to be covered at once . Let 's just say that it stinks worse than the rest of this movie . To call the acting one - dimensional would be giving them credit . What little there is , is atrocious to begin with , and made much worse by the terrible video and editing.<br /><br />The worst part of this atrocity , though , apart from the plot , would have to be the effects ... or rather the disturbing lack thereof . There are no blanks in the guns , no flashpots , and what few sound effects existed were either stock " gun " sounds , or they were generated by mouth ( yeah , you read that right ) . The filmmaker actually had the audacity to record a " shh " sound for the elevator doors ; I guess he felt it made them sound more futuristic . This is supposed to be set in the year 2031 , after all . That does n't explain the sounds he created by mouth for the fist - fight scenes , however.<br /><br />If it was n't bad enough that the sound quality is terrible ( he just used the microphone that was mounted on the video camera , and it shows ) , the use of stock gun sounds was almost worse than not using any sounds at all . The sound effects stand out from the rest of the soundtrack like a drunken yak in a herd of sheep , and they 're just as clumsy . Picture this : The bad guy enters an office building searching for his prey . A lady starts to run in fear . He raises his gun ( an uzi ) , and shakes it . We hear a sound that is clearly not an uzi . The woman runs away from camera , and suddenly a single blood pack ( only 1 ) explodes on her back ( looked like she was hit by a paintball ) , and she falls flat on her face.<br /><br />Bear in mind that my description does far too much justice to the ineptitude of the actual sequence.<br /><br />In another sequence , one which almost- but not quite- makes the movie funny enough to watch , takes place in a stairwell . The bad guy chases the good guy and the lady he 's protecting down the stairs , shaking his plastic uzi all the way . You may wish to duck ; there are badly timed sound effects flying all over the place.<br /><br />I supposed Alan DeHerrera ca n't be locked away for conceiving of this train wreck , but he did follow through all the way to editing and releasing it . If there 's any justice , there 's bound to be some karma out there with his name on it.<br /><br />Should you decide to watch this lump of industrial waste- and I would strongly advise against it- be sure to watch for the entire scenes lifted nearly verbatim from Bladerunner , and the AM radio that doubles as a walkie - talkie . Try not to focus too hard on the plot ; it will only hurt you more if you do.<br /><br />0 stars of 10 . And that 's being generous .
0 If I were to create a movie thermometer , this movie would be absolute zero . Out of ten stars , I would rate it as follows:<br /><br />Plot : zero stars Video quality : zero stars Sound Quality : zero stars Acting : zero stars < br /><br />It is as though high school students got together one afternoon with a camera , made up a plot and shot a movie . It is so lacking in any artistic value that I 'd rather watch kids walking around a high school than watch this movie.<br /><br />HOWEVER , something is to be said for the abysymal depths . The " shootout " in the staircase is one of the most train - wreck funny scenes ever . First of all , the combatants simply wave plastic guns at each other , jerking their arms back and forth to simulate recoil . The pair actually " duck " each other 's non - existent bullets . No squibs , no sparks , no blanks , just waving spraypainted squirtguns around . If you want to see two grown men play " actor " , give it a spin someday ... after you have cleaned the fridge , combed the carpet , polished all of the doorknobs , raked the gravel , straightened the books on the shelf , etc .
0 Elephants Dream was supposed to be the flagship project of the open source community . And while it was a very interesting idea in concept , in reality it has failed miserably.<br /><br />The film is beautifully rendered , which is probably the only redeeming factor . A huge problem with them , however , is the vast overruse of light bloom . It 's horrible , although I guess it helps give the film a dreamlike quality.<br /><br />One thing to note is the terrible voice acting . While Proog 's voice actor is at least semi - competent , Emo 's voice actor is HORRIBLE . I guess when you have a budget that basically amounts to zero , you ca n't afford to hire real voice actors . To me it seems like they hired one of the animators to do his voice.<br /><br />As a whole , the movie does n't really go anywhere . To me it seems like it 's more of a " look what we can do " kind of movie instead of a real film . The plot goes nowhere and fails at really showing any interesting point . The whole movie feels like it was made as an excuse to make interesting looking areas.<br /><br />Overall , it may be worth a quick download from the official site , but do n't expect anything except pretty graphics .
0 Well , I was excited at first to download an animated open source movie , only to be ruined by a demo reel . The animation is excellent , the lip syncing is awful , and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what 's going on , only to realize nothing is going on . You feel no emotion for the characters , only pity for the creators for wasting their time . I have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time ! This could of been an excellent short film , if they had just taken the time to hire a real director . I 'm sure everyone over at Blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities , but sorry guys - story telling is what makes a movie .
0 As said before , the visual effects are stunning . They 're breathtaking . I personally use Blender and graphics like that are not easy AT ALL . But that 's all this movie is . Not only is the plot confusing , but the overall conflict is not clear . For example , in the first scene , Proog and Emo are trying to run away from who knows what . The conflict seems to be between man and nature here . Later , when they enter the room of the bottomless pit , Proog explains that " one step out of place and ( you 're dead ) " . Here , there 's a more precise conflict between the careless man and nature . As the movie progresses , it 's clear that a conflict exists between man and nature . But suddenly , a conflict exists between man and man when Proog , out of nowhere , murders Emo . Proog immediately changes from being a caring guardian looking after a lost child to being a " sick man " . He betrays us . Not only is this depressing , but we do n't care because the conflict between the character 's thoughts and actions is not developed . It 's not a story about someone , through struggle , emerging stronger . It 's depressing and has not point because there 's no great truth about the human soul or about the world brought to light like a great drama does . In my opinion , the movie is severely underdeveloped in all aspects . However , the graphics are stunning , but a movie is so much more than mere eye candy . There 's no truth , no struggle and a bad surprise ending . In conclusion , an underdeveloped movie without a point . ... but the graphics are good .
0 This was thought to be the flagship work of the open source community , something that would stand up and scream at the worlds media to take notice as we 're not stuck in the marketing trap with our options in producing fine work with open source tools . After the basic version download ( die hard fan here on a dial - up modem ) eventually got here I hit my first snag . Media Player , Mplayer Classic & winamp failed to open it on my xp box , and then Totem , xine & kaffeine failed to open it on my suse server . Mplayer managed to run it flawlessly . Going to be hard to spread the word about it if normal users ca nt even open it ... <br /><br />The Film . Beautiful soundtrack , superb lighting , masterful camera work and flawless texturing . Everything looked real . And then the two main characters moved .... and spoke ... And the movie died for me . Everything apart from the lip syncing and the actual animation of the two main characters ( except for Proog in the dancing scene ) looked fluid and totally alive . The two main characters were animated so poorly that at times i was wondering if there are any games on the market at the moment with cut - scenes that entail less realism than this.<br /><br />Any frame in the movie is fantastic .. as a frame , and the thing is great if neither actors are moving . I 'm so glad i have n't actually recommended this to anyone . I 'd ruin my reputation.<br /><br />Oh , and final fantasy had a more followable and cunningly devised plot.<br /><br />this movie would get 10 stars if it was n't for the tragedy that sits right there on the screen .
0 Scary Movie 3 ( 2003 ) was a bad idea to begin with . The last film was a mediocre effort . Put it next to this load , it 's a comedy classic . Whilst part two was filled with a lot of dated humor and cheap shots , at least it was funny . There 's nothing funny about forced humor . Jokes , pratfalls and sight gags are supposed to be naturally funny . Hitting the viewer over the head with tired jokes is not cool . The humor in this film was caters to juvenile imbeciles who 'll laugh at anything . When they catered to the junior high school crowd , any sense of self respect was tossed out the window . Ring parodies are not funny . I have watched them in comedies since 1998 . They 're so dated . Michael Jackson jokes are not cool either . What 's even worse is making fun of two broken down has been " performers " whose best days were NEVER.<br /><br />The death of American cinema has been a slow one . Films like this are the nails that are being pounded into it 's coffin . Whatever happened to real humor ? I have n't laughed out loud in a movie theater in a long time . Too many bad movies rot the brain . You want proof ? Go to your local mega chain video rental store and see what 's on the shelves . This movie is bad . Do n't believe the hype . I would rather watch Scary Movie 2 in a continuous loop than to suffer through this poor excuse of a comedy ever again!<br /><br />Definitely not recommended ( unless you have a handful of brain cells ) .
0 Scary Movie 3 is such a stinkfest its hard to put it in words . It makes movies like Malibu 's Most Wanted look like Oscar material , lets just say that.<br /><br />The original Scary Movie was great fun , one of the better 90s spoof movies , coming from a great team who previously rocked our world with Do nt Be A Menace to South Central Whilst Drinking Your Juice in the Hood . But what the hell happened ? ! After the tragedy that was Scary Movie 2 , i thought the cast and crew change would help matters , but its even worse.<br /><br />Within 20mins i 'd smiled twice . Not one laugh , the jokes were recycled and originality was obviously no factor . The fact that at this point in writing , the majority of people on this site have voted it 10/10 has made me feel physically ill . When there 's great flicks like School of Rock out , which actually have jokes that are * gasp * funny , anyone wasting their money on tripe like this needs their head examined.<br /><br />no stars/ * * * *
0 < br /><br />"step aside for hollywood veterans ? " ( the wayan brothers were ' asked ' ) that s what hollyweird demanded and that s what it got . However , like so many of its recent decisions this one was a stupendous mistake.<br /><br />The director is SO out of touch with todays audience , attempting to bring back physical pratfalls and gags in place of funny dialogue is just a DISASTER . I knew it , the audience knew it and the CAST knew it.<br /><br />What a shame , why did they EVER consider changing directors ? Not only that but the two Wayan brothers played as two of four primary characters , without them its just a farce and a sad one.<br /><br />SP < br /><br / >
0 Scary Movie 3 is n't as funny as its predecessors but its still has its funny moments . It all begins when roving reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a hard news story in the middle of television sweeps . She soon uncovers an outrageous onslaught of globe - threatening developments including alien invaders , killer videotapes , freaky crop circles and much more . Faced with conspiracies of massive proportions , and a crew of very strange people following her around , Cindy must fight to stop evil from taking over the world yet again . The plot is a non - issue here as the first two were pretty much plot less . This time around they focus on Signs , The Ring , Matrix Reloaded and 8 mile as well as many others just not as much as the previously mentioned ones . The first one was { imo } one of the funniest films I have ever seen . The second one was n't as good but still quite funny . The third one is mildly enjoyable but its nothing special . Let 's just say that I did n't mind seeing it once but I probably would n't want to see it again . The jokes are either hit or miss and the ones that are funny usually involve Charlie Sheen . The lame ones usually involve Anthony Anderson as he is very overrated . Why he keeps getting cast is unclear because he is n't funny . Anna Faris gives a funny performance and she 's also kind of underrated . Simon Rex shows some potential as he actually was n't so bad . Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and she gives a pretty funny performance . The rest of the cast were pretty much a bunch of cameos . Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scene out of all the cameos . Their in the opening sequence spoofing The Ring and that scene turns out to be on of the more enjoyable ones in the film . Denise Richards , Queen Latifah , Camryn Manheim and many others also have cameos . David Zucker directs and while this is n't another Airplane , it 's also not another My Boss 's Daughter either . Its pointless to really analyze a straight comedy as the main thing that people want to know if its funny or not . Like I said before if you do like it , you probably wo n't really like it that much . In the end , I found it a bit disappointing as the PG-13 rating kind of weaken it but it can still be enjoyed . Rating 6.3/10
0 Hollywood does it again . Lots of money , no creativity . I 'm sure the writers were on something other than oxygen when they wrote this one . Based on the previews , I thought that this would be a funny movie . But if you are not up on the latest stupid pop culture then you 'll miss most of the silly humor in this movie . Why waste your time . You can sit on a log doing nothing and have more fun than this movie will provide.<br /><br / >
0 Well ... i was going to wait till this came out on video to see it , and i wish i had , I actually caught scary movie 2 on cable the other day , and it made me yearn for more of the same , what i got was AIRPLANE on CRACK ... i mean if you like Airplane or any other Leslie nielsen vehicles , then you 'll probably be in heaven , but if your used to the usually WAYANS COMEDY , then you will be dissapointed , there was alot more Eye candy in this one which will keep young hormone raged teenage boys happy , which is probably why it was a box office hit the first week it came out . I enjoyed scary movie 2 ten times more then this fodder , and part one 5 times as much . Odd that the better of the 3 is part 2 , but then again i always liked Halloween 2 better then the original as well .. maybe its just me . The funniest part of the movie has to be the way the Aliens Say Goodbye . But that was nt worth the 11 dollars i spent to catch a matinee of this with my fiance . Save yourself cash and catch part 2 again on cable till this is released on Video tape , and then Rent it , do nt buy it .
0 Never before have the motives of the producers of a motion picture been more transparent . Let 's see : FIRST , they get every willing televangelist to hype this film as the greatest thing since sliced white bread . NEXT , they encourage as many fundamentalist Christians as possible to purchase copies of the film so as to recoup its paltry production costs and pump up its advertising budget . And FINALLY , when the film hits the theaters , get as many said Christians as possible to see it yet again , bus them into the multiplexes if necessary , NOT on the merits of the film itself , but because a # 1 box office opening will be seen as some sort of profound spiritual victory.<br /><br />But THAT , of course , wo n't be enough . I imagine that any film critic with the audacity to give " Left Behind " anything short of a glowing review will be deemed " anti - Christian." < br /><br />Of course , this shamelessly manipulative marketing campaign should n't surprise anyone . It is , after all , good old fashioned Capitalism at work . What DOES surprise me is how many people have been suckered into the whole " Left Behind " mindset . As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some sense of reason and rationality , it leaves me scratching my head . It would appear that there are many , MANY people who actually believe that sometime in the near future a " Rapture " is going to occur , and that millions of people all over the Earth are going to simultaneously vanish INTO THIN AIR . What kind of reality , I wonder , are these people living in ? Is this " Rapture " something they actually believe in , or is it something they fervently WANT to believe in ? And when they reach the end of their lives and realize this " Rapture " has not occurred , will they be disappointed and disillusioned ? Will there still be people 100 years from now insisting that the " Rapture " is imminent?<br /><br />In a way , I almost wish that such an event would occur ! What an interesting day that would be ! What would be even more interesting is if the Apocalypse were to occur in a more spectacular fashion , not in the anthropological sense the authors of the " Left Behind " series have portrayed , but as more of a Stephen Spielberg production , with boiling clouds , trumpets , angels descending out of the sky , Moon turned to blood , the whole nine yards . Imagine coming to the realization that it was all coming true , just as the evangelists had been warning for years , and that there was something more awesome than just the cold , hard , physical reality we inhabit . Would n't THAT be something???<br /><br />Yet in the final analysis , it 's that cold , hard , physical reality that I will content myself with . My life is not so meaningless that I need the fear of a " Rapture " and the " End Times " to make sense of it all ... nor do I need Heaven or Hell to bribe or scare me into behaving decently , thank you very much .
0 Left Behind is an incredible waste of more than 17 million dollars . The acting is weak and uninspiring , the story even weaker . The audience is asked to believe the totally implausible and many times laughable plot line and given nothing in return for their good faith . Not only is the film poorly acted and scripted it is severely lacking in all the technical areas of filmmaking . The production design does nothing to help the credibility of the action . The effects are wholly unoriginal and flat . The lighting and overall continuity are inexcusably awful ; even compared to movies with a tenth of the budget . However none of this will matter in that millions of families will no doubt embrace the film for it 's wholesomeness and it 's religious leanings ; and who can blame them . However it is unfortunate that they will be forced to accept 3rd rate amatuer filmmaking .
0 I 've read every book to date in the left behind series , and the movie hardly does any of them justice . Sure , I 've seen worse movies , but this was incredibly disappointing . This movie would have made a good MST3 K episode . The script was a horrible adaptation of the book , and it felt like the actors were reading their lines , instead of actually saying them . The characters were stiff and unlikeable . The effects were cheesy , and looked terribly fake . The ending was awful . First of all , it did n't even go all the way through the first book . Second , it made no sense . If you had n't read the book , you 'd have no idea what was going on . It had to have been the most cheesy , film student - like ending I 've ever seen in a movie . I 'm upset that I actually paid money for this movie . If by some miracle , it does get wide release , they ought to totally overhaul it and let Hollywood take over . Those two wannabe film producers , and the wannabe director should leave movie making to the professionals .
0 I 'm not a fan of the Left Behind book series - the books are written at a 6th - grade reading level with a lack of research and understanding of science , technology , and politics . While the books do manage to remain faithful to scripture , their methods of fulfilling prophecy are often ridiculous ( an example is their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel ) . Also , the books have an unmistakable preachy tone that will turn off unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel . Still , I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation . For a similar reason , I watched this film adaptation . I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre film bordering on poor . The acting is actually rather decent for the most part with occasional bits of poor acting and over - acting . The script is rather bad , though it is hardly unexpected when starting with the novel as a basis . The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped . Events feel scattered and disconnected . The dialogue sometimes sounds rushed . At least the book managed to flesh out its hokey conspiracy theory . Here , the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes much sense if one has read the book . The pacing of the film is also very poorly executed with the opening and conclusion seeming extremely rushed , and the middle dragging to an excruciatingly slow trudge that makes it feel padded . The music is schizophrenic . At times , it successfully underscores the mood and sounds fitting for a motion picture . At other moments , it reminds me of sitcom and mini - series music . And still other bits remind me of a poppy MTV soundtrack that just does n't belong in the film . I can give the film points for the scene of panic on board the plane , but that 's it . The other scenes involving the disasters after the Rapture are far from compelling . The film also suffers from the book 's preachiness although its message is n't quite as in your face . In all , I found the movie just as disappointing as the series . This is not the film to rally Christians around it . I hope that this film does NOT get any attention at the theaters next year . It would be more unnecessary bad publicity for Christianity . For an example of a compelling , intelligent , well - researched series based on Revelation that presents a realistic and Christian world view without offending the secular reader ( who after all should be whom a Christian is trying to reach ) read the Christ Clone trilogy by James BeauSeigneur . It 's a great read and is a much better choice for unbelievers or believers who appreciate quality .
0 I did n't expect much from this film , but oh brother , what a stinker.<br /><br />I found this gem in a giant crate of awful $ 5 DVD 's at Walmart ( where else ) ? As cheap as this disc was , I feel ripped off . The special effects had a high school look to them , the camera work marred by wobbly tripods and sketchy lighting and the acting was a perfect example of the ' Christian School ' . One can imagine the long and exhausting ' prayer meetings ' by the production company after seeing the rushes come back - the people who bankrolled this thing must have had seriously anti - biblical feelings towards the inept production company that cranked this thing out . Think of their anguish as they saw their $ 914.86 investment go up in smoke.<br /><br />Someone asked why Christian movies are so bad - perhaps the Xian film - makers need to look at GOOD movies and attempt to copy some of the things that make them so good . Believable stories and characters , less hysterical arm - waving and fanaticism , oh , and a story that appeals to -everyone- , not just true believers . I.e. Stop The Sermon , Save It For Church . Take the Omen or Prophesy series , for example . Excellent films with compelling story lines , great cinematography and intense music . No hysterical arm - waving . No preaching.<br /><br />If this film had a laugh track it would have been MUCH better .
0 This movie is maybe one of the most boring movies of 2000 that I have seen ! Especially the music fails to create suspense when people suddenly disappear . Also aspects such as martial law are not treated with the necessary seriousness . The story itself has problems : the UN could never take power over the world since the United States alone would not allow it but nations such as China , Russia , Japan , etc . would not either . This would also play against someone trying to take over the world as Nicolae Carpathia does . This reminds me of James Bond movies , only that those have more action ! Naturally the movie is made for Christians and only for Christians and they may enjoy it . Since I can not count myself a Christian I find the whole idea ludicrous . This prophecy furthermore seems to be , if believed to be true , dangerously close to other prophecies by cults for the end of the world . Why fear such a possibility when we can make life as good as possible here on Earth without
0 What is it with Americans and their hang - up with religious gobbledy - gook ? To think this was a best - selling novel is incredible , but to pull it off as a movie you really need good acting and a script that delivers . In this case , all the good actors have gone to heaven and we 're left with Kirk Cameron as a CNN - type journalist ( ! ) trying to discover why a lot of people have simply disappeared . Oh yeah , there 's a subplot about an evil world conspiracy and famine , or something . The good news is that this is done so cheaply , and with such inane dialogue , that it has sheer entertainment value in all of its unintended laughs . Not recommended for anyone with a 3-digit IQ .
0 If you made the mistake of seeing the movie before reading the book , please do n't give up on the series . I bought my first copy of any of the books in May of this year , and already I 'm almost finished with book 10 . I dare say the movie is a piece of trash that does n't do the series even a sniff of justice . While " Left Behind : the movie " only vaguely follows the story of the " Left Behind " ( the book ) , the characters are n't even close to accurate.<br /><br />A few examples : Rayford never acts on his feelings for Hattie ( he is about to when he 's informed of the vanishings ) ; Buck Williams is a blonde haired , magazine writer , not a TV reporter ; Chloe is at Stanford , and a lot of the book details Rayford wondering if she ' survived ' ; Buck and Chloe do n't meet until much later , at a meeting in New York , set up by Hattie ; Irene and Raymie are never ' in the book , ' rather just in Rayford 's flashback thoughts ; the roads are so jam packed with wrecks following the rapture that Rayford and Hattie have to helicopter back to the suburbs ... etc , etc , etc ... <br /><br />And that 's just from the first movie ; they 're about to release the third . Please , even if you did n't like the movies , give the book series a chance .
0 Surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it when it moves toward its end . For the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one , with a small budget , insultingly bad written script and everything that goes with it.<br /><br />It 's silly that with all the money going around in the Christian circles they never can seem to get sufficient funds to make a decent movie with . I 'm not a religious , so I could n't care less really but film - making does some like a good tool to reach a new audience for churches and getting people more interested and curious in reading the bible for instance . In that regard these movies always seem like a wasted opportunity.<br /><br />The low budget does really hurt the movie and brings it down . It makes the movie laughable to watch with its effects and it just gives the overall movie a campy B - movie like feeling.<br /><br />But what 's hurting this movie more is its writing . The stuff that just happens in this movie is just insulting to the intelligence and then I 'm not even complaining or talking about the religious aspects of the whole story . The way the movie progresses is just so improbable and the people within this movie do such highly unlikely things that it 's being insulting to its viewers.<br /><br />I also hated how the movie was being like a soap opera at times . Seemed to me that they simply had a hard time turning this into a full length movie and they added in some characters and dramatic developments just to fill things up . I just could n't cared less really at times.<br /><br />Still it needs to be said that the movie gets more solid and steady toward its end , when its story gets more focused on its essence . Still it remains predictable all but it prevented this movie from being a complete wreck to watch and as far as these type of movies are concerned , there are far worser one to watch out there , though I do n't think this movie will win over any new souls.<br /><br />4/10
0 I did n't agree with any of the theology in the Left Behind series , but nonetheless I found the books gripping and I read 8 of 12 of them . Undeniably good writing and interesting story . However , I did n't have very high expectations for the movie . There was no way mainstream Hollywood would have taken up a Christian series and produced a big - budget movie . So it was done independently ... and it just felt like I was watching a really long TV show . It just did n't FEEL like a movie ; it did n't have that movie " experience " to it , if anybody knows what I 'm talking about . So the movie suffered because of that , and the low - budget , poor special effects were another detraction for me.<br /><br />On top of that , I feel that Gordon Currie was woefully miscast as Nicolie Carpathia . Reading the book , my impression of NC was that he was supposed to be this charming , dazzling , amazingly handsome guy who spoke English with almost zero trace of an accent . So I imagined somebody like Pierce Brosnan in the role . Instead , they found some Clay Aiken pencil - neck who looks like an employee of the month from Best Buy , and gave him a really bad fake accent . So that lost a few stars for me right there . A movie is just not convincing when the major villain does n't look or sound the way he 's supposed to.<br /><br />The acting was okay , but nothing to write home about . Some of the scenes - like one of the conversion scenes ( ca n't remember which one ) - were real seat - squirmers for me . And some of the Christian rock music or whatever it was , was really out of place for some of the scenes , like in the one with Kirk Cameron praying in the bathroom.<br /><br />In short , it was n't a bad movie , but it just did n't do it for me . Stick to the book , folks , it 's much better .
0 This is a classic stinker with a big named cast , mostly seniors who were well past their prime and bedtime in this one.<br /><br />This is quite a depressing film when you think about it . Remain on earth , and you will face illness and eventually your demise.<br /><br />Gwen Verndon showed that she could still dance . Too bad the movie did n't concentrate more on that . Maureen Stapleton , looking haggard , still displayed those steps from " Queen of the Star Dust Ballroom , " so much more down to earth from 10 years earlier.<br /><br />I only hope that this film does n't encourage seniors to commit mass suicide on the level of Jim Jones . How can anyone be idiotic enough to like this and say it gets you to think?<br /><br />Why did Don Ameche win an Oscar for this nonsense?<br /><br />If the seniors were doing such a wonderful thing at the end , why was the youngster encouraged to get off the boat ? Why did Steve Guttenberg jump ship as well ? After all , he had found his lady - love . < br /><br />This would have been a nice film if the seniors had just managed to find their fountain of youth on earth and stay there.<br /><br />Sadly , with the exception of Wilford Brimley , at this writing , Vernon , Gilford , Stapleton , Ameche , Tandy , Cronyn and lord knows who else are all gone . The writers should have taken the screenplay and placed it with this group as well .
0 The best thing about camp films in general is that you know what to expect . It 's like watching a professional wrestling match or a day time soap opera or a Jerry Springer show : you immediately can follow the skimpy plot , identify the cardboard characters , and watch in satisfaction while all the cliches are being fulfilled . However , at times , the director does something real unexpected . It may be something extraordinarily stupid , or something weird , or something insightful . The director Makinen is up there with the best camp directors , and this is his best movie.<br /><br />In Yon saalistajat , everything seems to come together . There 's nothing good about it , but still manages to be a coherent whole . Not once does the movie slow down - the action flows on and punches keep on coming.<br /><br />The weirdest thing is that there 's no sense of time : some characters seem to take months doing something while other characters have only spent one hour at a bar . This is partially due to Finnish summer where the sun never sets , so you do n't experience the day turning into a night at all.<br /><br />Finally : there is a plot , there , somewhere . You may have to watch the movie three times before you realize it , though .
0 Sundown - featuring the weakest , dorkiest vampires ever seen , accompanied by one of the most unfitting , pretentious scores ever written - and with Shane the vampire , who 's every move and spoken word was so ridiculous that I burst out laughing half the times and rolled my eyes the rest.<br /><br />The vampires do n't seem to have any special powers at all - except for strength ( sometimes ) , being able to switch off a lamp with their mind ( one time ) and ... that 's it , really . Ever imagine count Dracula worriedly recoiling from a fight 'cause he ran out of bullets ? Neither did I. Practically any other movie - Dracula would eat this one for breakfast , skin his followers and use their bones as toothpicks.<br /><br />The main plot of the movie is that a human family of four gets caught up in a vampire gang fight - Dracula 's vs. some old geezer 's . It could have been some good old B - flick fun , but the overly dramatic music was clearly written by someone who took this movie a bit too seriously , and ends up ruining the remaining part of the movie not already ruined by clay bats , mediocre acting and the laughable screenplay.<br /><br />In the end it 's just too silly to be funny . Sure , it has some amusing moments , but they 're few , and far apart .
0 " Sundown : The Vampire in Retreat " is a rubbish . The acting is terrible , the atmosphere is non - existent and the characters are uninteresting . The only scary thing about this piece of scum is that majority of the IMDb users gave it a 10.This is really horrifying . No gore , no suspense , no violence , nothing . Bruce Cambell("The Evil Dead","Intruder")is completely wasted , the supporting cast is also terrible . Yes , some people may like this picture , especially a mainstream society but hard - core horror fans or gore - hounds wo n't enjoy this piece of crap . Personally I hate horror comedies , I prefer watching serious horror movies like " Cannibal Holocaust " or " Last House on the Left".In my opinion , a real horror movie is supposed to be scary , excessively bloody and disturbing , without stupid humour , which usually ruins the whole concept . This one is n't scary , isn't gory , isn't even funny as a comedy , so do n't waste your precious time .
0 This may sound crazy to even the people who remember this show ... But I remembered this as being live - action . I do n't think I ever saw the cartoon . but movie ? maybe . I remember it very clearly . The guy was in a building kinda like a showroom . He even had the red jacket . It was dark out and he turned into a red car and there was this guy on the second level looking down at him . The car / guy spun around and crashed through the big showroom type window and out onto the street . And then proceeded to drive off . That is all I remember . I really hope someone else out there remembers this too . If not , Maybe I 'm still crazy . But I 'm hoping I 'm not .
0 Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and , when he 's not directing a family film , a fine director . But , he really should n't have directed this movie , and the screenplay should 've been rejected . The director and writers must understand what the original TV show was really about , as well as who the characters were and how they worked . The original series had many episodes with razor - sharp writing using good dialogue and with situations that American producers would never consider using in children 's programming , much less a movie , which made the original series so well received by adults . I mean , the Tracys were college graduates and some of them did even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco ! And , there were characters who did get killed , although most were bad guys . If they had written it the way that it was originally done , which is n't dumbing things down with poor dialogue , kindergarten humor , and a weak plot , this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would n't have such bad reviews . < br /><br />This motion picture is almost pure blasphemy . If you 've seen the original Supermarionation series , then you 'll know what I 'm talking about ! < br /><br />The first thing that was out of place and annoying were the constant references to Ford Motor Company , even going so far that Lady Penelope was riding around in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird made up to look like FAB-1 instead of using what would 've been more appropriate considering Ms. Penelope 's station ( not to mention being more faithful to the original ) , a ROLLS - ROYCE FAB-1 . She 's supposed to be a distinguished member of British society , hence the preference for England 's finest make of motorcars in the original series . One other reviewer here indicated that Penelope would n't be caught dead in a Ford . He 's pretty much right in the context that the idea of her riding in a Ford does n't work . At least they could have had Penelope ride in a Jaguar made up like FAB 1 since Jaguar is a British car make that is owned by Ford , but NO ! They had to use a straight FORD ! But the Ford product placement does n't end there . EVERY single car you may see is a Ford ! Even the news flash that is shown on the TV sets in the movie were sponsored by Ford ! Ford , Ford , FORD ! The predominance of Ford vehicles makes this movie an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford . < br /><br />The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today . But , the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional . This kind of treatment did n't exist in the movie , where everything is stylized to excess , defeating the sense of functionality and practicality . A lot of things that were done in the design of the movie were done strictly for style , many times with no sense of function to give that style a sense of reason.<br /><br />The original series relied on good acting performances of the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets , bringing them to life in the episodes . The brilliant and lively music score by Barry Gray helped even further to connect the audience with the story , the characters , and how everything came together to help achieve the super objective ( a little bit of Stanislavski talk ) . The movie , on the other hand , had some overly grating performances . Anthony Edwards overplayed Brains to a fault , Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy just did n't work despite decent acting ( one of few ) , there were better choices for the Hood than Ben Kingsley , and many others that I do n't care to mention ( it would take too long ) . Quite simply , the puppets were more believable ! Second was the overly generic and underwhelming music score by Hans Zimmer , sounding more like a mix between " Days of Thunder " and " Apollo 13 . " < br /><br />And , of course , the Hood . The Hood in the original series had an ability to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact . But , that was where his extraordinary capability ended . He 's a master of disguise and deception , which allows him to sneak around undetected ( for the most part , anyways ) to gather information of the Thunderbirds vehicles for his own means . He also uses weapons for his own defense , including pistols , and generally collects information using a film camera , although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s United Artists release of " Thunderbird 6 " ( which was the last Thunderbirds show filmed in Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbirds theatrical release ) . But , while he is a nemesis of International Rescue , the Hood is n't the villain in every Thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Rescue . In the movie , he 's obviously the main villain , but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons , along with the Hood having extended mind control ability , including the ability to move objects and move himself into flight for brief periods of time . This totally deviates from the Hood as a character in the original series with one that may leave kids laughing and people familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust.<br /><br />There are more criticisms , but the 1000 word limit for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list all of them . So , I will close with the point being made that I did n't enjoy this movie . As a matter of fact , I think it sucks ! Having seen the original series and Supermarionation movies ( Thunderbirds Are Go , Thunderbird 6 ) , I was hoping for something a lot better than this.<br /><br />The original Supermarionation was a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce . ( And that 's saying it nicely . ) - Kip Wells
0 I 've always thought that most huge box - office flops usually have something to recommend them , but after the remake of Around the World in 80 Days and Thunderbirds , I 'm beginning to doubt it . For those not familiar , it 's based on a puppet show about a family of astronauts who use state of the art rockets , spaceships and subs to rescue people from various disasters ( falling bridges , stricken planes , burning buildings , etc ) each week . Well , the puppets are gone ( replaced by far more lifeless teenagers ) , and so is the premise - only one ineptly staged rescue and a plot shamelessly ripped off from Spy Kids without any signs of imagination , wit or entertainment . Young Alan Tracey feels left out of all the rescuing we never see the other Traceys do because dad wo n't let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exams . Grounded on a beautiful tropical island ( some punishment ! ) , his chance to shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identikit bleach - blondes who look like a gay neo - Nazi boy band without a single bit of characterisation between them - are stranded in space and he has to have the day by , er , running around the jungle , making a phone call , firing a hose at the inept comedy relief villains and dousing them in gunk for bad measure.<br /><br />The good points are few and far between . One of them is that the film is mostly in focus . The other is they all got to go to the Seychelles , which looks nice.<br /><br />The bad points : where to start ? Ben Kingsley 's career lowpoint performance ? The aforementioned inept comedy relief sidekicks who would disgrace the Children 's Film Foundation at its worst ? The almost complete lack of action or effects in a $ 70 m sci - fi film ? The terrible script , the lifeless direction , the odious moralising ? But most of all is the fact that the film is so patronising in every possible way . Forget the life lessons and off the peg sentiment , this is a movie aimed straight at the under - eights by people who know they 're making a kid 's movie and are constantly talking down to their intended audience , throwing in fifth - rate jokes and routines that would insult most children who had only recently mastered the art of speech . This film could replace being sent to bed early without their dinner as parents ' favourite punishment for kids.<br /><br />The biggest flop in British film history ( it did n't even cover the cost of prints and marketing ) , it 's just about watchable if only as an object lesson in how NOT to make a summer movie .
0 The basic formula for the original series was ; take someone , get the audience to like them , then put them into Mortal danger . This formula worked for the 32 episodes made between 1964 - 68 . < br /><br />Now , we jump forward 40 years to 2004 .. We are introduced to Alan Tracy , a somewhat less - than - diligent college school kid , with his friend , Fermat , a young know - it - all . They are whisked off by Lady Penelope in her pink Ford Thunderbird to the island paradise where the Tracy Family live , for the school holidays . Almost immediately , they are left in the care of Kyrano and his daughter , Tin - Tin whilst the adults go to rescue John from Thunderbird 5 which has been damaged by a staged accident . This is all part of The Hood 's scheme to take over Tracy Island so that he can steal the Thunderbird machines ... < br /><br / >  To rob a bank!<br /><br />Yes . The plot IS as limp as that!<br /><br />The dialogue is banal , the acting more wooden than that of the ( fibreglass ) puppets , the effects , anything but special and Hans Zimmer 's score  ? What little there was of Barry Gray 's glorious theme shone through Zimmer 's lackluster orchestration . The rest of the score was eminently forgettable . In fact , part of the score was broadcast the following week on the radio and did n't recognise it ! I did n't even bother to stay to witness Busted 's mediocre efforts with the end titles < br /><br />To be fair , Ron Cook worked quite well as Parker , he and Sophia Myles as Penelope seemed wasted . With the right material , they could have been show stoppers . The CGI work was what I would have called leading edge - 5 years ago.<br /><br />The Dynamics of the main craft were just wrong ; The original series models at least moved as if they had mass < br /><br />Another sore point is that the whole production seemed to be one long set of product placements , from every vehicle being built by Ford to the entire content of the Tracy Freezer being produced by Ben & Jerry's.<br /><br />My son ( 9 ) enjoyed the film but this cross between Spy Kids and ' Clockstoppers ' , aimed squarely at his age group , added nothing to the Thunderbirds legend . When Star Trek hit the big screen in 1979 with ' The Motion Picture ' , a whole new lease of life was breathed into the franchise which then continued for another 20 years or so . With this film , Frakes has missed a golden opportunity to do the same with the Thunderbirds franchise.<br /><br />I predict that this film , like ' The Avengers ' and ' the Saint ' before it , will sink into obscurity within 6 months , leaving the original series to its ' classic ' status .
0 ' Thunderbirds ' was an immensely popular Sixties show that has transcended the years and generations to the point it is still as popular now , with both adults and children alike , as it was in its heyday . So , one would deduce the chance to produce a live - action feature film with a million pound Hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as has been done with ' Spider - Man ' and ' The X - Men ' . But a terrible storyline and bland acting obliterated this opportunity and it was soon apparent all that was destined for this film was a trip to the bargain bin of the kiddies ' section.<br /><br />Instead of a film focusing on the five Tracey sons , their father and trusty geek Brain striving to rescue people and protect the world from villains , our hero in this drudge is a malcontent and bratty thirteen - year - old Alan Tracey , fourteen - year - old Tin - tin and ten - year - old brain - box Fermat , son of Brains ( yes , Brains ' son despite this being a man who could surely never score a woman if he tried ; maybe he grew the kid in a petri dish ) . As one can tell from a run - through of our three lead characters , this 2004 remake ' Thunderbirds ' was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under twelve instead of trying to appeal to a broad age - range as those involved in the much superior revival of ' Spider - Man ' did . The plot itself was so bland with clunky , awkward dialogue and weak jokes that probably would n't amuse brighter pre - teens . The scriptwriter seemed more interested in ripping off ' Spy Kids ' ( which was at least quirky and original ) instead of remaking the show people know and love.<br /><br />Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker , they only had about three lines between them so their presence was barely felt . Bill Paxton 's Jeff Tracey was just boring and there was only the slightest of mention of the other four Tracey boys while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley , as Brains and the Hood respectively , were just embarrassing . The Hood , in particular , is not at all threatening or sinister and instead comes across as a campy , two - bit stereotypical villain as limp as a piece of rotting lettuce.<br /><br />Brady Corbet , who plays Alan Tracey , may well be a good young actor but it was hard to see that in a film where he plays a whinging brat who just grates and the same goes for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin - tin since the most she gets to do is look pretty and be all for ' Girl Power ' . Ironically , it is young Soren Fulton 's Fermat who is the only interesting character of the film as Fulton delivers a natural and relaxed performance.<br /><br />'Thunderbirds ' the series will be forever remembered as an excellent show that proves puppets can give solid performances ! ' Thunderbirds ' the film will be forgotten by most and remembered by a few as one big flop .
0 Thunderbirds ( 2004 ) < br /><br />Director : Jonathan Frakes < br /><br />Starring : Bill Paxton , Ben Kingsley , Brady Corbet < br /><br />5  4  3  2  1 ! Thunderbirds are GO ! < br /><br />And so began Thunderbirds , a childhood favorite of mine . When I heard that they were going to make a Thunderbirds movie , I was ecstatic . I could n't wait to see Thunderbird 2 roar in to save people , while Thunderbird 4 would dive deep into the  you get the idea . I just could n't wait . Then came August 2004 , when the movie was finally released . Critics panned it , but I still wanted to go . After all , as long as the heart was in the same place , that was all that mattered to me . So I sat down in the theater , the only teenager in a crowd of 50  everyone else was over thirty and under ten . Quite possibly the most awkward theater experience that I have ever had   < br /><br />The movie ( which is intended to be a prequel ) focuses on Alan Tracy ( Brady Corbet ) , the youngest of the Tracy family . He spends his days wishing that he could be rescuing people like the rest of his family , but he 's too young . One day , he finally gets his chance when The Hood ( Ben Kingsley ) traps the rest of his family up on Thunderbird 5 ( the space station ) . This involves him having to outsmart The Hood 's henchmen and rescue his family in time before The Hood can steal all of the money from the Bank of England.<br /><br />Trust me , the plot sounds like a regular episode of Thunderbirds when you read it on paper . Once it gets put on to film  what a mess we have on our hands . First off , the film was intended for children , much like the original show was . However , Gerry Anderson treated us like adults , and gave us plots that were fairly advanced for children 's programming . This on the other hand , dumbs down the plot as it tries to make itself a ripoff of the Spy Kids franchise . The final product is a movie that tries to appeal to fans of the Thunderbirds series and children , while missing both entirely . Lame jokes , cartoonish sounds , and stupid antics that no one really finds amusing are all over this movie , and I 'm sure that Jonathan Frakes is wishing he 'd never directed this.<br /><br />Over all , everyone gave a solid performance , considering the script that they were all given . Ben Kingsley was exceptional as The Hood , playing the part extremely well . My only complaint about the characters is about The Hood 's henchmen , who are reduced to leftovers from old Looney Tunes cartoons , bumbling about as , amazingly enough , the kids take them on with ease.<br /><br />What 's odd about this movie is that while I was watching the movie , I had fun . But once the lights went up , I realized that the movie was fairly bad , I was $ 8 lighter , and two hours of my time were now gone . A guilty pleasure ? Perhaps . Nonetheless , Thunderbirds is a forgettable mess . Instead of a big " go " , I 'm going to have to recommend that you stay away from this movie . If the rest of movie could have been like the first ten minutes of it , it would have been an incredible film worthy of the Thunderbirds name . However , we get a movie that only die - hard Thunderbirds fans ( if you 'd like to watch your childhood torn to pieces ) or the extremely bored should bother with.<br /><br />My rating for Thunderbirds is 1 ½ stars .
0 This is a truly awful film . What they have done is taken a TV show , which was never aimed at young children & given it the George Lucas treatment ( i.e. ruined it by kiddifying it to appeal to the younger audience).<br /><br />OK so the Thunderbirds TV show was n't exactly the most cerebral of shows , in fact it was pretty formulaic , but it was always enjoyable to watch ( especially when the models got blown up ) and the voice cast was n't too bad.<br /><br />This suffers from bad casting & bad acting ( with the notable exceptions of Sophia Myles as Lady Penelope & Ron Cook as Parker , who seem to be the only cast members to have a clue about how their characters should be played ) & after this travesty I would n't let Frakes direct traffic.<br /><br />The whole point of Thunderbirds was that it was about the whole Tracy family & how they worked as a team , preventing disasters or coming to the rescue of those involved in disasters.<br /><br />Avoid this rubbish like the plague.<br /><br />I only give it 1 out of 10 because a zero rating is not supported .
0 OK .. this movie could have been soooo good ! All generations have been exposed to Thunderbirds and have come to love it and this film had some of the features one would look for in a good thunderbirds movie . The craft themselves and Tracey Island were realistically transferred to the big screen , whilst still keeping to the designs we fell in love with . Sophia Miles was , simply , fantastic , as Lady P and Bill Paxton , whilst not exactly who I envisaged Jeff Tracey being , was solid enough ... but then the adults were taken out of the equation and we were asked to believe 8 year olds could fly 200 tonne machines.<br /><br />It 's not so much the fact that the movie was centred around the children that made me feel like Jonathon Frakes was slapping me with a wet fish and laughing at my hard earned money spent on the film , it was the fact that Alan Tracey was so obnoxious in the film and that he seemed to be as able to fly the machines as well as his brothers ... who were at least 19/20 . Seriously , these are some pretty damn simple machines to use if this is the case.<br /><br />The film did n't seem to know whether it wanted to be serious or farcical . It tried to pay homage whilst satirising and it just generally fell flat on its face . 3/10 ( 2 for the machines , 1 for Lady P )
0 I grew up ( b. 1965 ) watching and loving the Thunderbirds . All my mates at school watched . We played " Thunderbirds " before school , during lunch and after school . We all wanted to be Virgil or Scott . No one wanted to be Alan . Counting down from 5 became an art form . I took my children to see the movie hoping they would get a glimpse of what I loved as a child . How bitterly disappointing . The only high point was the snappy theme tune . Not that it could compare with the original score of the Thunderbirds . Thankfully early Saturday mornings one television channel still plays reruns of the series Gerry Anderson and his wife created . Jonatha Frakes should hand in his directors chair , his version was completely hopeless . A waste of film . Utter rubbish . A CGI remake may be acceptable but replacing marionettes with Homo sapiens subsp . sapiens was a huge error of judgment .
0 The most embarrassing moment in this film is when Brady Corbet says ' You 've blossomed ' , near the end the film . I practically died . I 'm still not really sure why the screenwriters put that line in there . Was it supposed to create romance ? Because it nearly made me sick . < br /><br />The rest of the script was almost as bad.<br /><br />I've never liked the original Thunderbirds , but a Thunderbirds movie had the potential to do so much . This movie does n't . If it did n't have the big draw card of the Thunderbirds brand , it would have been shafted straight to TV , or canned in the post - production . Maybe even before . < br /><br />Like I said , the best thing about the movie is when the credits roll up and they play Busted 's song ' Thunderbirds are go ' . I ca n't believe I wasted $ 7 watching this through pay - per - view .
0 ba ba ba boring ...... this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness . genie francis ( aka general hospital 's laura ) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad .... there is ben kingsley ( an academy award winning actor ) in this stinker and a few others decent actors . You have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie . The music dramatically goes up and down like it 's a major dramatic story . Even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow . The effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated . All of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue . I could go on and on on how this is a bad movie . At least with Battlefield Earth it 's so bad it 's funny but this is just b o r i n g. Avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep .
0 I still have n't gotten to see all of this ; it 's running on cable right now , and I seem to keep coming in on the middle of it . My main reason for being interested in it is that I 'm a Bill Paxton fan ; he 's a pretty good actor , and has turned in consistently good work over the course of his career.<br /><br />The other thing is that , while never really a fan of the old series , I kinda liked Thunderbirds for the ships and effect work . Derek Meddings was quite possibly the best in the business during the sixties and seventies , and his designs for the International Rescue craft are wonderful . The current team has done a fine job of translating his work to the big screen.<br /><br />BUT ... <br /><br />This is one lame story . The kids are asked to drive it , and while they do an okay job , it 's hard to suspend your disbelief , especially when you have Brains ' eight - year - old son flying T2 , an enormous multi - ton transport with all the aerodynamics of a Buick . Everywhere you look , you see a Ford logo . Product placement is way over the top here , and it 's annoying . Ben Kingsley does an good job as The Hood , but he can only do so much with a one - dimensional role . If you can accept the film on its very slim merits , Thunderbirds is a fun , enjoyable ride . Just do n't look too closely at the machinery that drives it.<br /><br />ADDENDUM : I finally got to see all of this , and it 's worse than I thought . The acting is fairly uniformly poor , and while the effects are fairly good , the story on multiple viewings has gotten cheesier . The overdone product placement for Ford is annoying , and the kids as central characters grate on my remaining nerves . As with The Avengers , if you ignore the source material , it 's bearable . But not very . Watch the original show , and you 'll see what I mean.<br /><br />And a word of advice to Jon Frakes . Take a refresher course at the Director 's Guild . You can do better than this , old friend.<br /><br />Another footnote ... <br /><br />I saw this again . Last night . On Telemundo . Dubbed in Spanish , with cheesy comedy sound effects . And yes , I came in roughly in the middle , with Ben , Ron and Sophia in their fight scene on Tracy Island . < br /><br />I did n't think it was possible for an already lame movie to be worse , but it was . It was embarrassingly bad . < br /><br />If this had been done straight , no kids - to - the - rescue , no tongue - in - cheek jokes , it might have worked . As it is , it 's just another beloved childhood joy that 's been ruined .
0 wow i payed £ 3.50 to go see this movie at the cinema . Ca nt believe i wasted my time . The acting is cringe worthy at best and the special effects are crude . Probarly the worst script in history some extremely embarrassing quotes i have ever heard in my life . I swear to god ' swept away ' is better than this . Madonna should of won and Oscar compared to these guys . An hour and a half of my life i want back . Honestly people do n't see this , even toddler would find this movie an insult to their intelligence . i found this movie very strange in the fact that it was hard to tell who is more wooden , theses guys here of the actual puppets . pleas guys do n't waste your time on this movie you will live to regret it .
0 The original Thunderbirds earned a place in TV history . It was , and still is , much beloved - indeed , the entire first 10 minutes of the Wallace and Gromit movie ( the Wererabbit ) is a direct lift of Thunderbirds , down to a direct replay of the original Thunderbird 2 launching sequence ( if you do n't believe me , get the movie , and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 is launched).<br /><br />This movie was a crass attempt at making a kids ' movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by kids and adults alike ! In the original , the Thunderbirds spent all of their time rescuing people who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology went horrible wrong ( yes , there was also the occasional criminal act ) . The Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk for no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness . There was little physical violence . The Thunderbirds challenged the imagination to a degree - how many of us would dream of someday building a Thunderbird 2 ? And do n't underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese attribute their fascination with humanoid robots to the old Astroboy cartoon.<br /><br />But this movie was a poor re - image of the original . This movie came across as a meld between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I mean , we have Anthony Edwards as Brain imitating Porky Pig 's stuttering ? ? ? ? ? Much of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type fighting . Indeed , there were funny sound effects when someone got nailed on the head with a frying pan . The tech that fired our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around , using a plot device that was NEVER in the original series ( having the entire team take off at once , leaving the base occupied by the kids and Brain ) . Then there was a dose of " Use the Force Luke " mysticism thrown in when TinTin would levitate something or another , coupled with the The Hood using aerodynamics that looked like they were lifted from " Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon " . About the only thing missing was for The Hood to go " TinTin , I am your Uncle " with a breath mask voice . The heart that made Thunderbirds unique was GONE.<br /><br />The only bright point was Ron Cook 's portrayal of Parker - he caught it perfectly . But the actress playing Lady Penelope came across as a child - HUH ? ? ? ? < br /><br />And this is why we hate this movie . When someone puts out something that was popular to a fan base , and expects the fans to shell out money to watch , and then delivers something than was n't even close to what the fans expect - well , I am sorry , that is just plain WRONG ! OK , so if they were making a kids ' movie - fine - next time distribute it straight to video , where many of these belong . But do n't package something up in a familiar wrapper and change the innards .
0 I really did n't like this film . The plot was very predictable . Typical American plot , I 'm sorry . Guy gets the girl kind of thing at the end . And London has a Monorail ? Bank of London ? ? ? Bank of England is what it really is ! ! - I did however like the look of Tracy Island and the Thunderbirds themselves . And the Brits were baddies ? ( apart from Parker and Lady Penelope ) What was up with that ? Oh and they kept on saying stuff like " Here come ' The Thunderbirds ' " - but it was never known as ' The Thunderbirds ' in the series , why do that ? ? I 'd like to see this re - made in 20 years with more British cast . I preferred the original series . Sorry !
0 To say that Thunderbirds is a horrid , forced , in - your - face , ugly looking , nasty to listen to and painful to watch film would n't be saying enough . There are only two reasons I can think of why you 'd watch this film : 1 ; you 've seen Thunderbirds when you were young ( like I did ) and are curious as to what it is like but you will really only be watching to find out how badly they screwed things up . Or , 2 ; you 're seeing it with someone under ten years old.<br /><br />Thunderbirds manages to cock up everything it attempts . The list goes on and on but there are other more subtle , humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it . From the off , Thunderbirds is wrong , wrong , wrong . The whole moral message and ' goal ' is set up in an excruciating way : Jeff Tracy ( A new low for Bill Paxton ) tells his youngest son Alan he 's not yet proved himself to be a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down into Tracy Island 's bowels to fire up Thunderbird One . The whole film is then a series of events and miss - fires consisting of Alan trying to prove himself whilst his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard Thunderbird five.<br /><br />The film relies on kid actors to carry the film : A 16 year old Alan Tracy ( Corbet ) , a 16 year old Tin Tin ( Hudgens ) and a 14 year old Fermat ( Fulton ) who is Brains ' son . To say that watching the ' adventures ' they get up to is painful is an understatement . Frequently trying to act and utilise the script whilst combating the evil ' Hood ' ( Kingsley ) in ridiculously unfunny and hammy ways acts as the entertainment for the duration of the film ; it only differs when everyone 's in a different location . Also , the whole ' mind control ' thing was very tiresome and basically dragged the film down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in The Hood  forced and incidental.<br /><br />I know that most ' film 's for kids ' these days try to integrate some sort of material for adults but in Thunderbirds it 's done in a way that fetishises Lady Penelope . Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it 's no coincidence she 's a little older than the rest of the kids  at 24 years old , it 's almost too good to be true . Her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic push . We see her in the bath , bubbles up to her neck watching TV ; in comes her butler and sneaks a peek as she seductively changes channels with her wet , bare and bubble covered foot . Frequent shots of her massive , bright pink high heeled shoes filling the screen during various scenes : This first happens when she is actually tied up with the second happening during a fist fight with another woman ! Twinned with this , her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough yet cover just enough are particularly outstanding as is the way she moves and talks with that posh , dominant , English accent ; sounding like a commanding mistress ( Well , she is LADY Penelope after all  and you 'd better make sure call her that ) The whole thing is laughable but the editing is so quick that the kids wo n't notice but it sure as hell is there.<br /><br />The actual plot of The Hood doing all that he does just to rob a few banks is very bizarre , the characters that are his bodyguards : a geeky looking woman and hard bodied black man who gets agitated a lot . Are we supposed to be laughing at this ? What about the fight scenes ? Poorly choreographed stunts and what the hell was with the silly noises ? It 's utterly , utterly laughable.<br /><br />The list goes on . The way Bill Paxton plays it all so seriously , like he was told they were doing it one way but it was made another , the way Ford motor company have their logo slapped all over the place . News bulletin : sponsored by Ford , the camera even moves to endorse Ford several times when cars are in shot , the way the CGI looks like something out of a computer game video clip  it 's infuriating . The fact we are told to believe that a 16 year old girl can swim in the freezing Thames , against the current , rescue a downed monorail ( monorail over the Thames ! ? ) , get back to the hatch and thus ; save the day all the time holding her breath . It is absolute bull and the makers know it  I do n't even know if a 10 year old would swallow it.<br /><br />In short : avoid , avoid , avoid . Thunderbirds is infuriating , unfunny , poorly scripted and even the Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car  everything that could go wrong , did go wrong .
0 This film is just a kids against evil genre . Thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it , but are almost incidental in use . The fact that the action takes place on Tracy Island is just a ploy to pull in the public . It was interesting to note what the film makers view of future London will be and how the World all fits together.<br /><br />The best part of this film are some of the lines delivered by Lady Penelope which are highly comical . These provided some light relief for those expecting a rerun of the TV series.<br /><br />Having said that it passes 90 or so minutes in a ' fun ' way and so may just be worth watching .
0 I was one of those " few Americans " that grew up with all of Gerry Andersen 's marvelous creations . Thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action / adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.<br /><br />I expected it to be a romp , but I did not expect it to aim at such a low age group . Like Lost in Space , this could have been both visually stunning and exciting . It should have focused on more action / adventure and the goal of the original series ... saving people in trouble.<br /><br />Instead , it focused on Alan saving the day instead of his brothers ( who were cast too young anyway vs. the original ) . The breakout part was Lady Penelope and Parker . I did n't care too much for the characters in the original , but I was grateful for them in the movie . They stole the show!<br /><br />I always enjoyed Thunderbirds more for the high - tech than the stories , and even that did not get enough screen time as far as I was concerned . I would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.<br /><br />But then , I 'm just a big kid ... ;)
0 I was one of those " few Americans " that grew up with all of Gerry Andersen 's marvelous creations . Thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action / adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.<br /><br />I expected it to be a romp , but I did not expect it to aim at such a low age group . Like Lost in Space , this could have been both visually stunning and exciting . It should have focused on more action / adventure and the goal of the original series ... saving people in trouble.<br /><br />Instead , it focused on Alan saving the day instead of his brothers ( who were cast too young anyway vs. the original ) . The breakout part was Lady Penelope and Parker . I did n't care too much for the characters in the original , but I was grateful for them in the movie . They stole the show!<br /><br />I always enjoyed Thunderbirds more for the high - tech than the stories , and even that did not get enough screen time as far as I was concerned . I would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.<br /><br />But then , I 'm just a big kid ... ;)
0 I am very sorry to say this but " Thunderbirds " does not even come up with a loud pop , never mind any thunder . At one stage I gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema , I stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve . I was to be disappointed , it did not get any better , it got worse if that is at all possible . Had I gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a " spoof " I would still have been let down . They had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here , they have totally wasted that opportunity . Bill Paxton and Sir Ben Kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and Jonathan Frakes well what can I say , he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth . I saw this film at a pre - release showing , I had been waiting to see it most eagerly , having grown up in the sixties with the original shows . To say I was disappointed would be something of an understatement . One final thing I will say about the film was the puppets in the TV shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film .
0 I just saw this movie ( mainly because Brady Corbet is in it ) , and I must say that I was not pleased . < br /><br />Of course , the computer graphics were amazing , but the story line needed a little touch - up . Also , I think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood , as well if it were rated PG-13 . < br /><br />That would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens . What would also attract more teens ( particularly teen girls ) , would be a large close up of Brady Corbet on the Thunderbirds poster ! < br /><br />Even though the movie had it 's down points , I still saw it and thought it was okay !
0 There 's a group of Fox TV executives sitting around a boardroom table wondering what new show to commission . < br /><br />'How about aiming for something like 24 or The West Wing ? ' says one of them , but they all agree it would be too expensive , and cheap TV is less likely to harm the station if it flops . < br /><br />'Well , how about getting together some great comedy writers and doing a quality sitcom ? ' offers another and is fired on the spot . ' Do n't you know good writers cost lots of money ! ' the big chief barks . ' That 's why we invented reality TV.'<br /><br />'We could do yet another crime drama ... ' suggests a man in a bland suit . ' I 'm listening ... ' the boss replies , suddenly interested . ' People like CSI , so let 's do another copy of that , ' Blandman adds.<br /><br />'But there are already far too many CSI clones out there , what can we do to make ours stand out ? ' a naive junior enquires and is sacked instantly . ' Stand out ! If we do that people may be confused ! Let 's give them more of what they already like ! ' the big chief screams . < br /><br />'Let 's just add more violence and make it really grisly , we are Fox after all , ' another suit suggests to a hearty reply of ' now you 're getting it ' , from the big chief . ' We could make them the Deviant Crimes Unit , ' he goes on to add , clearly on a roll . < br /><br />'By Jove , he 's got it ! ' the big chief laughs , ' and the victims could be beautiful and vulnerable women who wear very little on screen . ' ' Well that would certainly distract people from the average acting and poor scripts , ' Blandman points out . < br /><br />'Then it 's settled , we just need a name , ' the big chief announces . ' We could call it Sex Cops Violence ? ' < br /><br />'Too literal , how about Killer Instinct  it conveys violence , but sounds a bit like Basic Instinct which had lots of sex . ' < br /><br />'Puuurfect ' , the big chief replies and then they all slap each other on the back and go and cancel Arrested Development .
0 Pokemon 3 is little more than three or four episodes of the TV series , strung together without the usual commercials . The story is typical of Pokemon ( conflict , fighting , and a resolution where all are happy in the end ) , and there is nothing original or unusual in the animation . Some of the holes in the plot are filled in ( over the closing credits ! ) without explanation , and everything is just a bit too sweet.<br /><br />Why see it on the big screen ? The only reason is to be a part of your child 's world . Both of my sons enjoy Pokemon , and by my showing an interest in what they like , we are closer . Seeing a film in a theatre is still different than seeing it on the tube , and my sons enjoy the full movie - going experience . I gave the movie a 4 , mostly from my children 's point of view.<br /><br / >
0 This third Pokemon movie is too abstract for younger kids to follow and too repetitious to entertain older kids . The message of the film-- about dealing with loss-- is subverted by the return of the young girl 's father during the film 's credits . Team Rocket provide some amusement , but they 're not really part of the small plot , so they do n't appear very often .
0 Wow . I do n't even really remember that much about this movie , except that it stunk.<br /><br />The plot 's basically ; a girl 's parents neglect her , so this sicko PokeMon pretends to be her dad . Am I the only one disturbed by that ? Then , this weirdo PokeMon kidnaps Ash 's mom to pretend to be the girl 's . I do n't care if he was trying to make the girl happy , that 's just gross.<br /><br />There was no real plot . The girl was just a whiny brat who wanted things her own way . She played with Unowns , was the " daughter " of Entei and apparently could grow and shrink in age on a whim with the help of her " dad".<br /><br />That 's pretty much all I can remember , but I think you can take it as a hint , and not see it . ( Or if you do see it , do n't expect much . ) 1 out of 10.<br /><br />Seriously . If you want a PokeMon movie , rent " PokeMon ; the First Movie " .
0 The rumor is true : girls like COYOTE UGLY more than guys . And the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given . Jersey girl goes to New York to become a song writer . And after initial frustration of having no luck , overhears some girls partying about the $ 300 each they made last night . She gets an audition at the bar they work at and surprise ! The place is completely full of " two year old toddlers " bursting at the sight of babes dancing.<br /><br />The story is not bad and some characters are likeable , especially Cammie ( the " fashion coordinator " part was cute ) and the bouncer but let 's face it , the drama was horrible and completely laughable from the beginning . Violet and her father looked far too ridiculous while they were relating throughout the movie . And check out Violet too jamming on that keyboard with the break dancer!<br /><br />For the first time I could think of , how could the production be so terrible ? For a brief moment with this movie , Hollywood could stand on its two feet and show a new low without any major public outcry without saying , " You were warned ! " Instead , it seems COYOTE UGLY has a purposeful intent on trying to kiss every major rear in the world . Advertising babes in a bar , but showing a paper thin " pursue your dream " story disappointed every male teen you targeted!<br /><br />And finally , the music . There was absolutely no break of music I found in this movie , especially when it was needed ( the hospital scene ) . Every scene felt like some short music video you just wish would stop until the bar opened . But the climax was an ultimate laugher : an ' 80s like song you would expect Cyndi Lauper to jump on the stage and jam with Violet . Heck , I personally thought Bon Jovi was going to jump out with the long hair and jam too!<br /><br />Other than some really smart camera work with the coyote girls when dancing ( especially the wet scene ) , and a couple cute cliches , COYOTE UGLY is something to be purely embarrassed about . Whether you watched or made it , it looked like nothing but time killing . Or wasting depending on how you look at it .
0 I never wanted to see this film , then one day , for a joke I watched it to see how bad it was ; my preconceptions were confirmed.<br /><br />For starters I 'd like to question the politics of the film . It hides behind of mask of women ' making it big in the city ' but the only way that women can make it big is through using their sexuality rather than their intelligence or skills . These women are nothing more the whores . Are slightly less attractive girls not allowed to be successful ? This is not the only right wing message of the film , there are hundreds of shots of American flags and huge wads of cash . A fine example of how the only powerful thing in America is capitalism and anything of spiritual , moral or artistic value is not even given a look in of this film . Money is depicted as the only important thing to young people.<br /><br />The manageress of the bar states that she does not allow drug users in her bar , and then she goes on to poor gallons of hard liquor down her own neck and then the necks of her staff and customers . Any one who knows anything about intoxicants will know that liquor can be just as dangerous as heroin and more dangerous than most illegal drugs.<br /><br />And finally , why are scenes in which the lead character is a point of sexual interest to the audience ( when she is getting undressed or with her boyfriend ) is her father always involved ? We watch get her undressed with the camera virtually caressing her legs while she is one the phone to her father . She ' auctions ' her father just as she ' auctions ' her boyfriend . I find this most strange.<br /><br />In conclusion , this film is immoral , fascistic , degrading to women and frankly , disturbing . But what else do you expect from Jerry Bruckhiemer ?
0 Let me start off by saying that this does n't seem or feel like a movie . It seems like just another TV show about popular girls and boys with no real film language top back it up.<br /><br />The camera angles are so straight forward that the story is told the simplest way possible never making the public connect with it . This film takes us to where no movie I 've seen has done before : to a realm where the Film Theater becomes a warm medium giving the public every element of interpretation . Too obvious . The large movie screen is only used as an enlarged TV from where we can see every attribute of these women in a larger than life manner.<br /><br />Lately it seems that young directors are compromising the Art of film making for sales . This is very scary . The industry is spoiling the art in movies . We must educate ourselves and our children about what cinematography and its language are really about . Not just sales and entertainment , but a way to communicate feelings , passions and even culture . Not as a launching platform for young divas and jocks .
0 This movie is another fine example of what Jerry Bruckheimer , since about 1997 , seems to be best at -- hyping up a movie a year before its release and not coming through with a quality movie . I 'm no film critic , but this movie was as predictable as they come . Every attempt at a joke , every attempt at a touching moment , and the pitiful attempt at a love story , was exactly what I was predicting in my mind . Do yourself a favor and save your money on this one .
0 What a disappointment ! Piper Perabo is adorable , Tyra Banks is beautiful but pitiful as an actor and the talented and beautiful Maria Bello is wasted ! Bello must have been embarrassed by some of the lines ! The plot , script and premise is a joke!<br /><br />I'm not against silly movies , I think that Something About Mary is a masterpiece , but Coyote Ugly is a waste of 90 minutes ........
0 I was talked into watching this movie by a friend who blubbered on about what a cute story this was.<br /><br />Yuck.<br /><br />I want my two hours back , as I could have done SO many more productive things with my time ... like , for instance , twiddling my thumbs . I see nothing redeeming about this film at all , save for the eye - candy aspect of it ... <br /><br />3/10 ( and that 's being generous )
0 Coyote Ugly might have been much more effective if the film - makers had made it an R - rated guilty pleasure / exploitation film ( with plenty of nudity . ) But since the PG-13 rating is what all the studios are wanting these days , we end up with a movie like this : a PG-13 " tease " flick that is n't allowed to go nowhere near as far as the movie should have gone.<br /><br />The script is go generic that it is easy to guess what plot point is going to occur 15 minutes before it actually happens . The acting is adequate , but the characters are so paper - thin that nothing could be done with them . There were also a lot of points where it seemed like I was watching a music - video rather than a movie.<br /><br />The film 's only assets are the amazingly beautiful female leads . We get to see them in some extremely tight and pretty revealing outfits ..... but only so much could be shown due to the PG-13 constraints . There 's plenty of cleavage and toned , heaving bodies doing some well - choreographed dance numbers , but there 's no nudity or sex to speak of . Tyra Banks ( she keeps getting even more insanely beautiful with age ) is also in the movie for a very small amount of time . Sexy newcomer Piper Perabo is also very easy on the eyes ( and she has a killer smile ) and shows some genuine acting potential.<br /><br />The only people I could see this movie appealing to is pre - pubescent boys who are n't allowed to watch R - rated movies yet . That audience might get a lot out of it from a titillation aspect , but adult audiences will feel annoyed and cheated.<br /><br />Rating : the movie-1 the women-10
0 * * * SPOILER * * * Do not read this , if you think about watching that movie , although it would be a waste of time . ( By the way : The plot is so predictable that it does not make any difference if you read this or not anyway)<br /><br />If you are wondering whether to see " Coyote Ugly " or not : do n't ! It 's not worth either the money for the ticket or the VHS / DVD . A typical " Chick - Feel - Good - Flick " , one could say . The plot itself is as shallow as it can be , a ridiculous and uncritical version of the American Dream . The young good - looking girl from a small town becoming a big success in New York . The few desperate attempts of giving the movie any depth fail , such as the " tragic " accident of the father , the " difficulties " of Violet 's relationship with her boyfriend , and so on . McNally ( Director ) tries to arouse the audience 's pity and sadness put does not have any chance to succeed in this attempt due to the bad script and the shallow acting . Especially Piper Perabo completely fails in convincing one of " Jersey 's " fear of singing in front of an audience . The only good ( and quite funny thing ) about " Coyote Ugly " is John Goodman , who represents the small ray of hope of this movie.<br /><br />I was very astonished , that Jerry Bruckheimer produced this movie . First " Gone In 60 Seconds " and now this ... what happened to great movies like " The Rock " and " Con Air " ? THAT was true Bruckheimer stuff.<br /><br />If you are looking for a superficial movie with good looking women just to have a relaxed evening , you should better go and see " Charlie 's Angels " ( it 's much more funny , entertaining and self - ironic ) instead of this flick.<br /><br />Two thumbs down ( 3 out of 10 ) .
0 If this movie were more about Piper Perabo 's character and less about the bar , this might have been halfway decent . Piper 's Violet Stanford and Karen Friendly ( Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle ) both have a virgin kindegarden teacher quality to them that 's endearing . Here 's hoping she 'll find a better movie to be in .
0 Just think , it cost a total of $ 250,000 to make " Clerks " . How the hell did they spend $ 45 Million to make this glorified music video ? A practically unknown cast , two or three sets , no special effects that I could see ... I know , it must have been spent on that expertly crafted , economical , tension filled screenplay . Shoot , that bar set must have cost a bundle . Anyway , I guess Jerry Bruckheimer would n't be caught dead producing anything for less . I 'm just surprised he did n't blow up anything.<br /><br />Anyway , it was n't an awful film I guess . The female leads seemed to have some good chemistry and the soundtrack was OK . IMO It just seems a pity that this rather mediocre project could have been made for $ 5 Million without any loss to the production , and 6 more $ 5 million dollar indy films of merit could have been made as well .
0 wow ! i watched the trailer for this one and though ' nah , this one is not for me ' . i watched my husband and our friend 's faces during the trailer , and knew this was a ' boy movie ' . i mean , hallo ! a bunch of chick barmaids that dance - another striptease?<br /><br />then , i started watching it , it did n't look all that bad . so i carried on watching . i watched it right to the end . what an awesome movie . if anything , this is a chick - flick . these girls have attitude . it is really a feel - good movie , and a bit of a love story . really leaves you with a nice feeling.<br /><br />basically , the story of a small - town girl making it big in the city , after going through the usual big - city c**p . there have been a couple of these , it is almost a new urban legend . but it also makes you think of your life , and what you have achieved . well , me anyway . i think it is because the whole working in a bar scenario is very familiar , not just for me , but for many people i know . Do n't trust the trailers for this one - it is aimed at bringing the men in .
0 In 1454 , in France , the sorcerer Alaric de Marnac ( Paul Naschy ) is decapitated and his mistress Mabille De Lancré ( Helga Liné ) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft , vampirism and lycanthropy . Before they die , they curse the next generations of their executioners . In the present days ( in the 70 's ) , Hugo de Marnac ( Paul Naschy ) and Sylvia ( Betsabé Ruiz ) and their friends Maurice Roland ( Vic Winner ) and his beloved Paula ( Cristina Suriani ) go to a séance session , where they evoke the spirit of Alaric de Marnac . They decide to travel to the Villas de Sade , a real estate of Hugo 's family in the countryside , to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure . They find Alaric 's head and the fiend possesses them , bringing Mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices . After the death of her father , Elvira ( Emma Cohen ) recalls that he has the Thor 's Hammer amulet hidden in a well ; together with Maurice , they try to defeat the demoniac Alaric de Marnac and Mabille.<br /><br />Last weekend I bought a box of horror genre with five DVDs of Paul Naschy per US$ 9.98 ; despite of having no references , I decided to take the chance . The first DVD with the uncut and restored version " Horror Rises from the Tomb " is a trash B ( or C ) movie that immediately made me recall Ed Wood . The ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay , direction , performances , cinematography , decoration , special effects and edition and with lots of naked women . The result is simply hilarious and I can guarantee that Ed Wood 's style is back . My vote is three.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : Not Available
0 The version of this film I saw was titled ' Horror Rises from the Tomb ' . The horror in question is a wicked Medieval magician played by Spanish horror legend Paul Naschy looking like he 's playing Abanazer in a church hall panto . He rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant ( I think he 's a descendant , as he 's also played by Naschy)returns to his ancestral home and reunites the magician 's head and body , which had been separated by by the witchfinders who executed him , in an attempt to stop him , er , rising from the tomb.<br /><br />Obviously , once head and body are back together all hell breaks loose and lots of people die . Like all good magicians , Abanazer here has a lovely assistant . This one 's played by another Spanish horror great , the beautiful Helga Line . Like practically every other woman in the film Line periodically gets her kit off . There 's a LOT of nudity in this film , and not just female - we even get to see Naschy 's paunchy body , which is n't a pretty sight , I can tell you . Most of the film 's sex angle is laughably gratuitous . There 's one particularly funny scene where Naschy and Line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide to both have a grope of the nubile young blonde they 've possessed.<br /><br />It 's also pretty gory in places - notably a Herschell Gordon Lewis - esquire moment where Line plunges her hands into a man 's chest to remove his heart.<br /><br />The best part of the film is the pretty effective zombies who turn up towards the end . They 're quickly scared off by a fire though , and do n't bother coming back . Which is a shame . The scene where the zombies rise , however , is the film 's most ludicrously inept moment . It all happens in long shot , and we have n't really got a clue what 's happening until we see some figures shambling on from the distance . There are several rubbish moments like this , thanks largely to poor editing . When a labourer falls under the hypnotic spell of Naschy 's head there 's a big close up of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose whatsoever.<br /><br />All in all , not a great horror film , but entertaining enough . Of course , the version I saw was a dubbed American version that had probably been chopped to pieces . For all I know , the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece ...
0 This movie starts out with an execution of a practitioner of witchcraft and his mistress . His head is chopped off and buried separately of his body ... sounds like " The Thing that would n't die " does n't it ? Well it does play out a little like that , but once the body is reunited with the head , all the interesting and gruesome deaths are done and the movie moves very slowly . I mean the movie is only 88 minutes long and I kept thinking " When is it going to end " ? The characters in the movie are idiots for the most part and they pretty much deserve to die for being really stupid . The villain is also very bad as he is slow moving and really you wonder how he manages to do anything considering he is afraid of jewelery . The only thing to keep you watching after the head is reattached is the fact that there are so many boobs being flashed that you really begin to lose track . Still I want to see a horror movie , not a soft core porn flick and as a horror movie it is way to slow moving with way to many slow stretches to be even somewhat enjoyable . And do n't read the back of the box as it made it out like there were flesh eating zombies attacking the town , there isn't ... only a small scene where three or four zombies attack a house and are so easily repelled they are not a factor in the movie at all and their scene is rather pointless . So for the most part I say you should avoid this movie unless you come across it for really cheap .
0 Paul Naschy made a great number of horror films . In terms of quality , they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash ; and unfortunately , Horror Rises from the Tomb is closer to the latter . The plot is just your average story of a witch , wizard or ( as is the case here ) warlock , who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it ... etc etc . We then get a séance and one thing leads to another , and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again . The plot is slow , painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless . The characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever . Paul Naschy wrote the script , and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme , and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is . Carlos Aured , who also directed Naschy in Blue Eyes of the Broken Doll and Curse of the Devil provides dull direction here , which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film . Sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them ; but Horror Rises from the Tomb does n't even have that . This is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest .
0 It was all over with the slashers around 88 so it was time for the cheesy rip offs of those older movies . The Brain is well done , the script reminded me of Videodrome but then in a more cheesy way as said before . The acting can go through with it . But it 's the effects that makes you laugh , the so called Brain is really a turkey and the blood is never shown . The opening sequence is what makes this movie worth watching , the hallucinations are really nicely done and reminded me of Nightmare on Elm Street , remember the telephone coming alive .... Some how you keep watching this flick , waiting what is happening next . It 's viewable for all freaks out there cause there is n't any gore in it and as said the blood is n't there neither but there is nudity for the perverts . I have seen worser movies than this one , only wished they had made it bloodier ...
0 My friends and I rented this for " Bad Movie Night " with high hopes , but The Brain was something of a letdown . The Brain itself is gloriously goofy - looking , but it mostly just sits on its little platform . Who thought that it would be cool that the Brain only gets to munch on three people throughout 94 drawn - out minutes ? This movie has a number of things going for it at first , including an Estevez - knockoff lead playing a rebellious genius ( we 're told that his enormous intellect is misdirected into his elaborate pranks and school stunts , which include putting krazy glue on someone 's chair ) . It also has some great lines , a hilariously out - of - shape and out - of - breath henchman who just barely manages to be everywhere , and , yeah , some chick gets naked . However , the director desperately needs some schooling in the art of pacing . During the last half things just start to drag on and on , with at least 3 or 4 pointless , boring chase scenes making up the middle third of the plot . The scenes inside the PRI complex are especially bad . At least 15 minutes of this movie are people running up and down the same stairwell . I could 've fixed the screenplay to this thing in half an hour- more cheese , more gore , more nudity , more Brain action . If you 're going to make a bad horror movie , at least give me something cool to look at while my superego shuts down . Maybe the director was trying to really bring the audience into his movie- I started feeling like one of the zombified townsfolk by the end of this crapfest .
0 A spoiler.<br /><br />What three words can guarantee you a terrible film ? Cheap Canadian Production . THE BRAIN fits those words perfectly . Terrible script , idiotic acting and hilarious special effects make this a must for every BAD movie fan . The horror is hilarious . The post production team looks like it gave up . What makes THE BRAIN admirable is in the second half , it actually tries to be good ! Can a bit of ingenuity and consistency save what is already a joke?<br /><br />It 's around Christmas time . A mother and daughter are murdered by one of the funniest looking villains ever . The day later , a rebel teen gets into enough trouble that he is sent for a psychiatric analysis.<br /><br />If a cop 's head is chopped off and a stranger with blood on him and a bloody axe told you some kids did it , who would you believe ? What begins as funny turns dull and tiring toward the end when THE BRAIN tries to be serious . A child can not be frightened by the scary moments . THE BRAIN is too funny a concept to try and be gritty . The Psychological Research Institute is larger than major manufacturing plants ! Our ugly villain and its cohorts get credit for pulling some of the worst acting I have seen . Viewer discretion advised heavily .
0 In the small American town of Meadowvale Dr. Anthony Blake ( David Gale , the IMDb listing for this character is wrong it 's definitely Dr. Blake not Dr. Blakely ) is the director and founder of the famed ' Psychological Research Institute ' and also host 's a local T.V. programme called ' Independent Thinkers ' . He uses this T.V. show to hypnotise the viewers and make them commit acts of violence . Dr. Blake has the help of a large brain with an evil face that uses it 's spinal cord as a tail thingy . Usually the brain is just sitting in a tank , eats mice and the odd bad actor , each time it eats someone it gets much bigger . Meanwhile at the local high - school gifted but troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski ( Tom Bresnahan ) has been caught putting Sodium down the toilets . Jim is sent to Dr. Blake at the PRI for help with his attitude and behavioural problems . While there Dr. Blake hooks Jim up to , well something I 'm not actually sure what . This whatever it is , is attached to the brain . At first Jim is able to resist the brain 's mind control . The brain feels that Jim is a threat to itself and it 's plans . Once out of the PRI Jim starts having bizarre hallucinations and crashes his car . Jim makes it to his waitress girlfriend Janet ( Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston ) but is handed back to Dr. Blake 's assistant Verna ( George Buza ) soon after by Officer Marks ( Harry Booker ) . The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one capable of withstanding it 's mind control techniques , and with ' Independent Thinkers ' going national the brain does n't want anything or anyone to stop it 's evil plan for world domination ! Jim quickly realises that the brain is controlling the entire town and he alone must stop the brain , before it takes over the world!<br /><br />Directed by Ed Hunt who calls himself Edward Hunt here , the Brain was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be . Do n't get me wrong as it certainly is n't great either . The script by Barry Pearson tries a stab at satire with the brain washing and mind control by T.V. storyline . It moves along at a fair pace and is n't too boring . No explanation is given for the existence of the brain at all , it 's just there and that 's it we have to accept it . The story is a little choppy and never fully explores one single element , there 's the T.V. mind control , the brain itself , Jim being hunted by the police & his misbehaviour and various other little bits and pieces here and there including a bizarre revelation regarding Dr. Blake that is n't explained at all . Production wise this film looks cheap , and probably was cheap . The acting is n't great but I 've seen worse , and what is David Gale doing in this ? In fact this role is similar to Gale 's role in Re - Animator ( 1985 ) even down to his character 's deaths in both films . The brain itself at first sits in a tank and starts to grow whenever it eats someone and by the end it is pretty big . Each stage is just made of rubber . It does n't look particularly good and is n't scary or creepy , just cheap . There 's no blood or gore in it apart from a blink and you 'll miss it decapitation . The nudity is provided by Dr. Blake 's assistant Vivian ( Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack ) before she gets eaten . The brain had a certain entertainment value for me but I would think most people would dislike it . Maybe worth a watch if you can see it on T.V. for free .
0 Insignificant and low - brained ( haha ! ) 80 's horror like there are thirteen in a dozen , yet it can be considered amusing if you watch it in the right state of mind . The special effects are tacky , the acting atrocious and the screenplay seems to miss a couple of essential paragraphs ! " The Brain " takes place in a typical quiet - American town setting , where every adolescent works in the same diner and where the cool - kid in high school flushes cherry bombs down the toilet . It is here that a TV - guru named Dr. Blake and his adorable pet - brain begin their quest for nation - wide mind controlling . Under the label of " independent thinkers " , a giant cheesy brain sends out waves through television sets and forces innocent viewers to kill ! How cool is that ? Now , it 's up to the Meadowvale teen - rebel to save the world ! The funniest thing about the plot is that it never explains where Dr. Blake and his monstrous brain actually come from . There are obvious references towards extraterrestrial life but that 's about it . Meh , who needs a background in a movie like this , really ? There 's not that much bloodshed unfortunately and the " evil " brain looks like an over - sized sock - puppet . The only more or less interesting element for horror buffs is taking a look at the cast and crew who made this movie . Director Ed Hunt and writer Barry Pearson are the same men who made " Bloody Birthday " ( guilty pleasure of mine ) and " Plague " . Both those are much better movies and they wisely decided to resign the film industry . The most familiar face in the cast unquestionably is the great David Gale , whom horror fans will worship forever for his role in Re - Animator . A girl named Christine Kossak provides the nudity - factor and she 's obviously a great talent   She has exactly 3 movies on her repertoire of which THIS is her " masterpiece " . In her debut , she was credited as ' runaway model ' and in " 3 men and a baby " , her character is referred to as ' one of Jack 's girls ' . I really wonder how she feels about her career as an actress 
0 Another horror flick in which a goof - ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over ? ! Yes , but the fact that this one was from Canada gives it a slightly different feel . " The Brain " has troublesome teenager Jim Majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly " brain " . Can Jim stop him ? I guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished , they 're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie . But still , they 'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.<br /><br />The bad guy had a brain . Why did n't the people who made this movie ?
0 Using tons of stock footage , not only from Trader Horn but also the first two films in the series ( for example the alligator fight was used last time out ) this is one of the weakest films in the MGM series . Its a huge let down after the classic Tarzan and His Mate which is possibly the best film in the series.<br /><br />The plot has Jane 's cousins coming into the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a fortune if she 'll come back to claim it . They are kind of in the bind since the relative that left her the money cut them out of the will . Hiring a great white hunter , who secretly wishes to capture Tarzan and sell him , the pair heads into the jungle where they run into the usual jungle troubles ( more so because of the stock footage ) . After lots of talk Jane decides to go back to civilization and we get long sequences of Tarzan and Jame making kissy face . Finally into the last half hour the plot to capture Tarzan is put in motion and things at last become interesting as plans go awry and things look very grim for all concerned .. <br /><br />Painfully dull film is clear evidence of a troubled production . the film seems to have been assembled from several different films with the first half hour playing as an almost exact repeats of the previous film . The middle third shows signs of having to stretch things out and having plot lines that ultimately went nowhere . The last third where Tarzan is captured and the party is put into peril is the point that the film finally comes to life ( it also shows signs of the graphic violence that caused much of the need to re - shoot the film ) . To me its a great wonder how the series managed to continue on from here since this film is n't very good ( except at the end).I would be hard pressed to explain it except I would have to say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane which kept people coming back . Its a beautifully acted pairing and really is one of the screens great couples.<br /><br />(I should probably also mention that this is the point that the film became less real and more fantastical with the appearance of the Tarzan tree house . ) I really dislike the first hour or so of this film a great deal and find it a great waste of time and energy . If you can come in towards the end I would recommend giving the film a try . Otherwise I would just skip the whole film and move on to the next film in the series .
0 This show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel . It is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera . It 's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.<br /><br />It also borrows from an early CBS game show pioneer- Beat The Clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome . Then it rewards the winner money . If they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters , even better . While the game format is in slow motion versus Beat The Clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality . < br /><br />This show has elements of several types of successful past programs . Reality television , hardly , but if your hooked on the contestants , locale or contest , this is your cup of tea . If your not , this entire series is as I say , drivel dripping with gravy . It is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.<br /><br />It is slick & well produced , so it might last a while yet . After all , so do re - runs of Gilligan 's Island , Green Acres , The Beverly Hillbillies & The Brady Bunch . This just does n't employ professional actors . The intelligence level is about the same .
0 How has this piece of crap stayed on TV this long ? It 's terrible . It makes me want to shoot someone . It 's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci - fi movie . I 'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense . I remember watching it when it first came out . I thought , hey this could be interesting , then I found out how absolutely , insanely , ridiculously stupid it really was . It was so bad that I actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.<br /><br />Please people , stop watching this and all other reality shows , they 're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create .
0 You do realize that you 've been watching the EXACT SAME SHOW for eight years , right ? I could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co - exist on an Island , but you 'd think that after watching unkempt , stink - ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original ( and interesting).<br /><br />And I 'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record I find questionable . It 's just hard to suspend disbelief for " Bushy Bill " eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make - shift bio - dome sipping frosty mochcinno 's with moxy.<br /><br />What 's the appeal here ? I do n't care about these people or their meandering lives . I just do n't get it . But if you DO find yourself being captivated by hairy , unwashed people , I suggest you turn off your TV and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their TRUE habitat . They call them HOMELESS PEOPLE , and free of charge , you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters , eventually striking " pay - dirt " and fashioning a homemade Dr. Frankenstein - styled cancer - stick , all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of " Aqua Velva " on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise . And the best part ? Much like Survivor , every week one member of the tribe " Leaves " the " Island " when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local Institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full - blown schizophrenia kicks into gear ! Now THAT 'S ENTERTAINMENT !
0 Written by the excellent McGovern and directed by Frears this film was a slight disappointment . It seemed too short . It spent far too long creating the Hovis atmosphere , and laughing at the Catholic demands . Then very quickly you have the fascist and socialists vying for the family 's attention , and the terrible conclusion.<br /><br />Still my wife thought Liam was cute .
0 My first question after seeing this film was , " Why is the title LIAM ? " If the intent was to tell a story from the boy 's perspective , it was not carried out well . Of course there was the formulaic use of camera angles in the boy 's scenes , but much of the crucial action took place outside of his field of view . Having a " main " character unable to speak ( obviously suggesting the mute , powerless position of a child ) makes it difficult to give that character much depth.<br /><br />Melodrama is defined as : " dramatic or other literary work characterized by the use of stereotyped characters , exaggerated emotions and language , simplistic morality , and conflict " LIAM fits this definition to a T. The viewer is hit over the head with the typical stereotypes of the fire and brimstone Catholic Church in the stern school marm and the well - fed priest squeezing money from parishioners . ( A stereotype which is becoming very tiresome . ) What 's more -- the Jewish characters are money lenders and factory owners!<br /><br />Much of the film was predictable ... Who did n't think that we 'd see Theresa scrubbing the toilet after her mother had told her " No daughter of mine will scrub another woman 's toilet ! " I 'm a fan of British realism if it 's done well . In my opinion , LIAM is not.<br /><br / >
0 It is not un - common to see U.S. re - makes of foreign movies that fall flat on their face , but here is the flip side ! ! ! This is an awful re - make of the U.S. movie " Wide Awake " by the British!<br /><br />"Wide Awake " is strange but entertaining and funny ! " Liam " on the other hand is just strange . I must give credit to " Liam " for one thing , and that is making it clear that I made the right choice in changing my religion !
0 I wo n't mention any of the plot , because , although it would be highly predictable anyway , the one notable plot twist is given away everywhere , in the movie comments , in the plot summary here , and even in the synopsis on my Netflix envelope . I might have enjoyed it more if I had n't known that . Maybe . This film has a deceptively good cast , most of whom did creditable acting with the rather limited material at hand , including Donald Sutherland , Lesley Ann Warren , and Tia Carrere and Rosemary Dunsmore in smaller parts . It was impossible to like William McNamara , but that was clearly by design . And there were a couple of quick nude scenes by the callipygian Lenore Zann . But none of this brings the slightest recommendation from me . Do n't any of these fine actors actually read these scripts before signing on ?
0 This is one of the most hateful and cruel movies I 've seen in a long time . Sadly I was duped into sticking with it , since Donald Sutherland 's presence misleadingly gave it some credibility . [ That 's the last time that 'll happen.]<br /><br />Lesley Ann Warren 's character was annoyingly whiny and as stupid as they come . There were smarter characters than hers who were killed in the film . That s just one of many things in this movie that made me ask , " Where is the justice?" < br /><br />Why is late - night cable so filled with sadistic garbage filled with pathological mayhem ? Most of these films seem to have a particular problem with women , and seem to focus on them being terrorized and murdered . This film could have been every bit as suspenseful without being sick and twisted in the process . All it ends up doing is turning the viewer 's stomach with its sickness , and insulting the viewer 's intelligence.<br /><br />The cast is misleadingly good . My guess is that they BAGGED Sutherland first , and used him to lure the others like lemmings into this.<br /><br />I'm kicking myself for wasting time , giving this piece of garbage a chance .
0 There is absolutely no plot in this movie ... no character development ... no climax ... nothing . But has a few good fighting scenes that are actually pretty good . So there you go ... as a movie overall is pretty bad , but if you like a brainless flick that offer nothing but just good action scene then watch this movie . Do not expect nothing more that just that . Decent acting and a not so bad direction .. A couple of cameos from Kimbo and Carano ... I was looking to see Carano a little bit more in this movie .. she is a good fighter and a really hot girl .... White is a great martial artist and a decent actor . I really hope he can land a better movie in the future so we can really enjoy his art .. Imagine a film with White and Jaa together ... that would be awesome
0 A black guy fights ..... and supposedly wins .... yeah ... 1/10 . Obviously fiction.<br /><br />So we 're presented with a damm nice title , a real nice tag line and even a nice plot line .. That s about it , that s where it ends .. We move into fiction after that.<br /><br />Michael Jai White , the black guy so do n't get confused with the name .. portrays a black guy .. Umm , that s all there is to the name .. <br /><br />Its so hard to find decent help , must have hired the black guys friends to help cause the low budget , low ineptness of this movie , has the camera 's shadow trailing the first scenes .... Yeah obvious idiot moment for the average guy like you and me .. but yeah ... <br /><br />10 lines . review submitted , . if you paid to see this movie , you got screwed .
0 Not exactly my genre , this straight - to - DVD street fight action is one I only encountered due to a friend putting it on whilst we had a few beers . I 'm relatively open minded , and quite a fan of Eamonn Walker , so I sat back ready to enjoy myself.<br /><br />Blood and Bone is the story of Isiah Bone , an ex - con who becomes a street fighter for unclear reasons which eventually unfold as the film progresses . Blah blah blah.<br /><br />What a tedious film . I understand that films like this do n't rely hugely on plot , but do they have to stuff in such a silly , predictable and entirely stupid storyline ? It may not be important , but by golly gum does it annoy me . Better no plot and pure action than a clíche - ridden fleabag mongrel of a narrative . Infused with entirely unfounded and unachieving sentimental drivel , it is the cinematic equivalent of a thin - skinned turkey stuffed with rotten innards . I should probably at this point mention what is , of course , the film 's drawing point : the fighting . Even in itself , the fighting is rather poor . Bone manages to take out well established tough - man street fighters in single punches ( a large oaf or two is the filmmakers ' laughworthy attempt to rectify this inconsistency ) ; fighters who never seem to conclude that attacking one by one is a foolish ploy . Even this is repetitive and stupid , arms broken and faces kicked with a steady alacrity that we get to see time and time again.<br /><br />A run of the mill , film - by - numbers movie which fully deserves its straight to DVD status , doing absolutely nothing new and everything we 've seen time and time again . And not even particularly well .
0 This film reminded me of The Sopranos , and not in a good way . < br /><br />David Chase 's seminal mob opera only ever put its foot wrong twice , the most jarring and inexplicable instance of which took place in its fourth season , when Junior Soprano went on trial for his life . Rather than pursue this riveting ( and pivotal ) plot line , the writers instead chose to completely ignore it , focusing instead on Bobby Baccalieri 's constant whimpering over his recently deceased wife 's frozen pasta dish . < br /><br />When something of genuine interest happens in Notorious - for example that first , mysterious assassination attempt on Tupac Shakur that ignited the whole East Coast / West Coast feud in the first place , and ended up leading to the deaths of both Tupac and Christopher Wallace - the film treats it as just another bit of plot to plod through . Why exactly was Tupac so convinced that he was sold out by his own people ? Did he alone nurture his subsequent affiliation with Suge Knight ? And was Lil ' Kim 's transformation from prim office drone into sex - obsessed , vampish diva really as banal as it appears here?<br /><br />None of these questions are even fleetingly addressed by the film 's screenwriters , who are far more interested in depicting Wallace 's turbulent love life to zero compelling dramatic avail . These sequences ( including a brain - frazzlingly clichéd groupie indescretion in a hotel room ) are so toothless and bruisingly manipulative that the only real comparison to be made is with a network TV movie.<br /><br />The storytelling , in both structure and content , is simplistic and trite . But more fundamentally , as a biopic ; as something designed to celebrate its subject and educate the uninitiated on the intricacies of their life and work ; the film is almost entirely worthless . The reliance on meat - and - potatoes genre plotting , coupled with the lifeless musical performances ( an area in which a film like this should soar , surely ) result in a film that appears to have been designed only to satisfy the whims and demands of those involved , leaving Wallace 's questionable status as a giant in his field as the preserve of the easily persuaded and previously converted only . < br /><br />And the final twenty minutes , in which Wallace 's posthumous cultural identity is broadly painted as being akin to that of a latter day saint , quite frankly made me feel like throwing up . < br /><br />On that score , much as with any other , Notorious is crass , calculating and compromised .
0 If this is supposed to be the black experience , let me out at either the front or back door.<br /><br />A mama 's boy one day sees 2 young hoods walk by and from then on it 's all down hill for him . Angela Bassett , the one shining grace in this film , plays his over protective , religious mother . Despite her anger at how his life has turned , by the middle of the picture , she really decides to accept this . She allows his friends to come in and suddenly it 's all right to use the profanity as long as it 's not in front of the children.<br /><br />This is a sad state of affairs regarding gangster rap . You knew where this film was heading.<br /><br />I literally laughed out loud when at the end , when Bassett is accompanying her son 's body for burial , she states that while his life had been cut short at age 24 , he had become a man . What man ? He had been a convicted criminal , wrote the most atrocious rap music with constant vulgarity , and scorned society . That scene in the classroom where he tells a teacher that as a sanitation worker , he will earn more than the teacher is a perfect example of what goes on in our schools . The complete and utter lack of respect for the teacher.<br /><br />The east coast , west coast gang rap rivalry is never fully explained . All we see are guns blazing.<br /><br />A terrible picture doing nothing to prevent gang violence . What horrible role models are these rap singers and their foul music . The African American community should take umbrage at their very being . Who was this classless fat slob who portrayed Biggie ? He made Rerun from the old television show look thin by comparison . I know it was the streets of Bedford Stuyvesant that changed this chubby little boy into the vulgar monster that he was . What a sorry state of affairs when this is called motion picture entertainment .
0 As a fan of Notorious B.I.G. , I was looking forward to this movie . I am unfortunate to see it is a terrible movie . Jamal Woodward is not convincing or realistic enough to portray Notorious B.I.G. A lot of the story follows Notorious B.I.G. 's real son , Christopher Jordan Wallace as Notorious B.I.G. as a kid . Unfortunately , he is not convincing enough to pay tribute to his father . Derek Luke is just as unconvincing as Sean " Puffy " Combs . In a nutshell , no one is convincing enough to play their roles here . The big problem with this are these are actual people they are playing . It was boring , and did not give any information about Notorious B.I.G. that fans and non - fans alike did not already know . I was especially disappointed with Angela Bassett , a very good actress wasted here as Voletta Wallace . The movie slugs and slugs along thinking that Notorious B.I.G. fans will spend tons of money on it . I am unfortunate to say that that happened . It 's nowhere close to a good movie . I was expecting so much out of it , but unfortunately I did n't get anything I wanted from this . I think you should definitely skip this one .
0 Look , I'm reading and reading this comments and there 's a lot of it that I wanna say but I will try to make it short but clean ... <br /><br />First of all , lets forget all of the things how bad this movie was made ... How it did n't show anything of Notorious and I agree with the most people here saying that it was " Hollywood " , I mean , what did you expect a real life story ? When will people wake up and see that u will never ever find the real truth about 2pac and Biggie ... Its all covered up and buried deep down.<br /><br />Second , I 'm not against neither 2pac or Biggie I love them both but 2pac and Lil Kim DID get embarrassed in this movie for sure ... <br /><br />Next , for all of ya that are saying that the movie is awesome and ca nt see the truth , either u are too blind too see it because u think u know something about BIG or you do n't know anything about him at all and u love this Hollywood teenage movies . Use your mind and see though the clouds ... There is a lot of it you could say when it gets to this topic , I did not say 60 % of what I have to say because its a very wide topic but for the movie I can only say that it could have been a little bit , I mean a much better done . But anyways I 'm just some person giving her opinion .... No hard feelings ... <br /><br />Look , I love hip hop and I live for it but after seeing this movie every person with a little intelligence could see that this is not how someone is suppose to live . With all do respect for 2pac and BIG , like all the other artists who are making for a living like this should turn the other page because u are ruining the youth .... Bringing the wrong message to the children and that is : not going to school but living from the streets , hustling and just grabbing for the paper .... <br /><br />The true hip hop is suppose to be about love and intelligence , be smart and all.<br /><br />OK I know that many of you will think that I 'm crazy , but this is just my point of view . Look I am maybe wrong about something and I m not saying this is a completely bad movie because even if I 'm in hip hop for 17 , 18 years I still do n't know anything bout 2pac or Biggie no matter how many articles I read or how much I support them and listen to their music ... Like most of you all out there . Only people who were really close to them and the killers know the truth behind all this.<br /><br />And for the end I just wanna say for all of ya Biggie and Tupac fans and family , this two men were and will be the greatest of all time , no matter how they lived their lives but PLEASE IN THE FUTURE TRY TO BE BETTER , LEARN AND LOVE EACH OTHER , THINK GOOD EVEN FOR THE ONES THAT Do n't LIKE YOU , BECAUSE AT THE END ... ITS NOT ABOUT HOW MANY MONEY OR FAME U COULD GET AND HOW FAST U COULD GET TO THE TOP , ITS ABOUT ACCOMPLISHING YOUR SELF TO THE FULLEST AND FEEDING YOUR SOUL , YOUR BODY AND MIND ... BECAUSE IF U MANAGE TO DO THAT , YOU WILL BE LIVING A LIFE EVEN AFTER DEATH ! ! ! ! PEACE AND LOVE TO YA ALL ! ! ! ! RIP BIGGIE,2PAC , AALIYAH , LEFT EYE , JAM MASTER JAY AND THE OTHERS WHO MAKE A CHANGE IN THIS WORLD ! ! ! !
0 I thought the movie was OK but very disappointed that they did n't capture the true image of his life . I was so anticipating to see his mother being an actual Jamaican , that it 's driving me crazy . Just watching the beginning of the movie told me that the movie was not accurate . Which I completely lost interest just a matter of seconds from the beginning of the movie . I 'm very disappointed , that 's like watching a biography story on Mark Anthony and having Arnold play the part . I do n't know what the writer was thinking missing a valuable piece of the movie which I 'm sure his mother played a huge role in his life . I will say the movie was OK besides the major Fla ! ! ! ! ! !
0 if you did n't live in the 90 's or did n't listen to rapper EVER ! ! this movie might be OK for you , but any for any fan or any single person who ever listened to rap this movie was boring and there was no point in the movie where i said that s interesting or i did n't know that . another thing that bugged me was it made it look like anything in his life he did was very easy there was no struggle he made jail look easy , selling drugs , and even rapping it was n't realistic . i think if the movie where released in about 15 years from now it might have more of an impact maybe ! ! ! good rap movies hustle and flow , get rich or die trying not notorious
0 Sure , if you ask any mom who 's the most beautiful baby in the world , she 'd tell you her son is the most amazing kid in the whole world . She 's right , at least in her own world.<br /><br />The producers of the movie were biggie 's mother and his good friend Puffy . Oh , well , do I need to say more ? I 'll break it down for those who does n't want to do a simple deduction.<br /><br />The whole movie was fake . You may just put a few biggie 's MTV video together and call it a movie.<br /><br />The beautiful Angela Bassett played Biggie 's mother . The real one in life looks like a dog.<br /><br />I just wonder why he called himself biggie small . Big body Small dick ? Big mouth Small sound ? Big fat Small eyes ? Disclaimer : I 'm a person of color . So keep your racist remark to yourself .
0 This film was a disaster from start to finish . Interspersed with performances from " the next generation of beautiful losers " are interviews with Bono and The Edge as well as the performers themselves . This leaves little time for the clips of Leonard Cohen himself , who towers over everyone else in the film with his commanding yet gentle presence , wisdom and humor . The rest are too busy trying to canonize him as St. Leonard or as some Old Testament prophet . Many of the performances are forgettable over - interpretations ( especially Rufus & Martha Wainright 's ) or bland under - achievements . Only Beth Orton and Anthony got within striking distance of Leonard 's own versions by using a little restraint . Annoying little pseudo - avant - garde gestures are sprinkled throughout the film- like out of focus superimpositions of red spheres over many of the concert and interview shots , shaky blurred camera work , use of digital delay on some of Leonard Cohen 's comments ( making it harder to hear what 's being said ) and a spooky , pretentious low drone under a lot of the interview segments ( an attempt at added gravitas ? ) . For the real thing , see the Songs From The Life Of documentary produced by the BBC in 1988 .
0 The saddest thing about this " tribute " is that almost all the singers ( including the otherwise incredibly talented Nick Cave ) seem to have missed the whole point where Cohen 's intensity lies : by delivering his lines in an almost tuneless poise , Cohen transmits the full extent of his poetry , his irony , his all - round humanity , laughter and tears in one.<br /><br />To see some of these singer upstarts make convoluted suffering faces , launch their pathetic squeals in the patent effort to scream " I 'm a singer ! , " is a true pain . It 's the same feeling many of you probably had listening in to some horrendous operatic versions of simple songs such as Lennon 's " Imagine . " Nothing , simply nothing gets close to the simplicity and directness of the original . If there is a form of art that does n't need embellishments , it 's Cohen 's art . Embellishments cast it in the street looking like the tasteless make - up of sex for sale.<br /><br />In this Cohen 's tribute I found myself suffering and suffering through pitiful tributes and awful reinterpretations , all of them entirely lacking the original irony of the master and , if truth be told , several of these singers sounded as if they had been recruited at some asylum talent show . It 's Cohen doing a tribute to them by letting them sing his material , really , not the other way around : they may have been friends , or his daughter 's , he could have become very tender - hearted and in the mood for a gift . Too bad it did n't stay in the family.<br /><br />Fortunately , but only at the very end , Cohen himself performed his majestic " Tower of Song , " but even that flower was spoiled by the totally incongruous background of the U2 , all of them carrying the expression that bored kids have when they visit their poor grandpa at the nursing home.<br /><br />A sad show , really , and sadder if you truly love Cohen as I do .
0 I would not consider myself as one of Leonard Cohen 's greatest fans . He does however feature as an important poet / musician in my literary / musical heritage . By far the most valuable element in this documentary is to hear Leonard 's reflections on his own life and career . Warming and humble . < br /><br />Unfortunately the most of the musicians featured in the concert did n't converse the nuances of Leonard 's musical / literary manner . Nick Cave , Jarvis Cocker & Beth Orton were the exceptions , even though Leonard highly values Rufus Wainrights interpretations of his songs.<br /><br />What particularly failed in this documentary was the ability of the filmmaker to allow the viewer to see who Leonard Cohen is and how these musicians connect to him . A lot is said in this respect , but the viewer is not drawn into the person Leonard Cohen . This failing is especially evident with the interviews with Bono and the Edge . They view Leonard as a special icon , but ca n't translate their exact value of Leonard Cohen . The collaboration with U2 is a farce . The entire live registration looks like a rushed job . And just as in the whole film , only Leonard Cohen remains his part and can tell about his own part.<br /><br />The entire montage and screenplay is much like a high school extramural project . The use of effects such as echo , slow - motion or flashed images are ill placed . Some of the camera - work is dismal . Part of the score hardly recalls any associations I may have expected . At times it seemed the filmmaker was adding psychotic elements to the film . Perhaps a reference to his once use of LSD.<br /><br />Some unintentional humor ... at some point Leonard tells how he influenced a musical genre . Initially he ca n't recall the genre 's name , until eventually he says it was punk , the punksters really picked up on his music . The next scene in the film is a live cover of ' I ca n't forget ' ... < br /><br />"And I ca n't forget , I ca n't forget I ca n't forget but I do n't remember who "
0 I 've been a fan since his first album . This film is a disservice to him . The performances , except for one by Rufus Wainwright and Teddy Thompson are simply terrible . < br /><br />Those by Martha Wainwright , Nick Cave , Antony , and Jarvis Cocker were particularly annoying . Even the one by the McGarrigle sisters was ruined by the so called harmony of Martha Wainwright.<br /><br />I've never seen my wife get up and walk out of the room on a film before and I found myself fast forwarding through the performances to get to the few interview segments , which were also difficult to watch due to the poor camera work . < br /><br />There are many who have been able to interpret Mr. Cohen 's songs , Jennifer Warnes , KD Lang , Billy Joel , Aaron Neville , and Willie Nelson come to mind , but those people selected for this performance were just awful.<br /><br />Hopefully there will be another attempt at capturing Leonard Cohen on film that will illustrate his insight , talent , and intelligence.<br /><br />So sad
0 What kind of a documentary about a musician fails to include a single track by the artist himself ? ! Unlike " Ray " or countless other films about music artists , half the fun in the theater ( or on the couch ) is reliving the great songs themselves . Here , all the tracks are covers put on by uninteresting characters , and these renditions fail to capture Cohen 's slow , jazzy style . More often , the covers are badly sung folk versions . Yuck.<br /><br />The interviews are as much or more with other musicians and figures rather than with Cohen himself . Only rarely does the film feature Cohen reading his own work ( never singing)-- like letters , poems , etc . The movie really did n't capture much about the artist 's life story , either , or about his development through the years . A huge disappointment for a big Cohen fan .
0 This film should have been only 10 minutes . I mean there is really only 10 minute worth of watchable content in this thing ( I even hesitate to call it a movie ) . The opening credits of the film was somehow promising . As the film begins by short comments of the man himself , you really rub your hands and stay tuned for more footage from Cohen 's life . Well , Nick Cave does a reasonable job covering one of Cohen 's famous songs . The length of Cave 's performance makes you even more eager to see more of Cohen whose wit and well spoken words have already tickled your fancy . But as it turns out Cave 's performance is only the start of lengthy super boring performances by literally a bunch of no ones who do n't even have a minimal attraction to keep you on your seat . I mean what does the filmmaker really think ? five - minute close - up shots of wanna be singers in a fake concert in Australia ! ! ! What does the filmmaker really think to insult the audience by adding " fake applause " to these endless nasty performances . The film is a perfect torture that shows you very little of what you came to see . There is not a single footage of Cohen 's past . In fact , except for a few photographs of his early days as a singer / poet there is absolutely nothing ! If you add up all the minutes that Cohen talks it may not even reach 10 minutes . But these 10 minutes are tortuously presented bit by bit in between disastrous camera - work that captures some of the most unattractive people screaming Cohen 's lyrics . If you ever decided to waste your money on this film , DON'T ! just throw it in the garbage and at least save your time .
0 Hey,<br /><br />If your going to make a documentary about Leonard Cohen try making it about Leonard Cohen ! This is filled with only enough Leonard to anger the viewer who will be left wondering why they are listening to all these other singers ( some of them questionable ) talk about themselves . Puleeze .... sounds like them reliving their diary entries in junior high - who cares about you , what about Leonard ? Guess what people , if you " do something " worthy maybe someone will make a documentary about you . I found particularly insulting the parading of U2 's members as if that would add credibility to this movie - NOT . Leonard does n't need Bono or the Edge talking about his spirituality . What would have been nice would have been for the filmmakers to embody some piece of his spirituality through the film . Gee , what a concept ! I will give props to Rufus Wainwright and Jarvis Cocker for their covers of Cohen tunes - the rest of the performances were a bore and some were unbearable.<br /><br />Cohen fans , do n't say I did n't warn you !
0 The people who are praising this film are the real disappointments -- I am hoping at least that Leonard will see some good $ $ out of this , as his life savings were embezzled away by a manager a couple of years ago and he 's over 70 now . But this film is simply terrible . At the beginning Leonard himself says he is not sentimental about his past , and then for the next hour and a half the film emphasizes all the worst sentimental elements of Leonard 's songs . It is so bloody PRECIOUS with its endless close - ups of over emoting singers . Cohen 's interview is all done in lo - fi video closeups and I so wanted to see a medium or a long shot of his whole body ! I could n't care less about the comments of the performers , especially those overblown ego boys Edge and Bono . None of the performers in this film have done even one song as good as Leonard 's own music and if you are thinking about seeing this and you have any doubts at all , heed them . This would be an acceptable PBS special , maybe , for a one time showing . But I will even hesitate at getting a DVD of this . When the film finally shows Leonard semi - performing " Tower of Song " it 's ruined by Bono taking a verse . Even the occasional good performances ( Antony , Rufus ' first number , Martha 's The Traitor ) are spoiled by the context of the rest of this turgid blabla . Forget this one , and go buy Leonard 's most recent album if you want to pay tribute to him .
0 I just do n't get some of the big premises of this episode - that Miranda is so remarkable , and that there 's anything so ugly it would make you insane . Someone here made the remark that maybe it 's the frequency of the light waves or something rather than it being ugliness . Miranda is just a jerk . The episode is slow , inconsistent and way too talky . I also do n't quite understand why Kolos is an ambassador - why does n't the Federation just leave the damn Medusans be ? There 's one part I do like , when Kolos is speaking through Spock about the loneliness of the human experience . Overall , I love TOS and even at its lamest , I 'll always tune in . This episode though - mmm , I would n't purchase it except for a used copy under $ 3 .
0 I am very unpolitically correct guy , so when I say sexist I really mean it reduced the female guest lead , Dr Miranda Jones played by Diana Muldar . in spite of all her supposed brilliance and self control , to nothing more inside but a big , jealous unreasonable baby You prolly got the plot by now , after her technical sidekick Marvik , also a spurned lover , flips out when he tried to kill the Medusan , Ambassador Kollos , out of a jealous rage , but glimpsed first it instead . ( You think he could have just walked in to the room with his eyes shut and phasered the box , too easy ) he takes the Enterprise into un - navigable space outside the galaxy before the boys could subdue him . Well , the ship is stuck in limbo , at that point they could have gone to the good lady doctor - liaison and discussed it . " Spock has to make a mind meld with the Medusan so we can get home . I mean like beetch do you want to stay adrift until we run out of supplies and die ? " But the lady in true Star Trek fashion is a jealous monsters who whines and wails when the idea is broached , even when her Medusan idol told her to shut up & go along with them . So the beetch out of spite messes with the melded Spock causing him to forget to put on his visor which makes Spock go insane . Kirk , naturally , figured out what a total twit she was and shamed her into fixing Spock up with her superior telepathic powers . Of course , at the end the Lady and Medusan leave and all is forgiven . You almost wish the President from Battle Star Galactica showed up to jettison the witch out of an airlock for her destructive stunt . But in Star Trek land , ladies are permitted to be totally unreasonable and cruel , yet at the same time supposedly there is sexual equality . This is what I mean by sexist .
0 Another weak third - season entry , ' Is There In Truth No Beauty ? ' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as Spock would say , fascinating . The main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane . It 's too bad the episode can not live up to this incredible premise . Obviously , I think , it was a mistake to ever ' show ' the alien , as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build - up ; all we get is the standard Star Trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes , usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar . In any event , Kollos ' appearance can at least be tolerated by Mr. Spock , and then only if Spock is wearing a special visor . ( For the longest time , I thought the alien 's name was ' Carlos , ' which I found humorous , but I digress . ) Spock is required to mind - meld with Kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the Enterprise back to safety . This is accomplished , but when Spock / Kollos go back to end the mind - meld , by golly , Spock forgets his visor . Uh oh . He goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of Kollos ' assistant , a blind woman with psychic powers . This might have been a really bizarre , excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series ' last season .
0 Is this the " worse " Star Trek TOS episode ? Maybe , at least it gets my vote as being in the bottom 5 . I mean , this episode makes absolutely no freaking sense . Seeing something that makes you go mad ? Give me a break . This episode also has a different feel to it , the music is heightened , almost forced to enhance a feeling of distress , to the point that it sucks . Give me some Klingons , Gorns , Tholians , Romulans , higher beings like Triskelion 's or anything but Medusin 's , these are very boring aliens to make an episode around . McCoy gets to utter his famous phrase " He 's Dead , Jim " . Spock puts on the protective goggles when transporting the ambassador away but Kirk does not . They go through that freaking " barrier " now for the third time that I can remember , boring . At least season three 's next episodes would be " Spectre Of The Gun " , and " Day of The Dove " and others to follow , making Trek a decent show to watch in syndication where it would pick people like me up as avid fans . Personal observations , Trek loved to use the color purple , its kind of a pinkish purple , like when they are in the corridor outside the compartment , the gangway that is normally grey is now purple . We never had a purple bridge but its interesting to see , I noticed it in several episodes , it was done by a light filter and it works very well but in this episode , in the ships corridor is pretty lame .
0 Diana Muldaur appears on Star Trek for the second time , but this time as a different character . No one on board seems to notice -- maybe it was the hair . Regardless , this time she is not the receptacle for a god ( see the previous episode ) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a Medusan without going crazy ( the standard human response ) . Unfortunately , the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the Medusan ambassador ( who , oddly , lives in a small crate -- this is a lousy way to travel ) . And , unfortunately , Muldayr is n't wound all that well herself . What happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time I saw it , I was pretty relieved . Watching all the men on board go ga - ga over Muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of Spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy . Do yourself a favor -- if you have n't seen the show before , pick a different episode .
0 During the Civil War , there were many cases of divided loyalties ; obviously , many occurred " In the Border States " , where North met South by happenstance of geography . From the border , young father Owen Moore goes off to join the Union Army . Shortly , Confederate soldier Henry B. Walthall , separated from his regimen , wanders onto the enemy 's property , desperate for water ; he finds a supply where the Unionist 's young daughter Gladys Egan sits . When the Yankee soldiers track him down , Little Gladys innocently helps the Confederate hide . Later , when he returns to kill her father , the little girl 's kindness is remembered . A sweet , small story from director D.W. Griffith . Location footage and humanity are lovingly displayed . < br /><br / > * * * * In the Border States ( 6/13/10 ) D.W. Griffith ~ Henry B. Walthall , Owen Moore , Gladys Egan
0 My mother keeps a cassette of this film as a general threat to any film loving person who annoys her . Everything about it stinks.<br /><br />As such it is a true classic.<br /><br />Who gave it 10/10 ? Were you inadvertently watching a good film and accidentally voted for this one?<br /><br />Everyone involved in the movie making process should be forced to watch at least a small section of this film . It should be an indelible stain on the minds on all that hold film sacred and be revered as the tide mark of the cinematically dire .
0 What exactly was going on during World War 11 in New Zealand when American forces were there?<br /><br />This awful story of 4 sisters was really pathetic to view . Can you imagine casting Joan Fontaine as the older sister to Sandra Dee ? Fontaine looked more like her mother . Even funnier was that Fontaine becomes pregnant in the film.<br /><br />Piper Laurie and Paul Newman who showed such great on screen chemistry 4 years later in " The Hustler , " have no scenes together in this film . Laurie plays another sister who goes off to Wellington to tramp around there , despite the fact that she is married . Woe to her when her husband comes back from the war.<br /><br />Jean Simmons is widowed and finds romance with a much subdued Paul Newman . There is even romance for the young Miss Dee here.<br /><br />The picture has little to no meaning . Are they trying to say that all is fair in love and war ? If they are , they did a poor job in selling this.<br /><br />The conflict of interest with Newman and Simmons is quickly disposed of . That is what should have been quickly done to this terribly disappointing film of 1957 .
0 Unusual ? Yes!<br /><br />Unusual setting for an American wartime movie , New Zealand.<br /><br />Unusual subject matter , four sisters and their relationships with American soldiers , from one bearing the illegitimate child of the dead son of a Senator , to another living with seven Marines ( one at a time ) before being murdered by her returning POW New Zealander husband.<br /><br />Unusual to see Paul Newman deliver such a poor performance so soon after his unforgettable role as Rocky Graziano in the brilliant " Somebody Up There Loves Me".<br /><br />Unusual for two fine " Stars " Joan Fontaine and Jean Simmons , to leave so little of themselves on a movie.<br /><br />Unusual that I could be bothered to write a review of such a poor film , give it a miss !
0 I rented this movie yesterday and can hardly express my disappointment in little Laura Ingalls for getting involved in something so poorly produced . I am not sure if it was horrible writing or bad directing or both but it leaves a viewer very disappointed in having wasted the time to watch this swill . It consisted of a weak naive story line , very poor lines , and relied solely on pretty scenery , and pretty people to sell it . Unfortunately this was not enough . You would be better off to rent a tape full of static than to waste your time on this crap . Lindsey Wagner also played a pretty pathetic part as a ranch owner who apparently works very hard doing nothing , anybody who has ever been near a ranch knows that this was obviously written by a young person from los Angeles and not someone with much knowledge of the world .
0 Carl Panzram lived an amazing life and scribbled down his memoirs on scraps of paper for possibly the only person who ever did anything selfless for him . The book " Panzram : A Journal of Murder " by Thomas E. Gaddis and James O. Long , which came out the better part of a century after Panzram 's death , gives the historical context to a first - generation American 's account of running away from home to go west and be a cowboy , getting caught , thrown in the boy 's home , getting away repeatedly and thrown into prison over and over all the time getting tortured and sodomized . As Panzram grew huge and strong , he sought to take revenge for the wrong done to him as he traveled to South America , Europe and Africa , and it did n't matter what people he raped , robbed , or murdered because we are all equally worthless.<br /><br />This film casts skinny James Woods as the rough neck , mean - ass , son of a bitch Carl Panzram who in the film is a " drunk " , overly - dramatic and emotional , and who never mentions the joy of sodomizing men and boys . The film neither elaborates on anything else particularly of note about this world traveler and career prisoner ( like robbing former President Taft or being released from the Oregon prison as long as he gave his word to return ) . In short , I do n't think Carl would be too happy .
0 This movie wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society . Therefore , can thieves , rapists and murderers ( the Killer of this movie , Carl Panzram ( James Woods ) , is all three and worse ) be held fully accountable for their deeds ? An interesting notion , but very difficult to bring to the screen in an intellectually and emotionally satisfying way . And this is where Killer : A Journal of Murder falls very short . Although the film tries to put Panzram 's behaviour into perspective , with flashbacks to his violent youth and dysfunctional upbringing , the viewer never gets the idea that Panzram is a victim rather than a culprit . Sure , the system is corrupt , with one mobster occupying the whole sick bay of Leavenworth Prison ( where most of the movie takes place ) , most prison guards are sadistic bullies , and the prison director something like a megalomaniacal despot . But why on earth does new prison guard Henry Lesser ( Robert Sean Leonard ) take such pity on Panzram ? Even after having read his gruesome diaries ? The movie offers some explanation : Lesser witnesses Panzram being beaten to a pulp by the most sadistic ( and stereotypical ) guard , and is impressed by Panzram 's intelligence ( though it is n't clear why exactly Lesser thinks this man is so smart ) . Surely this is n't enough to sympathize with a hostile man like Panzram , even though this movie tends to downplay his crimes and highlight his personality ? Towards Lesser , Panzram is quite loyal , and the viewer is given the impression that for Lesser this outweighs all of the atrocities he has read about in Panzram 's diaries . Does this man Lesser have so little friends that he takes at face value everyone who seems only remotely friendly to him ? Perhaps it is Lesser who is a product of modern society , judging on appearance rather than substance.<br /><br />I can advise Monster , starring Charlize Theron and Christina Ricci , as a movie which handles roughly the same themes with far more integrity and scope.<br /><br />BTW : Killer looks as though shot for TV ( not so good )
0 The excruciatingly slow pace of this film was probably the director 's express intention , in order to convey what life was like growing up as a village teen in China . However , I found the combination of the glacially slow ' plot ' and the general filming style so impersonal as to be totally alienating , particularly to a western audience . At times I actually had trouble telling some characters apart , as they were filmed from such a distance . Two hours in and I was totally past caring . As someone who is not only interested in music but is also very into the history and culture of China ( and is by the way no stranger to Chinese cinema ) , I could n't engage with a single character and found nothing to get my teeth into . It begs the question : If I disliked it , who on earth would like it ? Give me Zhang Yimou , give me Chen Kaige . Give me the work of just about any other Chinese director I 've ever seen . This sorry effort just does n't measure up at all . I 'd be sorry to see Chinese cinema judged against this benchmark .
0 I have seen many , many films from China - and Hong Kong . This is the worst . No , the worst one was ' Unknown Pleasures ' . I watched ' Platform ' yesterday evening and thought that Jia Zhang Ke 's other two films must be better . This evening I was disappointed again . I will not be watching ' Xiao Wu ' tomorrow evening because I have just placed all three films in the bin ! Whoever gave this film , ' Platform ' ten out of ten , needs to watch more cinema ! The photography was very poor : it was very difficult to differentiate between some of the characters because of the lack of close - up work . The storyline was so disjointed that I fast - forwarded it towards the end out of pure frustration . I would not recommend this film to anyone . Give me Zhang Yimou or Chen Kage any day . These are true masters of Chinese cinema , not pretentious con men !
0 This movie is truly boring . It was banned in Chinese cinema and i can see why . It 's not because it 's critical of the communist regime but simply because the movie is of such low quality . I would never want to pay money to watch this . I love movies from Chen Kaige and Zhang Yimou and i am disappointed such a poor movie could come out of China . It totally seems to ignore the audience and the director seems to have made the movie for himself . The shots of a person standing there doing nothing for up to a minute are hilarious and there 's plenty of them . The cinematography and video quality are unbelievably bad . I looked this film up on the Net and it seems like people actually like this film . The only explanation i have for this is that some film buffs think that if a film is not in English it is automatically good . I ca n't see any reason why people would like this . this is not an art film it 's of waste of celluloid.(That 's if they actually shot it on film , which they did n't )
0 The concept was ok but hardly original . The acting was plastic . But the real spoiler was that there was only one joke and a grubby one at that . This is a film for fourteen year olds who have been let out on their own for the first time . Do n't dare to watch it with your kids .
0 Having enjoyed Mike Myers previous work ( Waynes World and Saturday Night Live ) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high . It became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible . I swit ched off after ten minutes . I watched it the other day a second time to see whether I had been unfair the first time . I switched it off after ten minutes . I find it hard to believe how even a twelve year - old boy could find this funny . The dialogue is an e mbarrassment , Myers is painful to watch ( as is Heather Graham ) and the succession of characters including Fat Bastard makes matters even worse . Apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films I have ever seen . I personally recommend you avoid this like the plague , though several friends of mine enjoyed it ( maybe they were blindfolded at the time).º
0 POSSIBLE SPOILERS < br /><br />The Spy Who Shagged Me is a muchly overrated and over - hyped sequel . International Man of Mystery came straight out of the blue . It was a lone star that few people had heard of . But it was stunningly original , had sophisticated humour and ample humour , always kept in good taste , and had a brilliant cast . The Spy Who Shagged Me was a lot more commercially advertised and hyped about.<br /><br />OK I 'll admit , the first time I saw this film I thought it was very funny , but it 's only after watching it two or three times that you see all the flaws . The acting was OK , but Heather Graham can not act . Her performance did n't seem very convincing and she was n't near as good as Liz Hurley was in the first one . Those characters who bloomed in the first one , ( Scott Evil , Number 2 etc . ) are thrown into the background hear and do n't get many stand - alone scenes . The film is simply overrun with cameos.<br /><br />In particular , I hated the way they totally disregarded some of the scenes in IMOM . When they killed off Vanessa at the start and had Basil sat that he knew she was a fembot all along . What was the point of that ? They killed off Number 2 in the first one , and now they bring him back with no explanation whatsoever . This is supposed to be a spy - spoof , I do n't think any of the characters even hold a gun in the film . It just goes on a trail , further and further away from the point.<br /><br />The new characters are very unwelcome . The whole Mini - Me ` make fun of my size ' joke gets old very quickly . Fat Bastard is just a lame excuse for gross - out humour . In total there 's about two or three good jokes . The rest are either tasteless or rehashed from IMOM.<br /><br />If this were the first movie of the series then I 'd probably be easier on it . But the series started on a note of dry wit and then plummeted down to a level of gross out humour . So I say , only watch this film if you have n't seen its predecessor , because The Spy Who Shagged Me is one ultimate disappointment .
0 This film is not even worth walking to the movie theatre . No jokes , but stupid and boring laughing on repeated disgusting stuff . The music and the girls are great , unfortunately you have to watch the whole movie to enjoy them . It was weak , very very weak .
0 The opening 5 minutes gave me hope . Then Meyers proved he only had one good idea for the rest of the movie . Absolute lowest common denominator humor . Painful viewing . A complete chore . Written no doubt in less than a week , just like the first one . Give Meyers the hook and lock him in a cell with Adam Sandler and Will Farrell . And do n't let him out until he 's developed a decent script for something , anything . He has it in him . These Austin Powers things are just embarrassing . < br /><br />Let Goldmember sink without trace .
0 This one is a little better than the first one . It still relies on a lot of its humor which basically keeps saying that the old Bond movies were not realistic . That wears thin after so many parodies . The girls were more interesting in this one.<br /><br />There is a tremendous amount of total gross out humor . Hopefully one day real comedy will come back .
0 Yeah , that about sums it up . This movie was horrifying . Two minutes in I wanted to gouge my eyes out . This has been praised as an " innovative LDS comedy , " but it 's not even good for members of that church ! I do n't think any human being should be so victimized as to watch a movie of this low quality.<br /><br />First of all , you can tell that absolutely no effort whatsoever went into this movie . It seems as if the horribly drab , glib , trite plot was thrown together by two crazy weasels somehow imbued with the gift for coherent ( at least semi - coherent ) thought . Then , there 's the acting , which is dismal from * everybody * involved . Even the cameos fail to liven anything up.<br /><br />And let 's not forget the fact that our protagonist is a shallow jerk who we would like to believe can change , but that road is full of embarrassingly bad dialogue , appallingly hideous " gags , " and a lot of Mormon " in - jokes " that anyone in their right mind , LDS or not , should consider purely * stupid * ! This has to be one of the worst films I 've ever seen !
0 This movie was terrible . The plot sucked , the acting was bad , the editing was inept and this movie makes me want to poke my eyes out . I wish I had the time I spent watching this movie back . The balloon scene was stupid , the Mormon jokes are really old , the soundtrack sucked , I saw no chemistry between the two leads , it 's full of stereotypes , stupid local " celeb " cameo's .. most noted was Del " I 'm going to drive as fast as I want to .. " computer idiot . What is worst is that these actors had to play themselves on the spiritual side and even they screwed that up . This movie help create a long line of lackluster efforts to mainstream LDS beliefs into Hollywood . I.E. The RM , Church ball , etc . etc . I would forgo watching this movie and instead run head first into a brick wall . You will be more entertained than watching this poor excuse for a show .
0 do n't see this . this was one of the dumbest movies i have ever seen . its hard to be Mormon sometimes when there are movies like this out there . what a sad view of Mormon life . i can tell you if you did see this movie that it is not all like this at all in a singles ward . if it was i do n't think i would have made it through it . its too bad that most Mormon movies are made by a group of geeks who have nothing better to do . the acting was so bad that my wife and i barely made it through . i guess you could say that it had all the signs of a B movie . or are there C movies ? anyway ... i just thought this movie sucked and was full of cheese . i wish some Mormons would start making some quality movies .
0 With the runaway success of " God 's Army " , every Mormon with a camera seems to be trying to make a movie now . In the case of the recent " The Other Side of Heaven " , this was n't at all a bad thing . That film , while not great , was quite good . " The Singles Ward " , however , is not.<br /><br />Telling the story of a young , divorced Mormon guy thrust back into single life , the writing and shooting style of " The Singles Ward " is , in many ways , very similar to the 80s comedy " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " . However , the similarities end there . While " Ferris Bueller " was funny , original , and well - acted ( as far as stupid comedies like this ever are ) , " The Singles Ward " is completely the opposite . It tries very hard to be funny . However , 90 % of the gags either fall flat or are cliches and jokes you 've probably heard a million times before . The other 10 % seem to be thrown in to fill out the time . And the acting , while not awful , is amaturish at best.<br /><br />In addition , if you 're not either a Mormon yourself , or very , VERY familiar with Mormon culture , you wo n't get hardly anything at all . Whereas " God 's Army " and " The Other Side of Heaven " were appealing to a broad range of viewers , both inside and outside of the Mormon church , this film is most definitely one big inside joke , and even if you get it , it 's just not that funny .
0 I live in Salt Lake City and I 'm not a Mormon , so why did I rent this movie ? Well because I live in Utah and thought it 'd be nice to see locations I know in a film . I really knew going into it that I was n't going to get the inside jokes so I was n't surprised when I sat with the deer in the headlights stare . What I was surprised at was the ant - non Mormon actions that were placed in this film.<br /><br />I know it 's a Mormon film , catered to the members of the LDS Church , but I found it offensive because of the typical stereotype of people that is n't of their faith . Every non Mormon , which was n't many , drank , smoked and had an amazing selfishness attitude , why?<br /><br />That really ticked me off about this film , they made the Mormons so pure , yet the rest of the state of Utah I guess is filled with punk psychos just because they do n't follow the scriptures of the LDS Church.<br /><br />I can understand having the plots revolve around all LDS members , but you 'd think Salt Lake City was 100 % Mormon , which is n't even close to being the truth . And as I said , the non Mormons in the movie were portrayed as drunken jerks , please!<br /><br />I guess I just do n't get it because I do n't belong to their faith and I guess I never will .
0 I went in expecting the movie to be completely dumb . With such a low expectation , any form of entertainment would be a pleasant surprise . The soundtrack was the best part of the movie , but poking fun at the nonsense that goes on in singles wards was also amusing.<br /><br />This said , there were many things about The Singles Ward that were completely annoying . The entire film was poorly dubbed and made watching mouths while listening to their voices very irritating . This lack of professionalism was surpassed only by the cameos of Mormon celebrities who have no business acting.<br /><br />This film will do well among Mormondom , especially in college communities where singles ward exist . However the conclusion will offer no hope for the poor losers who find themselves unmarried . ( Only the pretty girls in the Singles Ward get married , the fat , ugly ones do n't , but all the ugly men do ) Ultimately we realize that the whole film was an advertisement for LDSSingles.com
0 Something to Sing About was produced at Grand National Studios where James Cagney was working while under a contract dispute with the brothers Warner . He did two films for this B studio , neither of which rank high in the Cagney credits.<br /><br />One of the great losses to cinema is the fact that Jimmy Cagney did so few films that utilized his terrific dancing abilities . The two that come to mind immediately are Yankee Doodle Dandy and Footlight Parade . Two lesser films are The West Point Story and Never Steal Anything Small . Cagney himself said he never used to watch anything but his musicals in retirement . So why did he make so few of them?<br /><br />Well this one was all wrong . The plot of Something to Sing About concerns a hoofer who fronts for a band who 's discovered and given a movie contract . There are the usual complications of a conniving studio boss and a conniving press agent played respectively and well by Gene Lockhart and William Frawley . His contract calls for a no- marriage clause , so Cagney and band girl singer lady Evelyn Daw marry in secret . Then we get the complication of a publicity driven studio romance with screen leading lady Mona Barrie . I think you can figure where this is going.<br /><br />The most disappointing thing about Something to Sing About is the lack of dance numbers for Cagney . He dances briefly at the beginning and the end of the film and nothing in the middle . Evelyn Daw had a nice singing voice and the charisma of a ham sandwich . She got the musical numbers such as they were . I 'm sure the movie - going public was paying their tickets to see Cagney dance . < br /><br />Also in addition to giving him some dance numbers a female dance partner would have been nice . He danced well with Ruby Keeler in Footlight Parade and with Virginia Mayo and Doris Day in The West Point Story . Were n't Ginger Rogers , Eleanor Powell or Ruby Keeler available?<br /><br />No memorable songs came out of this . And Daw 's voice is waisted as well . She has a Jeanette MacDonald soprano voice which was so out of place with a swing band.<br /><br />No wonder Cagney went running back to Warner Brothers . But they should have given him some decent musicals .
0 Young and attractive Japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again , this time it involves mobile phones . Various people die until the disgruntled spirit behind it all is unearthed , so essentially if you 've seen more than 2 recent Japanese horror films you can plot this film in the dark with your hands tied.<br /><br />The main attraction here is the fact that Takashi Miike is behind the camera . So far I 've been more impressed with his low key works like City of Lost Souls , however as One Missed Call plodded along I was yearning for his more renowned envelope pushing of Dead or Alive or the overly pseudo - Cronenberg style of Audition . Despite a lot of his films being essentially empty , at least they do have merits such as these , or at least something to keep your attention like Tadanobu Asano prancing about in shiny suits impersonating Johnny Depp . There 's none of that in One Missed Call ; there 's just very little of credit : the acting is bland and average , there is very little ( nothing , in all honesty ) in the way of scares or suspense , and in places it 's just downright boring.<br /><br />However , there are moments where Miike 's glacier - like sense of humour seeps through the bland commercialism ; most notably with the instance of the TV show intent on filming the demise of one of the cursed subjects , and the TV programmer more concerned about his ratings than the girls ' life . But aside from this there is nothing to suggest it is Miike behind the camera ; most notably his usual visual flair has vanished without a trace ( and that includes his famous gore ) , although it 's more likely he just did n't have any enthusiasm for the project , and I can understand why . One Missed Call is n't offensively bad . It 's just frustratingly average.<br /><br />Miike obviously loves directing . With his huge yearly output it 's obvious he is n't going to be 100 % concerned about all his projects . But even with this in mind , One Missed Call felt like he was just paying the bills .
0 By all the fawning people have been doing over Miike and his work . I sat through this flick tonight . I figured , if it 's half as good as Ringu , as I assumed from these comments it might be , than it will be worth my time.<br /><br />No such luck.<br /><br />I'm all for finding the next great director ( or writer ) , but I do n't think Miike is the one . I do n't have an NYU Masters of Fine Arts , but I do know this much : a horror movie has to have pacing . It also has to give the viewer more credulity than this movie does.<br /><br />This film 's pacing had me shaking my head . Some of the scenes near the end dragged so badly , I went to the fridge and lingered there while Kou Shibasaki stared at the camera for seemingly minutes on end , eyes wide and mouth agape . A famous director once made the claim , and I 'm paraphrasing , a movie could be made by turning the camera on a beautiful woman and letting it roll . Kou is not a good enough actress to make that work . She stares paralyzed at the undead girl for more scenes than I care to remember . And she is n't the only one doing an impersonation of a deer in headlights ; other cast members apparently feel the need to imitate this non - performance . The script gives them little room to do much else for far too much of the time.<br /><br />I like Asian cinema . Hong Kong action flicks from the last 30 years , Korean horror like " Phone " and " Koma " , Ang Lee 's work , some of the trashy but fun Filipino movies with gratuitous sex and fighting , as well as others . Chakushin Ari I could have done without .
0 Basically , take the concept of every Asian horror ghost movie and smash it into one and you get this movie . The story goes like this : a bunch of college kids get voice mails from their own phones that are foretelling their deaths . There 's some s * * * going on with ghosts , which if you 've seen any Asian ghost movie , is n't scary by now . This movie was quite upsetting because it 's very clichéd . It 's the same bullcrap , different movie.<br /><br />The acting was pretty good . Unfortunately the actors are put into a very Ring - esquire situation , so it 's nothing we have n't seen in the past . The two lead acts did a solid job though.<br /><br />As far as gore , there 's not much going on . We get a cool sequence that includes an arm twisting a head off ( I do n't know how else to explain that ) , but it was cut away so you do n't see anything except the final result . You see some blood at times , including decapitated arms and a zombie ( that looked really cool I might add ) , but this movie is n't too bloody.<br /><br />The scares in the movie are few and spread out , and it 's really not that scary . You 'll get some creepy images at times , but it 's not enough for me to consider scary . It 's nothing different from Ringu , Ju - On , or Dark Water , and none of those scared me either . That 's really the downfall of this ( and most Asian horror movies ) is that if it does n't deliver the scares then it 's just not that good.<br /><br />As far as directing , Takashi Miike still did a pretty good job . He seemed a little tamed in this movie compared to his past movies , but he still portrays a lot of his messed up style he 's become famous for . A lot of images were a lot like Miike ( including a scene with a bunch of jars of dead fetuses ) , and the last 15 - 20 minutes seemed far more Miike then the rest of the movie . Still , the movie is flawed by its unoriginality.<br /><br />I would recommend this only to people who are huge on Asian horror movies ( even if you are , I can recommend much better ) or big Miike fans . Warning to those who want to get into Miike , this is NOT his best work.<br /><br />I'm giving it a 4 because it 's just mediocre . Perhaps if this was released 4 or 5 years ago it might be worth a higher rating.<br /><br />Also , I 'd like to b * * * * about Asian horror movies real quick . How come if it 's an Asian horror movie it 's automatically suppose to be good over here ( US ) ? A LOT of these movies are the equivalent in Japan to what Scream , Urban Legends , and I Know What You Did Last Summer were over here in the 90 's . If you 've seen one you 've seen them all . And a lot of these movies rely way too much on scares and imagery that if it does n't deliver the scares they set out to do then they 're just not that good , and nothing would change that . More Asian horror films need to be more like Audition and A Tale of Two Sisters , two movies that if they do n't frighten or scare you , at least they have great stories , acting , direction , cinematography , and much more to back them up . Two movies that are n't just great horror movies , but great movies in general . More Asian horror movies need to be like these instead of the cliché , " A ghost just wanted to be found so it went around killing people through their phone / video tape / house / electric appliance / water pipes / google search engine / vibrator / groceries / etc . "
0 Acclaimed Japanese director Takashi Miike ca n't seem to get the wheels moving with this torpid thriller , an adaptation of Yasushi Akimoto 's book concerning an evil old woman ( and child abuser ! ) who is part of a new urban legend : if your cell - phone rings with a strange tone -- and you see the message ' One Missed Call'--you will replay the message only to hear your own final words before your death . Most successful part of the film is the trenchant satire of Reality TV cameras intruding on the future victims , but the not - so - elaborate deaths ( which include a hidden piece of red candy ! ) are disappointing and dispiriting . The frequent shots of ravaged dead bodies are actually displayed rather discreetly , and this overall politeness may be the reason why the film is ultimately so staid . Hollywood predictably jumped on the far - fetched plot in 2008 , yet the U.S. version fared no better . NO STARS from * * * *
0 One missed call , another Asian horror based on the cell phone . I recently rented a Korean horror film based on a cell phone called " Pon " . One Missed Call was just as boring as that one . Maybe phones just are n't scary or something , but this move was dull and drab . No tension or thrills for me , and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary . The movie dragged quite a bit in different parts , and felt too long . Did n't keep my attention . It seems phones are hard to make frightening , it 's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie . And it is ridiculous to compare this with " The Ring " , it seems every Asian horror movie is compared to it and so far I have n't seen any that measure up in the least . To horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device .
0 Is Miike like Chabrol , alternating art with dreck , sometimes confusing the two ? Does he match the fifty / fifty rate some claim for Chabrol ? Do we see here too much or too little Miike ? I do n't know . I do n't know . I do n't know . But I could easily fill ten lines just citing Chakushin ari 's ( One Missed Call 's ) steals , allusions , and clichés . Others here will hit on most of them , though not perhaps Ochiai 's Saimin ( Hypnosis ) for the sleazy telecast taunting things supernatural . Only once , when Yumi takes the zombie - like mother in her arms , did One Missed Call startle me a little.<br /><br />One other point of interest : Renji Ishibashi ( looks like Christopher Walken ) as the detective . Ishibashi in Audition 's abusive back story , and as Dead or Alive 's Boss Aoki of the vat of excrement drowning and more , may be the most convincingly evil character actor I 've ever seen . So here he 's a cop .
0 How many centuries will pass until the Japanese / Asian horror films abandon the long - haired ghost - woman shtick ? Admittedly , they 've managed to rip off " Ringu " a million times , and often it worked well - which just goes to show that originality is n't that much of a requirement in the horror genre ( or that I 'm very uncritical and easy to please ? ) . However , this time around I found myself a little restless , somewhat bored . It 's not a bad film , but it 's at least half - an - hour longer than it should be , with its absurd 110 minutes length . Compared to many other Japanese horror films , OMC lacks atmosphere and excitement . Plus , the ending is confusing : it makes no sense at all . As for the ring - tone : Miike could have come up with a melody that is more effective than that forgettable little thing . Even though it was played a dozen times I ca n't even remember it - that 's how scary it was . Speaking of Miike , for him this is something of a commercial venture , so if anyone thinks they might be getting perversion of the " Bijita Q " or " Audition " kind , they 're wasting their time .
0 this movie was fantastic great movie all through scary as hell . and i mean it freaked me out as much as pulse and IT and the omen etc . but with a great movie comes a crap ending right ? RIGHT ! this movies ending was pathetic stuff . i mean a ghost turned back time in a chicks house and it thinks now i have done that it means i can call her and it ll be the right time cause she thinks it is . right ? wrong . my ass ! i do n't care if the ghost is Satan , it just does n't happen . its a movie yes but most evil movies or praised movies like this are meant to make sense but it did n't . it just showed us what i just said and people do n't think anything of it . can someone please tell me why you all have n't noticed that pathetic part . the movie for me ended in the hospital and that is all . check out number 3 its much more kick ass
0 Clearly rips off Hideo Nakata 's Ringu ( Ring , 1998 ) and Hongurai Mizu no Soko Kara ( Dark Water , 2002 ) , with hints of Ju - On ( The Grudge , 2000 ) , but atrociously done gore ( a green corpse with red eyes ! ? ) weak story , and a weak theme ( I find it very difficult to find a picture message scary ) . There were two moments in this film that made me shudder , both involving an unexpected hand , and after Oodishon ( another Miike Takashi one , this one from 1999 ) had me tingling all over for hours after seeing it , and all of the films this steals from were actually scary , I ca n't see this film as anything other than a sell - out to the western popularity of the big Japanese horror films . Two out of ten .
0 This norwegian movie is so crap , the actors can not act cause they seems to be reading from a book and the story is so ( wannabe ) hollywood .. the only actor who did a ok job was Haavard Lilleheie .. 3/10 If you want a really good norwegian movie watch Buddy , great actors and a feelgood story 9/10
0 This romantic comedy is n't too bad . There are some funny things happening here and there , and there are some rather memorable characters in it.<br /><br />The acting , however , is amateurish ( with the exception of the banker ) . While some scenes are great fun , others are simply embarrassing . In particular , I found the " romantic " part of the story poor . < br /><br />All in all , I guess it 's worth seeing if you like football and romantic comedies . It 's not really a bad movie , and the ending did feel quite good . Just do n't expect anything out of the ordinary . Fair enough if you have an hour and a quarter to kill .
0 First of all , I firmly believe that Norwegian movies are continually getting better . From the tedious emotional films of the 70 's and 80 's , movies from this place actually started to contain a bit of humour . Imagine .. Actual comedies were made ! Movies were actually starting to get entertaining and funny , as opposed to long , dark , depressing and boring.<br /><br />During the 90 's and 00 's several really great movies were made by a ' new generation ' of filmmakers . Movie after movie were praised by critics and played loads of money . It became the norm!<br /><br />Then came United ... <br /><br />*MINOR SPOILERS * It 's just simply not funny . Not once . Not ever . But the thing is ... We THINK its funny . Because we 're used to norwegian movies to be funny . Especially with a cast like this with a few really funny comedians . But .. They neither say nor do anything funny ! Where 's the humor ? Show me the humor ! Is it the awkward clerk played by Harald Eia ? Is it the overacting totally ridiculously unrealistic football coach ? Is it the commentaries by Arne Scheie ? The movie is just not funny!<br /><br />But that s not my main rant about United . That namely is the predictability . ( And it is here I fear that norwegian comedies have come to a standstill since I have seen this in many other movies as well . ) All the time you just know its going to end well . All characters are exactly as they are presented in the start of the movie , and everybody gets exactly what they deserve in the end . There 's absolutely no room for surprises at all!<br /><br />All in all I can say that I sat with a bad feeling after seeing this movie . It was the one movie that made me realize that we probably need some new blood in norwegian movie making ... again!<br /><br />Rating : 1/6
0 I saw this recently on a faded old VHS tape , and remembered it dimly . Looking at it now , it seems charming.<br /><br />When it was first released , it was recognized by pretty much everyone as a spoof of coming out as a gay teenager . To hammer the point home , the mother is seen reading a paperback copy of " 1 Teenager In 10 " , the most popular coming out book of the time . David Warner hams it up as the persecuting vampire hunter [ = gay - hating evangelist ] , who is of course a self - loathing closet case . The list of sight gags and in - jokes that were included to make sure nobody missed the point would be too long to go into . The producers were having some good - natured fun , and hoping , no doubt , to lighten - up as well as to enlighten.<br /><br />But I have no clue how a teenage audience would look at this film , nowadays . In some places , where there is education and culture , the terrifying ordeals that gay teens had to go through are a thing of the past . But I 'm sure there are plenty of dark , nasty corners of our continent where it 's just as bad as it always was .
0 This is indeed quite the strange movie ... First , we have an ex - U.S .- gymnast trying to turn actor ( or something ) , and this seems to be the only role he ever got ( that I know of anyway ) -- and for good reason . While he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest , it is a rather bland and flat performance . Second , we have the WORST EVER sound effects ever used in a movie ! ! ! I 'm not kidding . This alone makes the movie extremely comical , but in that annoying way . hehe And third , while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast ( including the required hot chick ! ) , an actually not - so - bad story , and some cool visuals ; the dialogue , fight scenes involving gymnastics ( hilarious ! ) , and overall execution of the plot are weak . This movie would have been barely better as a network TV movie ( too bad Fox was n't around in 1985 ) . It 's one of those movies that 's simply bad , yet you ca n't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it , especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night TV and cable .
0 Gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made . But not the bad kind of bad movies . This one is so awful it 's fun to watch and laugh . Kurt Thomas clearly does not have a lucrative career in acting . He should go back to gymnastics . But who can forget such memorable scenes as the high bar with chalk , the stone pommel horse or the five minute chase scene through the village of the crazies in slow motion . I do n't think it was meant to be this bad , but who can tell . It 's not art , but if you want something lite and fluffy that will make a good conversation , rent gymakta . Makes for an evening of fun .
0 One night I was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and " Gymkata " happened to be on ; I watched way too much of it . It is indeed hilarious , and horrifying , really . Think about it this way -- if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this , how long exactly would you last ? Not as long as this movie . It 's a must - see , obviously .
0 This movie is hilarious . The problem is that it 's not a comedy . One classic scene involves Kurt Thomas just happening to find a pommel - horse in the middle of a village square ( which he uses to pummel the bad guys . ) Another is the trek into the " Village of Crazies . " Too bad this movie was n't made to be a farce , or it may have gotten better ratings .
0 Thank G_d it bombed , or we might get treated to such delights as " Skate Fu " where we can see the likes of Brian Boitano performing a triple lutz & slashing bad guys to ribbons with his razor - sharp skates , but I digress . One thing that could have helped this turkey would have been a little T & A from Ms. Agbayani . It 's not like the world would have seen anything new ( at least that part of the world who saw her Playboy spread . ) I truly believe that porn would have suited her ' talents ' much better , although Aubrey Hepburn could n't have stayed afloat in this sewer . One explanation for Kurt Thomas ' presence could be a traumatic brain injury , possibly from coming up short too often on dismounts . It 's a good thing the IOC was n't as diligent on ' doping ' as they are now , or Kurt would surely have been stripped of his medals . To be avoided at all costs .
0 This movie was God - awful , from conception to execution . The US needs to set up a " Star Wars " site in this remote country ? This is their premise ? The way to gain access , the US concludes , is to win an obstacle course like cross - country race , where the winner can ask anything of the leader . And who better to win this race known as the " Game " than a gymnast ? Of course ! A gymnast would be the perfect choice for this mission . And do n't forget that his father was an operative . Lucky for our hero , there happen to be gymnastic equipment in fortunate spots , like the stone pommel horse in the middle of a square ( for no reason ) amidst crazy town . Perfect.<br /><br />But above and beyond the horrible , HORIBBLE premise , is the awkward fumblings of the romantic scenes , the obviously highly depressed ninjas whose only job seems to be holding a flag to point out the race path , and the worst climax ever . After winning the race , our hero puts forth the wishes of the US government . And lo and behold , all the effort was worth it , because the US gets its " Star Wars " site ! Huzzah ! THIS IS YOUR TRIUMPHANT ENDING ? ! Wow.<br /><br />But still , being such a bad movie , it can be great fun to watch . The cover alone , depicting ninjas with machine guns , was enough to get me to rent this film.<br /><br />But if I were ever to meet Kurt Thomas ( the gymnast - star ) in real life , I would probably kick him in the face after a double somersault with 2 1/2 twists in the layout position .
0 Whew . What can be said about Gymkata that has n't already ? This is nothing but pure halarity from beginning to end . If you want a movie that will keep you on the floor laughing , this is the perfect movie to get . From Cabot 's wild - style mullet / sweater combo to Parmistan ( and it 's four billion assorted ninjas ) , everything about this film reeks of crap.<br /><br />Directed by Robert Clouse , the infamous mind that brought you the mirror scene in Bruce Lee 's Game of Death , he once again showcases his complete lack of directing talent . A few other faces you most likely wo n't recognize will appear for your enjoyment as well , from Buck Kartalian to Tadashi Yamashita , although you wo n't remember them or care about them after the movie is done.<br /><br />Supposedly based on a book called " The Terrible Game , " which , if I could find a single trace of it 's existence anywhere I would be interested in reading it , to see where this thing went wrong . Instead , the book apparently is a figment of Gymkata 's imagination . Probably something Clouse made up in order to sell his lame idea.<br /><br />Pick this one up and Yakmallah it for yourself . It is easily one of the best bad movies I have ever seen , and that is saying quite a bit .
0 Buck 's role as The Kahn brings to mind Bob Barker ( of The Price is right ) running a country the same way he runs his show . But there 's lots more to chuckle and snort through in this turkey . Kurt Thomas as the baby - faced " hero " displays some considerable acrobatic skills , but not a whit of acting talent whatsoever . There 's a few spooky moments ( in the Village of Crazies , mostly ) , and some mildly impressive martial arts sequences . But any given " Ninja " movie will give you much more entertainment , and you wo n't feel as guilty about laughing .
0 America needs the best man possible to win " The game " so who do they hire ? A gymnast ( Oh brother ! ) played by Kurt Thomas who has the necessary skills to win in a game which involves ninjas , a village of crazies and Richard Norton who is told by Kurt Thomas " to keep his hardware in his pants . " ( His exact words ) I missed this in theaters and it 's a good reason because I would have probably been kicked out due to the laughing I broke into at regular intervals . The first thing that went through my mind was just how lame these ninjas are if a gymnast can kick their ass . Kurt Thomas is like 5 foot 4 and he hardly strikes one as " The best man for the job " As to the acting talent of Kurt Thomas , well if you ca n't say something nice ... In all seriousness though one has to wonder how much cocaine was being used to furnish an idea so stupid . Only the decision to cast Tara Reid as a scientist tops the dumbness here . For 18 years though this held the title of the dumbest movie I had ever seen . Not to say I did n't find this unwatchable , I was laughing so hard I almost choked to death . Twice . Only in the 80 's could a movie with such a bad idea get made . Although for the record it is the only movie to ever feature a hero so wimpy , he ca n't even pull a wedged sword out from the ground . This is the wimpiest action movie ever made , and one of the most hilarious also.<br /><br / > * out of 4-(Bad )
0 If I could say it was better than Gymkata , I at least felt my money was not totally wasted.<br /><br />Then I saw Steven Segal 's On Deadly Ground.<br /><br />This movie should see a resurrection though on MST 3K. If Santa Claus Conquers the Martians could make Tom Servo 's head explode , one wonders what mayhem this movie could cause.<br /><br />There is a very good reason why Kurt Thomas never had a movie career.<br /><br />The writers of this dreck should be forced to wear placards every day of their lives that say " Bitch slap me ! I was a writer on Gymkata . "
0 Kurt Thomas stars as Jonathan Cabot some kind of a gymnast who trains for a special game which involves being hunted by a group of ninjas , but those ninjas wo n't stand a chance , especially since Cabot is a gymnast ! Taken as a whole Gymkata is one helluva bad movie , the atrocious acting , the god - awful script and really incompetent directing make the quality below human standards , however this movie is so terrible it becomes really , really funny . I mean with dialog such as " I know I 'll outsleep them ! " or " Ha ! , your through ! " only add to the mock value that Gymkata more then obtains . Besides it 's ( Wisely ) the only movie that has are hero a gymnast who finds things to swing on in the heat of the moment .
0 As a kid , my friends and I all believed that Gymkata was the most violent , bloody movie ever made . I 'm not sure who started that rumor . It was probably born out of the frustration of 10 year olds who were n't allowed to see it for one reason or other . Years after Gymkata was released , it became a perennial late night cable movie , and as a result , I 've been able to make up for lost time . I must have seen scenes from this dreadful excuse for a film over a dozen times , and I can always spot it from 1 - 2 seconds of screen time . However , aside from the forced coupling of gymnastics and martial arts , the bad dubbing , the stiff dialog , and the outrageously difficult story - line , the film has some things going for it . With all that 's bad about the movie visually , the sound is actually pretty entertaining . Never before has a punch or kick landed with so little force and so much volume ! The canned kung - fu sounds are cheeky , but the slowed and pitched - down music , and the nearly 5 minute slow motion scene are truly weird . The chase through the city of demented , blood - thirsty villagers is n't really tense as much as it is irritating , and there are enough bad wigs and extras who all but look into the camera and wave to make this train - wreck a little fun . Could it be headed for cult - classic status ? Where is MST3 K when we need it ?
0 Kurt Thomas in one of the series of gymnast olympic stars turned movie stars movies that mercifully only includes one other .. Mitch Gaylord in American Anthem ... at least that one had Janet Jones .. this one has ... um ... a gymnast using his martial arts and his gymnastic skills to save a european country from dictatorship .. sure it could happen .. on a scale of one to ten .. a 0
0 During the early 1980 's , Kurt Thomas was something of a hero in the United States . Inevitably , men in his position get offered film roles that exist solely to capitalize on that . I have no idea what Thomas was paid to make this film , but I would have to be paid a big heap of money to agree to make a national fool of myself in a motion picture . The film is obviously derived from " Enter The Dragon , " as are most martial arts pictures . Only instead of a real martial art , they concoct an absurd new martial art , accurately described by one critic as " a cross between Kung Fu and break dancing . " A gymnast ( Thomas , of course ) is hired to rescue some lady from an impenetrable fortress , yet every room has a prop that is exactly what Thomas needs to kick the assistant baddies . Of course , he fights his way to the lead villain , and of course they have a fancy - dancy fight , with an ending that will surprise only those who have never seen a marshal arts film . There are touches which nostalgic types will like , particularly the mullet haircuts of Thomas and many of the male co - stars have . But the only reason to watch this film is if you have a grudge against Kurt Thomas , who now wishes he had never set foot on the film set .
0 Judging from this film and THE STRONG MAN , made the same year , I would not place Harry Langdon at the top of the list of great silent screen comedians . There simply is not enough there . Perhaps he was on his way to developing his style but sabotaged himself by taking his first big successes too seriously . In any event , all of his tricks are reminiscent of the greater funny men , but he lacks the acrobatic skills of Keaton and the prodigious ingenuity of Lloyd . He also undermines his own persona by dressing and walking like Chaplin 's tramp character . His trademarks are childlike innocence , timidity of approach and a tendency to under - react to calamity by looking perplexed , batting his eyes or touching his pursed lips with the tip of his forefinger . The comedy in Langdon 's films results from fate throwing various obstacles in his path which he tries to overcome in wimpy or naïve ways or with a minimum of physicality , such as throwing rocks at an approaching tornado to drive it away , propping up a collapsing building with a two - by - four or dodging boulders by lifting a leg so that they roll under him . In this story , about the son of a shoemaker who joins a cross - country walking race to publicize a rival company 's footwear , he manages to win by sheer luck . There is nothing here that has n't been done far better by the Big Three .
0 This movie was boring ! < br /><br />Yes , there are a few funny moments and jokes , but you can not base a whole movie on that ! < br /><br />The characters are too stereotyped , there is no real story - but short episodes with freaky side - characters , who are not freaky enough to make the plot genuine.<br /><br />Shame , because most of the actors are acknowledged in Hungary , a mystery why they took the roles . < br /><br />This is * not * a new hope for the Hungarian film . It was boring , though it was meant to be genuine or unique . They could have tried much more harder than this ... 2 out of 10
0 As I am from Hungary I have heard many people saying better and better things about Üvegtigris so far , but actually I do n't understand the reason of all the fuss.<br /><br />I liked many points of the movie , some of the quotes really cheered me up , but the stereotyped characters are present again , like in every Hungarian film , and the story is also pretty dull . I liked the first half , but then I started to get bored , and then I found the whole film just BORING.<br /><br />Rudolf Péter is good as always , Reviczky is brilliant also , but the others are just there ... doing nothing.<br /><br />How many years still have to pass for a GOOD Hungarian film ? ? ?
0 For that matter one of the worst FILMS ever made . Plot goes as follows . Slog through jungle looking areas for 10 minutes or so . Have Bo go somewhere and strip . Slog through the jungle some more . Give Bo another excuse to strip . Back to the jungle . Oh look ! There 's a Tarzan looking guy ! Strip , Bo - strip . Kill the safari people . Tarzan looking guy has a fight scene . Saves Bo . Bo strips . Run credits . Run credits , run .
0 This is the best film the Derek couple has ever made and if you think this is a recommendation then you have n't seen any of the others . There are the usual ingredients : it is just as poorly acted as their other efforts , we can watch Bo disrobing or auditioning for wet T - shirt contests quite frequently , the story is just laughably idiotic , and the film takes itself much too seriously . And then : Orang Utans in Africa?<br /><br />But it has a few things going for it . Bo looks great , the production values ( sets , costumes , etc . ) are quite good , and this greatly enhances its camp value . In a strange way it is actually quite funny , simply because it tries to be serious and fails so badly .
0 It is a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us . But that should n't blind anybody to the fact that in 1981 , a pretty ugly blotch appears on both men 's CVs . No doubt John Derek conceived this movie doing for his wife what ' Some Like it Hot ' and ' One Million Years BC ' did for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh respectively , creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade . Having run to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in ' 10 ' Bo 's reputation , an all - star cast and location filming in Sri Lanka meant that nothing could go wrong . Alas , as they say , Mortals plan and God laughs . It is said that when this film premiered in 1981 , the Edgar Rice Burrows estate tried to take legal action against it . Bo Derek plays Jane Parker who sets off into turn - of - the century Africa to be reunited with her boozy , abusive Dad , Richard Harris . Daddy Parker is an explorer who has set out to find ' the Great Inland Sea ' the stuff of local legend , whose existence has been poo - pooed by conventional wisdom . Harris is worth watching for a wonderfully hammy , tanked -up performance which includes singing an Irish ditty at an Indian elephant that somehow found its way into Africa ( did it arrive at the same time as the Orang - Utan from Sumatra ? ? ? ) Furthermore , although Jane professes to despise Parker , Bo and Rich 's relationship is creepily incestuous , testimony perhaps to the effects of the tropical heat . Before long , however , local legends start to circulate about a ' Great White Ape ' and Jane hears the famous yodel . This is the movie 's cue for Miles O'Keefe , a future B - Movie star , making a rather odd debut as the loin - clothed Lord of the Jungle . Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely who speaks the language fluently , the O'Keefe Tarzan is mute . Given some of Bo and Richie 's dialog , though , this is probably not a bad thing . Harris and his caravan eventually reaches the Great Inland Sea , located atop a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across Africa .... hang on , are n't seas , lakes and other watery places generally located in low - lying areas ? ? Nevermind , it is just one of many anomalies in the John Derek universe . The crew attempt to mount the cliffs and when the ropes snap , Harris roars echoing abuse at the hapless men who have plummeted to their deaths . On another occasion , Jane decides to take a nude swim by the Inland Sea , giving another occasion to see some gratuitous nudity . Out of nowhere a single male lion appears . Now lions usually travel in prides and never go near beaches but later on , Tarzan will be wrestling with a ( venomous ) boa constrictor . Zoology does n't seem to have been one of John Derek 's strong points ..... This being a Tarzan movie , Jane becomes enchanted with the Lord of the Jungle and resolves to take his virginity . But having seen his closeness to some of those chimps , you do have to wonder ... Speaking of which , it 's not only the Edgar Rice Burroughs estate could have sued . It is highly probable that certain primates were on the phone to their lawyers : the chimps here make you miss Cheeta badly . Especially when they do ridiculous things like ride on the backs of elephants and clap their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get it on ! The climax of this film has Bo and Harris captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / execute her . Suffice is to say that The Great Wooden Ape gets his girl and * SPOILER * Harris gets himself impaled on a huge elephant tusk ! This does n't stop the dying Parker from delivering a rambling monologue to Jane . As far as I am aware , the law suit from the Rice Burrows estate never materialized but ' Tarzan the Ape Man ' was crucified at the box office ( no kidding ? ) A pity . John Derek could have directed ' Tarzan the Ape Man 2 ' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as ' Boy . '
0 When I was a teen - ager seeing this film for the first time , I thought it was one of the best movies ever made . Of course , the reason for that is Bo Derek and her various states of undress in this film . However , now that I 'm older , I can honestly say that this film is awful . Mind you , Bo Derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful , and she and husband - director John Derek make sure you see plenty of her . But when you take that aspect out of the film , it becomes one big dull ride . And Tarzan , well , he 's all muscular like you think he should be , but when he sees Jane ( that 's Bo , of course ) for the first time , he does n't know what to think . This despite the fact that Bo is wearing a wet see - thru shirt , with her breast prominently displayed . Tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem . If you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body , then this might fill the ticket . If you are looking for a thoughtful , entertaining and worth - while film , go elsewhere ... almost anywhere else at that ! ! !
0 Surely one of the most ill - advised remakes of a classic in film history – especially since the promise of its tag - line , “ The most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time ” , is n’t even properly exploited ! Although this film was regularly shown on TV in my neck of the woods since my childhood days , its notoriety ( for awfulness not erotic content , mind you ) kept me away from it until now – and I only relented because I have recently enjoyed Bo Derek ’s previous film , 10 ( 1979 ) , and have been watching a lot of fantasy stuff as well over the Christmas period.<br /><br />Lead actress / producer Bo Derek is rather ridiculous playing the schoolgirl - ish sexual innocent ( witness the inept banana scene ) and , as was to be expected , she is made to get her clothes off a few times but , as welcome as these scenes were , she came off as far more sensual in 10 than she does here ; Richard Harris , then , chews the scenery incessantly as Jane ’s obsessed explorer father , but John Philip Law barely registers as his aide who meekly shows some initial interest in Jane herself ; newcomer Miles O’Keeffe has the title role and he only makes his entrance 45 minutes into the movie , is completely silent throughout except for his famous yodel ( which is probably lifted from Johnny Weissmuller anyway ! ) and , furthermore , is as inexpressive as one of the trees he dangles from at regular intervals throughout the film ’s second half ! ; for the record , he later starred in two ATOR movies ( or would - be CONAN imitators ) for Joe D’Amato and the King Arthur - era set , SWORD OF THE VALIANT ( 1984).<br /><br />When still an actor , director John Derek ( who also serves as his own cinematographer here ) had worked with some good film - makers ( Cecil B. De Mille , William Dieterle and Robert Rossen ) and a few great ones ( Otto Preminger , Nicholas Ray and Don Siegel ) but he clearly learned zilch from them as his direction of this one is a major liability : appallingly pretentious at times ( witness the perfectly horrid python attack sequence ) with a senseless overuse of the slow motion technique and cheesy transitions ; this was Derek ’s seventh film as a director ( and his second of four with wife Bo ) and , eventually , he would only get to make two more.<br /><br />The film ’s utter failure only needs to be gauged by the fact that the Tarzan legend was tackled once more on film – in GREYSTOKE : THE LEGEND OF TARZAN , LORD OF THE APES ( which , surprisingly enough , I have n’t watched myself yet ) – a mere three years later ! ! Nominated for six Razzie Awards ( including John Derek , Richard Harris and Miles O’Keeffe ) and winning one for Bo Derek herself , TARZAN , THE APE MAN was co - written by Gary Goddard , the future director of another highly anticipated but ultimately disappointing transposition to the silver screen of a ( this time animated ) heroic figure , MASTER OF THE UNIVERSE ( 1987 ) which I will be revisiting presently as well ( yay ) ! Despite a charming closing credit sequence showing Tarzan and Jane playing with around with an orang - utan and a music score that is not half bad actually and quite rousing on occasion , any belated good intentions are defeated by an extremely silly climax involving natives painting Bo completely white and , fatally , John Derek ’s clear disinterest in the character of Tarzan himself which makes him come off as an unimportant supporting character in his own self - titled movie ! !
0 This is a re - imagining of Tarzan in the era of the Soloflex and Apocalypse Now . There 's nothing inherently wrong with using films eased moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the Tarzan legend . There 's nothing inherently wrong with the premise that Tarzan does n't speak . There 's plenty wrong with suggesting a woman who could get herself to an African jungle in 1910 , could be this offensively stupid and plastic . Bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are explored because this movie is merely a video - centerfold , as neutral as possible so that you can project yourself and your lecherous fantasies into the project . If it succeeds anywhere it 's in the implication that National Geographic has influenced the way the imagery of a Tarzan movie might be constructed.<br /><br />It would be ridiculous to argue that movies should n't employ the sexual tease as ONE of many tools to draw in viewers . Some really great film moments incorporate it . But this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum - the tease is the only thing going on here ; at the time of its release and now . You sit through awful , dumb scenes that offer no interest , and miles of footage of bad acting to drool over the next peek at either of two bodies . Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful ( um , congratulations on having a working libido . ) but if that 's your excuse for giving this schlock a good rating you really should visit a porn store and stock up . There 's only a hairs - breadth difference between the two formats and ( I 'm just guessing here ) a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter . The question is whether a mainstream movie is the best venue in the marketplace for viewers to seek out products that satisfy lust alone.<br /><br />As a showman , John Derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed over wife Bo in the movie " 10 " ; and created a media event out of a shallow project whose only merit was the hotness of the two leads . The movie itself was beside the point . He was about 20 years ahead of his time in thinking audiences would applaud him for making an insipid , shallow movie that was only about showcasing superficiality.<br /><br />As a director , John Derek appears to require only that Mrs. Derek look pleasant , empty and hump - able in every scene . It 's hideously shot . The camera placement is annoying . In terms of editing , the entire ' wipe ' catalog is exhausted . The credit sequence is garish . And it 's a toss - up as to who commits the worse screen offense ; Bo Derek who 's such a bimbo that she ca n't even figure out how to play a bimbo , or Richard Harris who shouts every line ( as he likes to do ) until you want to shoot him . At least with Bo you can imagine her blaming some horny writer for shortchanging her .
0 there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap , the boring , and the tasteless . the only really bad movies are boring and tasteless . < br /><br />boring films are just , well , boring - if you do n't leave quickly enough , you fall asleep.<br /><br />tasteless films actually have their defenders ; but the fact remains that they are masturbatory aids for very sick people.<br /><br />only the cheap bad films are really funny , because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperately , they way - over - reached beyond their abilities and available resources.<br /><br />Bo Derek is just naturally boring and tasteless ; fortunately , fate and a lack of funds and skill redeem her by making her seem cheap as well . this film is hilarious and it may well be the last really funny - bad film ever made.<br /><br />i first saw this in a theater , may god forgive me ; i was laughing so hard i was rolling off my seat , and so too with most of the rest of the audience.<br /><br />it 's clear that Derek and her husband - promoter , conceived of this film as , partly , a satire ; unfortunately , the dereks clearly lacked any of the necessary resources to pull that off ; consequently , the ' satirical ' element comes off as some school - girl 's impression of some gay young man 's impression of frank gorshin 's impression of the riddler in batman trying to pretend he 's robin - it does n't fly over our heads , it has no clue where any human head might be.<br /><br />on the other hand , there are some supposedly serious moments in this film - it is supposed to be an action film , remember - that are so astoundingly cheesy , one wonders if someone squirted spoiled milk in one 's eye.<br /><br />as for Derek 's infamous tendency to reveal her breasts - i ca n't imagine a less erotic nudity photographic display , she is so weird looking with those broad shoulders , i ca n't imagine what any one ever saw in her.<br /><br />as for the plot - such as it is - well , it is n't ; Derek chases around Africa , and god alone knows why . then her father - Harris - pretends to act in some maniacal puppet - show , and then of course there 's the hunk'o'Tarzan that seems to have wondered in from advertisement without knowing that the subject 's changed - probably because he has n't seen a script - apparently no one has.<br /><br />negligible camera work , shoddy editing - if it were n't for the 3-way with the chimp , the film would be unbearable -<br /><br />as it is , it 's a real hoot .
0 Muscular man - ape in the jungles of Africa is hunted by an opportunistic expedition team ; the comely daughter of the team 's leader finds him first . Much - ballyhooed version of the Tarzan tale has an OK production , but is crippled by the single - handedly worst direction of a film I have ever seen . John Derek is bereft of inspiration beyond cheesy slow - motion action shots and peek - a - boo glimpses of wife Bo Derek 's unclothed body ; he has about as much talent behind the camera as Ed Wood . Trying for tongue - in - cheek sexuality , the Dereks lack finesse , snappy timing , and taste . They have a sense of self - parody and bravura abandonment ( they do throw caution to the winds ) , but after a promising opening it all goes to hell . Miles O'Keeffe ( who possibly had marbles in his mouth the entire time ) has the title role , but plays third fiddle to John Derek 's ego and Bo Derek 's sense of self - importance . * from * * * *
0 This is not a very good telling of the Tarzan epic . There was only one reason for this movie . John Derek wanted to show off his beautiful wife in the buff ! Bo Derek in ' 10 ' was at least a humorous movie and there was a reason for nudity and sex . This movie is nothing more than soft porn . If you 're into that , well , then fast forward to it and skip the rest ! This movie ( like Bolero ) was again a vehicle for Bo Derek to show off her terrible acting . She is undoubtedly a beautiful woman but a poster of her is more exciting than this movie ! Richard Harris was a better actor than this ; this was one of his few mistakes ! do n't waste your time on this movie ... go buy the book instead .
0 I ca n't say this is the worst movie ever made , but personally I think of it that way because when it was originally released in theaters , ( 1 ) the initial buzz was positive enough that my girlfriend insisted we go see it , and we actually STOOD IN LINE to get tickets , and ( 2 ) it 's still the only " serious " film I recall where the audience started snickering at a certain point and basically laughed at the movie the rest of the way through . Once we reached the infamous ( and interminable ) snake fight scene , I think everyone gave up.<br /><br />The only positive I can concede is the lush location shooting . Oh , and there 's also Bo 's breasts , although her acting is so wooden that the nudity is unerotic and does n't rate much more than a Playboy pictorial.<br /><br />The " dramatic tension " in this film is between Bo 's terrible acting and her husband 's horrible direction . The snake fight has to be one of the most incompetent " action " sequences ever filmed . However , this is one of those films that 's bad enough , it may be worth watching on the level of unintentional humor . Definitely the worst film I ever paid to see .
0 Bo Derek might have had a career had she not let her late husband , John , take over as her director . It 's a real shame , no really , with the right direction and the right part ( see " 10 " ) , Bo was okay . She would n't win any awards even at her best , but she is no worse than many an actress who has made it big in the past 15 years or so based on looks alone . But therein lay the problem , John was determined to ride the wave that Bo created with her appearance in 10 , that of Bo being the " perfect 10 , " " the hottest woman in America , " " the sex symbol of the 1980s . " Problem is , in John 's hands , this wave crashed with a resounding thud in only a few year 's time . Maybe he knew her limitations as an actress , perhaps that is why he fashioned movies for her that concentrated on her body , not her acting skills . But it got old real quick . It did n't help matters any that the films of John and Bo Derek are ( let 's be honest ) really , really bad . And bad sums up their take on Edgar Rice Burrough 's literary icon , the Lord of the Jungle , Tarzan of the Apes.<br /><br />You know what 's worst ? This film is boring ! Make me laugh , make me cry , just do n't bore me . Not even Bo 's stunning looks and figure can rouse any interest , and that is what the film is of course built around . Richard Harris ( God bless his soul , he and Bo were previously in Orca btw ) hams it up and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes a physically impressive Tarzan . Maybe he got the last laugh , after being hit with a ton of venom from the critics over this film , Miles went on to a solid career as a B movie icon , in films that were not great art , but a million times more fun than this one . But other than that , it 's Bo 's body , and you can only see it so many times before you long for something else to go with it . Tarzan the Ape Man has nothing else . John Derek was a truly dynamic actor , he was not a director . He should have stayed with his strength . This film unfolds at a mind numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes . Burrough 's Tarzan was all about excitement and wish fulfillment ( who would n't want to be as agile , strong and good looking as Lord Greystoke ? ) and fun ! You get none of that here . Watch it , and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life . On second thought , you may come away with a valuable lesson , how not to handle someone 's movie career . < br /><br />Bo Derek is all right in my book though . She stood by John until his dying day , has a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle at her time in the spotlight . She has also proven that she is not the dumb blonde many want her to make her out to be . If she could survive Tarzan and Bolero , she can survive anything . So come back Bo , all is forgiven.<br /><br />And as an aside , is the Steve Strong who plays the bad guy the same Steve Strong who a brief pro wrestling career ?
0 The character of Tarzan has been subjected to so many clichés , and so many bad interpretations , that those who are hoping for a different kind of version ( people like me , I mean , who liked the Tarzan books as a kid and have always wished for a movie version that followed the books just a little ) ought to know how the recent renditions stack up . Some of the IMDb reviews address this point , but here 's my $ .02<br /><br />I am aware of only two -- count ' em -- cinema depictions of Tarzan , namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the Disney animated version , that try to depict Edgar Rice Burrough 's rather interesting character ( the son of a marooned English noble couple , picked up after their death by a tribe of apes who raise him as one of themselves , and who becomes " lord of the jungle " because of his superior human intellect before making it back to England and claiming his other identity ) rather than the usual Hollywood jungle - man whose origin remains obscure and whose trademarks are his famous yell , his mysterious inability to speak proper English despite long exposure to people who know the language , his habit of swinging on vines , his strength , heroism , etc . About the only thing these two characters have in common are the name Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane . Ron Ely 's TV version is something of a compromise : Like Burroughs ' character , he speaks good English and is adept and suave in both cultures in a sort of JamesBondish way , but he 's no Lord Greystoke and there 's no Jane.<br /><br />Well , this film is in a third category of Tarzan films , and I hope it remains a category of one because it 's awful . This category uses the character as a vehicle for , of all things , soft porn . Jane , played by legendarily bad actress Bo Derek is in Africa looking for her dad the absent - minded professor who is combing the jungle looking for something which is never specified . Though her dad is supposed to have been missing for a long time , she finds him effortlessly . Richard Harris as the dad is the best thing here ; he sees the film is stupid so he has fun overacting and hamming in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole 's deliberately silly performance in What 's New Pussycat . Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ( " some sort of ghost or spirit " he says -- either a steal from , or an inartistic attempt at homage to , King Kong ) to his daughter , who is at this point unfamiliar with the ape - man . Shortly afterward , we hear the infamous cliché of the Tarzan yell . Dad dies , which oddly does n't seem to faze his devoted daughter very much . And then ..... <br /><br />Then Tarzan appears , but says nothing . Indeed , he says nothing during the entire film . He and Jane fall in love , and they romp around wearing almost nothing as she recites doggerel love - poetry off - screen . The End . That 's the plot . < br /><br />Well , not exactly ; there 's also a scene where Tarzan wrestles unrealistically with a boa constrictor -- a most unusual boa , since it 's the only poisonous one ever seen . Jane treats the bite with the aid of a chimp who helps by wringing out the garment she tears off to bind the wound with ( I 'm not making this up ! ) , and this is only one of many excuses for her to take her clothes off.<br /><br />I always like to conclude a review by saying something positive , but this time it 's hard . Let 's see ... well , it 's unfair to criticize this film for featuring an orangutan , even though we all know orangutans do n't live in Africa ; after all , the classic Tarzan movies all used Indian elephants , did they not ? Also , you have to admit that Bo Derek is pretty in face and form . ( But in that case why the hell did n't she just make a career as an art model ? What does it say about a movie when it becomes plain boring to look at a pretty woman ? I actually have n't decided whether it 's a positive or a negative that they never showed her crotch . ) But now I realize : try as I may , I ca n't end on a positive note . < br /><br />See this film if you 're a bad film buff . I 'm outa here .
0 Because that 's all she does through out this whole movie , is get naked for no good reason . When Tarzan is bitten by a snake , she suddenly removes her clothes . Since when is a boa constrictor poisonous?How did Tarzan get poisoned by the way ? This whole movie is screwed up . They could n't get the species of animals for this movie right . Whats an Orangutang doing hanging around those chimpanzees?He must have wandered off the set of a much better film . The group of cannibal tribe 's men look caucasin . Why?And why was Bo and her dad painted , if they were going to be eaten later?It was probably just a lame excuse to show her breasts and curves again . Her dad while hunting , approaches and acts stupidly around a bull elephant while standing too close to it . Any real African bull elephant that was n't from the circus , would've stomped this moron 's butt . Any smart hunter would 've started shooting the minute he saw it . And I ca n't help but wonder if the camera was on LSD , because it kept showing various scenes that went in slow motion , for no good reason . It did n't make good sense at all . The boa constrictor that Tarzan wrestled with in the water , looks like one of those 12 Ft rubber snakes you can buy at a local Spencer Gifts . Tarzan was strangly speechless in this film , maybe from Bo flashing herself so much . I'm sorry , but this is a rip off of a classic Black and White Tarzan movie , with a similar but better story . Not To mention plotting .There 's one scene in that I saw that everyone forgot to mention.*(SPOILERS ALERT)*The scene where he is trying to rescue Jane and her dad , has him standing too close to a running water spout . It made it seem like he 's urinating on someone below him . Eww!Also , him and Jane are fooling around on a beach , with perverted monkeys jumping and clapping . She sure did take her dad 's death real well.*(END OF SPOILERS)*There should be a Surgeon General 's Warning on this film . That seeing Bo naked too much in this movie , will make you go blind .
0 I screamed my head off because seeing this movie was my first movie going experience ever at some 13 months old . I remember it being incredibly bloody and it made me angry . I watched it again on tv a few years ago . Big mistake -- the acting is wooden , the plot non - existent and the movie lacks merit unless 23 year - old T & A is what gets you going ... 0/ * * * *
0 I was thirteen years old , when I saw this movie . I expected a lot of action . Since Escape From New York was 16-rated in Germany I entered the movie as fallback . It was so boring . Afterwards I realized that this was just crap where a husband exhibits his wife . I mean today you do this via internet and you pay for instant access . It is more then 20 years ago , but I am still angry that I waste my time with this film . This is a soft - porno for schoolboys . Undressing Bo Derek and painting her with color - nice . But then they should named the film Undressing Bo and painting her .
0 Bo Derek will not go down in history as a great actress . On the other hand , starting in the 1980s , actual acting talent seemed to be less and less of a required ability in Hollywood , so Bo could very well have gone onto bigger and better things after the big box office take of Blake Edwards ' " 10 . " That is if she had n't allowed her husband , John Derek , to take over her career . Numerous Playboy spreads and bad movies like this one ( this one in particular ) directed by John destroyed what momentum she had and made her the butt of many a joke . In the 1980s it was assumed that you could put a certain personality in a certain movie and it would be box office gold . John figured that putting Bo in a movie wherein she was nude for much of the running time would make people flock to the theaters after the 10 hype . Maybe if the movie had been any good perhaps . This version of Tarzan has got to be the all time worst of the many iterpretations of Burrough 's lord of the jungle , a slap in the face to character 's book and film legacy . Tarzan is in fact an after thought as the film is primarily a vehicle for Bo 's breasts and Richard Harris ' wonderful over acting ( remember , the pair had worked together in Orca ) . His scenery chewing helps you to stay awake during the boredom of it all and yes , the film is quite boring . Nothing really exciting happens and the few action scenes seem to have been shot by someone in a trance . Bo 's body can only get you so far . Miles O'Keeffe who played Tarzan at least would go onto a long and enjoyable B movie career and Richard Harris can put this behind him after his recent acting triumphs , but Bo and John Derek never recovered from this fiasco and future collaborations between the two only served to show why his directing career and her acting career died in the first place.<br /><br />And how did the orangutan get to Africa ?
0 Bo is Jane Parker , whose long - lost anthropologist father ( Richard Harris , in the worst role of a very inconsistent career ) is in Africa studying something or another . She tracks him down ( how ? ) and he tells her of the natives ' stories of a giant monster whose nightly howling can be heard throughout the jungle . Turns out to be the Ape Man himself ( Miles O'Keeffe , who has the film 's best dialogue ) , who rescues her from bad guys and falls in love with her , leaving them just enough time in this agonizing two hours to romp naked while a horny monkey looks on and cheers . Normally I 'm very open - minded to varying opinions about any film , but this is the sole exception . This is the worst film ever made . If you do n't agree , you have n't seen it . ( Notes : Newsday called it " unendurable , " which is the best one - word summary I can think of . The Maltin Movie Guide comments that they almost had to think of a rating lower than BOMB . )
0 I wanted to vote zero or lower . I loved the commentary . It IS the worst movie ever made and ' unendurable ' is the perfect word for it , unless there is something worse that Roget never thought of . I am also at a loss to think of anything negative enough to accurately describe Bo Derek . The best that could be said of her is , she 's consistent .
0 Tarzan the Ape Man is a remake of the 1932 film of the same time , and like that earlier film , it has little resemblance to Burroughs ' literary character . But while the 1932 Tarzan was reduced to " Tarzan - Jane " speech , this Tarzan , played by Miles O'Keeffe , does n't speak or even grunt . He does do the the Tarzan yell a couple of times , which sounds like it was sampled from the earlier film.<br /><br />No , Tarzan plays second banana to Bo Derek as Jane . Or rather , as third banana to Bo Derek 's left breast and her right breast . This movie has no point but to show Derek naked.<br /><br />The two action scenes in the film are presented in slow motion , and are really bad . More evidence that no one cared.<br /><br />Bizarrely enough , Tarzan has an orangutan side kick in this film . Maybe he car pooled in from Sumatra with the Indian elephants that are also on display .
0 The only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity . Funny thing is none of the audience around us seemed to mind -- we all joined in.<br /><br />This movie is soooo bad , its only potential is to become a midnight cult movie that people can invent lines and throw popcorn at .
0 This was just horrible the plot was just OK , but the rest of the was was bad . I mean come on puppet and then they even tried to make the movie digital and that made it even worse ! Normally I would like low - budget movie but this was just a waste of time and almost made me want to return the set that it came on . I have about ten low - budget movie set with like 6 - 8 movies on them and I would have to say this is the worse movie out of all of them . Also the wording is off and they use a fake plastic machetes that does n't even look like a real one , they could of used one that looked even a little close to a real one so save your time and money and do n't watch this horrorible movie .
0 If you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie , then I highly recommend this one . If you are n't , stay away . This is an astonishingly cheap - looking movie , and at times you may find yourself wondering if it is n't just a prank someone is pulling on you . The most positive comment I can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super - low - budget nonsense , so there is at least a sense of fun here.<br /><br />But this is as amateurish as it gets . Their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads . It 's obviously not meant to be taken seriously ( to say the least ) , but even with that disclaimer you 'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all . Or laughing out loud frequently , as I did .
0 " Fungicide " is quite possibly the most incompetent , embarrassing , pitiful " film " I have ever seen . The acting is criminal , the direction practically non - existent , and the special effects presumably put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a defenceless laptop computer.<br /><br />Far be it from me to stifle creativity , but I actually believe things like this should n't be made . I am sure the " film "- makers will say that , yes , the " film " was hampered by a low ( as in nothing ) budget - but in that case they just really should n't have bothered . As it is , they have offered the world something so dire , so execrable , that only imbeciles could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it.<br /><br />Starting the " movie " it was n't as though I was expecting " Citizen Kane " or anything . I was expecting a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness , a hint of fun , and even some energy . What I got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief.<br /><br />The plot ? Well , our leering antihero scientist , who works in his parents ' basement , is seen manically stirring some goo in a cup . Apparently , such high - level science is the end - result of years of research . His parents then send him off to a strange hotel - type place in the countryside to relax . There are some other people there , who are simply too awful to write about . Anyway , the scientist drops his test - tube onto some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people . ( Wow , I 'm getting suicidal just writing the plot summary ) . Our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar ( by attaching a " fuse " - really a piece of string - to it ) . The barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon , destroying all the mushrooms . The end . ( Thank goodness).<br /><br />That summary is as good as the " film " gets ( and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is ) . It really should never have got past this stage of development ( by which I mean a plot outline scribbled on the back of an envelope with crayons ) . Somebody should have really stepped in and given someone a vigorous shake and said " NO . " < br /><br />And those " special " effects . Well , they 're " special " all right . This is CGI gone crazy . And done by a person who I can only assume believes the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology . And when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package , they are represented by actors shuffling along covered in a sheet ( I kid you not).<br /><br />One of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness . This can be summed up by the scene in which the hero spins his guns ( a la Clint Eastwood ) and then fails miserably to get them in his pockets . I mean come on , a couple of retakes and he could have pulled it off , but just to leave it as it is - really weak.<br /><br />I can not believe money was spent on this camcorder - shot rubbish . The " film "- makers should hang their heads in shame and be banned from going within fifty metres of any movie - making equipment.<br /><br />I also think it 's wrong that friends and family of the makers come onto IMDb and post mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings which give a totally inaccurate picture of the " movie . " " Fungicide " is an absolute travesty of film - making . Mr Wascavage is either very , very stupid or very , very cynical .
0 To be honest , i 'm surprised by the positive votes that this film has received . The movie just drags along its 81 minute life span , and the audience has to suffer the whole way through . Actually there are some positive moments in this film ; Charlie Spradling gives a decent performance . She is given some pretty pathetic dialogue and she handles it pretty well . Scott Valentine(Merrideth 's boyfriend in Family Ties ) , on the other hand , is a pretty rough watch . I guess the highlight of his performance is witnessing the guy laying on the beach wearing tiger - patterned chummies .... give me a break . Also , Valentine gives us a boorish and pathetic portrayal of a suffering vampire who misses the day(to see a much more convincing rendition of the suffering vampire see Denice Duff in " Bloodstorm : Subspecies 4 " ) . The movie moves so slow and is only positively punctuated by , and to be honest , Charlie Spradling 's dance scenes . This movie can honestly only be recommended to the die hard fans of Charlie Spradling ( which i am , and i still had a rough time watching it ! ) .
0 This movie features Charlie Spradling dancing in a strip club . Beyond that , it features a truly bad script with dull , unrealistic dialogue . That it got as many positive votes suggests some people may be joking .
0 Almost a two - person play , and as such the dialog and the performances of the leads will be important . Neither are particularly good . This might have been stronger , in fact , if it had first been crafted as a two - person play , and then worked into a film.<br /><br />Anyway , a twitchy vampire who seems slightly autistic becomes infatuated with a stripper ( as a result of watching too much porn in his crappy home ) . He wants to have her tell him about the daylight . He would have been better off finding someone with a day job , or someone who excels at painting a picture with words like a poet , but then they might not have a hot bod.<br /><br />After he gets her to do whatever he wants ( and he 's not terribly good at it ) , he intends to feed on her at 6 AM , at which point the sun rises . Much is made of that deadline , despite the fact that he also says that he can go without feeding , it will just make him hungrier . Additionally , he claims he ca n't let the stripper go , since she knows about him , but he lets a number of other people go who learn what he is . There are a lot of inconsistencies.<br /><br />Why this vampire chooses to live in a house so poorly boarded up that light from streetlamps and neighboring buildings pours in as if it were daytime , I 'm not sure . With all the time in the world , you 'd think he 'd have done a better job , or fixed the place up a bit . He 's clearly not a wealthy vampire.<br /><br />This is supposedly a remake , and I 'm curious to see the original version of this , Dance of the Damned . Although , that was directed by Katt Shea , and the other films she directed for Corman ( Stripped to Kill , StK II ) were pretty bad .
0 Effort aside ( This is n't a review about good intentions , its about the final product ) , this film is poorly written , overacted , and poorly directed . The story obviously had potential , but that story is nowhere present in this film.<br /><br />Clara Barton was a human being . She had passions , desires , love , pain , embarrassment , weakness , and self doubt just like the rest of us . You would never know that from this film of the lead actress 's performance . In fact apply that to every character in the film , but in Barton 's case : Every sentence is a speech . An epic over the top speech as though from an inhuman robot . In fact the only scene that plays well in one in the board meeting , and I realized that s because she 's making a speech ! Every idea she has is unbelievable in its context and she comes up with ideas that sound like they take a lifetime of soul searching right on the spot . For example , when she sees a wounded man , she 'll start pontificating about the needs of the battlefield and to protect soldiers and putting up white flags , etc . As played in the film , there 's no WAY she could come up with such a detailed well thought out idea in seconds.<br /><br />IN conclusion , this film robs Clara Barton of her struggles . It robs her of her humanity , and it inherently cheapens all she did because the script is written in clichés . The writer does n't know Clara Barton , and seems to have based his script on an encyclopedia Britannica article . ( yes they had those back then ) But hey , nice Technicolor ! ( who cares )
0 This was a less than exciting short film I saw between features on Turner Classic Movies recently . While the film popped out due to its very intense Technicolor , the film itself just was n't that moving and at times the plot looked pretty cheesy -- like this was made for classroom use and capturing the attention of a wider audience WASN'T even a consideration . In particular , I really hated how many times in the film things were reiterated -- such as when the characters talked to her , they usually said " Clara Barton " instead of " ma'am " , " Miss Barton " or " Clara " . Plus , one sickly confederate soldier said that he was a " Johnny Reb , A Confederate a Rebel ,..."-- almost like he was the cartoon character Mojo Jojo from the Powerpuff Girls . This was just sloppy writing -- period.<br /><br />It was interesting to see John Hamilton ( later , " Perry White " on the SUPERMAN TV show ) in a beard as President Garfield . Yep -- it 's him under that beard .
0 Scotty ( Grant Cramer , who would go on to star in the great B - movie " Killer Klowns from outer space " ) agrees to help three middle - aged guys learn how to ' dialog ' the ladies in this bad ' 80 's comedy . Not bad as in ' 80 's lingo , which meant good . Bad as in bad . With no likable characters , including , but not limited to , a kid who 's the freakiest looking guy since " Friday the 13th part 2 " ' a girl who leads men on and then goes into hissy fits when they want to touch her , and the token fat slob , because after all what would an ' 80 's sex comedy be without a fat slob ? ? Well this one has two . This movie is pretty much the bottom of the barrel of ' 80 's sex comedies . And then came the sequel thus deepening said proverbial barrel.<br /><br />My Grade : D- < br /><br />Eye Candy : too numerous to count , you even see the freaky looking kid imagined with boobs at on point , think " Bachlor Party " but not as funny , and VERY disturbing.<br /><br />Where I saw it : Comcast Moviepass
0 Back in 1985 I caught this thing ( I ca n't even call it a movie ) on cable . I was in college and I was with a high school friend whose hormones were raging out of control . I figured out early on that this was hopeless . Stupid script ( a bunch of old guys hiring some young guys to show them how to score with women ) , bad acting ( with one exception ) and pathetic jokes . The plentiful female nudity here kept my friend happy for a while -- but even he was bored after 30 minutes in . Remember -- this was a HIGH SCHOOL BOY ! This was back before nudity was so easy to get to by the Internet and such . We kept watching hoping for something interesting or funny but that never happened . The funniest thing about this was the original ad campaign in which the studio admitted this film was crap ! ( One poster had a fictional review that said , " This is the best movie I 've seen this afternoon ! " ) . Only Grant Cramer in the lead showed any talent and has actually gone on to a career in the business . No - budget and boring t&a . Skip it .
0 Sometimes a film comes along that is unique . The Nostril Picker is one such film , The Nostril Picker is like no other film I have ever seen , unfortunately for The Nostril Picker & myself it 's unique for different reasons than what the filmmakers had originally intended . Read on & all shall hopefully become clear ... The Nostril Picker , as it 's commonly know although it was apparently filmed under the title The Changer , starts with some extremely dull shots of an American town somewhere , streets & factory 's that sort of thing , as the opening credits play . When The Nostril Picker begins proper we , the viewer that is , are introduced to a real loser named Joe Bukowski ( Carl Zschering ) who is in his 40 's , he lives on his own in a crappy little apartment where he watches T.V. , eats beef flavoured dog food & listens to old vinyl records as he dances with a blow up rubber sex doll . Joe likes teenage girls , he has various porn magazines but enjoys the real thing even more . However , being an ugly git Joe ca n't tempt any young ladies to go out with him , or do anything else with him for that matter . One fateful day an old homeless Vietnam vet ( Horace Grimm ) sees the agony & pain that Joe has to go through ( actually he sees Joe being spoken to by the cops for hassling a teenage girl ) & decides to help him out . He tells Joe about an incantation that he learned from the ' gooks ' in Vietnam that will transform Joe 's appearance into whatever he likes . A process he calls morphosynthesis , but at the same time he warns Joe that ' it makes you crazy if you do it too much ' . That night Joe decides to give it a try , in a public place on a podium for some reason . Joe says a few words , does an extremely silly dance & starts yodelling . Joe finishes off by whistling London Bridge is Falling Down , listen yeah , I ai n't making this up either . At first Joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens . To console himself Joe tries to buy a porn mag but is shocked when the clerk ( Kevin Devoy ) refuses to sell it to an underage girl . Joe , the bright spark that he is , realises what has happened & talks his / her way out of it by claiming his / her dad had sent him / her to buy it . Joe , who now calls his alter - ego Josephine ( Ann Flood ) , senses the possibilities & heads straight for the local high school . Joe befriends four teenage girls , Jennifer Armstrong ( Laura Cummings ) , Crisi Stroud ( Gail Didia ) , Tracy Harper ( Heidi M. Gregg ) & Brenda Kearn ( Aimee Molinaro ) while under his disguise , oh & Joe manages to become a pupil at the school simply by asking the sports teacher Miss Van Dyke ( Vicki Hollis ) . At first Joe seems harmless enough , he just likes to hang around the girls toilets & stuff like that . But things soon change as Joe brutally murders Brenda . Jennifer 's dad , Vince Armstrong ( Edward Tanner ) is a detective so along with his partner Ed Simpson ( Clyde Surrell ) & Walt Spencer ( Bruce Alden ) the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for killing his daughter 's friends , but will they succeed before Joe strikes again ? The IMDb listing for The Nostril Picker is wrong , I watched it mere hours ago & it clearly states that it 's directed by Mark Nowicki who was also a co - producer & definitely not Patrick J. Matthews who was credited as a co - producer & the cinematographer , not that it makes much difference & I 'd have though that Nowicki would have been more than happy for Matthews to take the ' credit ' for making this piece of crap . No one involved in the making of The Nostril Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera again , ever . The Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst films I 've ever seen , & that 's saying something . It 's absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable . The script by Steven Hodge is atrocious , there 's no narrative structure , excitement , tension , drama , character development & the things that do happen are so mind numbingly dumb it 's untrue . The plot devices & chain of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible . The scene where Joe finds out the prostitute ( Steven Andrews ) he hired is in fact a man & Joe starts to chase him around his apartment with two squirting dildo 's is simply jaw dropping stuff . The subsequent scene when the transvestite reports the incident to the police is hilariously written & had me psychically laughing at the dialogue . I hated the ending as well , not only was it predictable but it leaves the door open for a sequel , I psychically shudder at the mere thought ! On a technical level The Nostril Picker is awful , point & hope photography , bland & inappropriate music , forgettable locations , poorly edited ( Brenda is killed in the kitchen yet her blood splashes on the T.V. screen that was clearly in the opposite room ) , some of the worst acting I 've sat through & very unimpressive special effects which consist of a few cut off rubber fingers , a slit throat & a quick scene where Joe eats some flesh . It comes as no surprise that the cast & crew who worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credits for anything before or after . Even at 76 odd minutes The Nostril Picker is far to long & really boring to sit through . I could go on & on all day long about how bad The Nostril Picker is , I really could . One thing I ca n't quite work out is was all this intentional by the filmmakers ? The Nostril Picker is indeed a unique film , unique in it 's awfulness & incompetence . In the the case of The Nostril Picker I hope it remains unique too , having said that it 's still not the worst film I 've ever seen but it comes close that 's for sure . Definitely one to avoid .
0 i 've seen a movie that s sort of like this , were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces . he then slices there tongue and eats it.<br /><br />the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it . he then starts to eat the woman naked.<br /><br />(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it 's a cult movie and that it was made in Germany).<br /><br />anyway THE NOSE PICKER is fairly crap.<br /><br />its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.<br /><br />please do n't waste you 're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.<br /><br />i prefer DAY OF THE WOMAN also known as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE ( its one of the best cult movies ever ) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/
0 I 've been largely convinced to write this review for a number of reasons:<br /><br />1 ) This is , without doubt , the worst film i 've ever seen 2 ) Unless it gets more reviews it will not be listed in the all time worst films list - which it deserves to be 3 ) I was kinda lucky - i paid five pound for it . i 've seen it in shops for 15 pound . DON NOT PAY THAT MUCH FOR THIS FILM ! You will be very angry 4 ) There are a lot of films out there in the horror genre that are not given a fair rating ( in my opinion ) and giving this film a higher rating than them is criminal < br /><br />The plot summary : a guy with no friends meets a tramp who promises the world - well , the magic ability to appear to everybody else like somebody else . Our hero cunningly turns into a teenage girl and joins their gang - sitting on swings , baby - sitting . He kills them one by one until he is tracked and found by the police.<br /><br />Why is it so bad ? To begin with the acting is VERY VERY bad . Someone else compared it to a school production . No , this is worse than any acting i 've seen on a school stage.<br /><br />I've bought a number of these previously banned films from the DVD company vipco and not been as disappointed as i was at this . okay , the acting is bad but the film fails to deliver in every other sense . What was the point in making this film when there is n't even any gore ! okay , no gore . What else can a film like this offer ? Breats ? No , not even any titillation!<br /><br />it 's true this film may have a certain charm in its unique naffness but any potential buyer / watcher of this film should be fairly advised that this film is , at best , worth only one out of ten .
0 This has to be THE WORST film I have ever seen . I bought the DVD and it did n't work , well the DVD worked fine , its just the film did n't , in fact its so bad that I think non of the actors have worked since ( or before judging from the acting ) . There is no real plot to speak of and no real horror . The production values are rubbish even for a low budget film with some outside scenes being hard to hear due to wind on the microphone.<br /><br />All in all it was so bad a film that a viewer could think it was going to turn into a porno if they did n't know any better ( which have been an improvement ) . There are only two lines in the film that are funny , both of which revolve around the transvestite prostitute . ( Although they hardly merit watching all 76 minutes for)<br /><br />As for the marketing of the DVD I feel thoroughly cheated . I mean reading the back I expected it to be bad:<br /><br />He chose his weapons . He selected his victims . He picked his nose . He turned into a GIRL!<br /><br />But I thought it might be funny . Also the case claims it is digitally re mastered , I would love to have seen it beforehand , the print is so grainy you could use it as sand paper . The case also says it is an absolute disgusting movie , IN WHAT WAY ? , disgusting production , acting.<br /><br />This film out stays it welcome in the first five minutes , ( if you are considering buying this I would say buy ` bad taste ' instead it is a much better film and is funny , also it has Peter Jackson the director of the LOTR in it.)<br /><br />Incidentally if anyone knows anything about any of the actors ( or director Patrick J Mathews ) and what they have done since , please post here as I would love to know , purely to find out if there is a worse movie out there , or if anyone in this film ever bothered to learn to act
0 Someone must have been seriously joking when they made this film.<br /><br />Firstly , it is an absolute impossibility that this movie was made in 1993 . The fashions and music dictate that this is seriously 80 's . My guess is that this has sat on the shelf for a long while before some crazed distributer picked it up and released it to a disbelieving world.<br /><br />There is a plot . Kind of . A strange loner meets a random man with a beard who tells him that if he meditates while singing his favourite song he will be able to turn into whomever he chooses . At this point I feel obliged to point out that the loner 's favourite song is London Bridge Is Falling Down . Why is this his favourite song ? Because he 's an idiot . We are only a minute into the film and already the film has reached a monumental level of stupidity . It gets even stupider.<br /><br />The loner is the nostril picker . I can only assume this as there are two scenes in the film where he is seen picking his nose . That clears up the title . He decides to change into a girl so that he can get close to other girls . And kill them . That 's more or less it.<br /><br />The acting is universally appalling . Every single performance in this movie sucks . In fact , I would go so far as to say that the acting is of the standard of a pornographic movie . It really is that terrible . The nostril picker appears to the audience as the nostril picker . The characters in the movie see him as the girl he has become through singing London Bridge Is Falling Down . Man , I feel like an idiot even typing this . Anyway , it is kind of strange seeing a middle aged weirdo hanging out with school girls . And not in a good way . There is even an extended montage of scenes where the nostril picker is at school with the girls and a song plays over the top . It is very possibly the worst song ever recorded . I 'm not even going to describe it . You 'll know it when you hear it . And you 'll agree with me.<br /><br />There are some scenes of violence , sure . And there is a Benny Hill style chase sequence involving a transsexual . There is even an immortal bit of dialogue , that may or may not have been taken from Shakespeare or John Milton , where the nostril picker says to a prostitute , ' I 've got the cash if you 've got the gash ' . Lovely , I 'm sure you 'll agree.<br /><br />Utter nonsense .
0 I bought this movie exciting a gloriously gratuitous , over the top , entertaining bloodbath . I got none of them . This film fails on practically every level , not in the least frightening , or funny , it is simply terrible film - making , and never provides the audience with anything worth seeing . What is so bad about it is that far from being as raw , violent and brutal as it had promised to be , there is very little violence at all . Virtually no blood shed , and no excitement whatsoever . Acting , direction and dialogue is absolutely unbearable . Honestly , it is truly laughable . I could hardly sit through this total garbage once ; I certainly will never want to watch it again . Do n't waste your time with a waste of celluloid like this ; it is truly possibly the worst film ever made . If I could give it minus stars , I would .
0 Originally called The Changer . The Nostril Picker is a poorly constructed tale about a loner named Joe Bukowski ( Carl Zschering ) who " likes em young " . Unable to socially interact with girls he bumps into a tramp who teaches him a special Vietnamese chant . This " chant " involves whistling ' London Bridge is Falling Down ' whilst hopping around like an epileptic morris dancer . Nonetheless , Ugly Joe tries it out and hey presto ! He is now a girl . Ideally he needs to be a young guy in order attract girls . But lets not talk about ideals here - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993 , in an ideal world it should have NEVER been released.<br /><br />The Film Asylum dubbed this horror hokum as " mind numbing , ham handed story telling " . Its worse than that . The Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit , in fact the whole god - damn cookie jar . Terribly scripted dialogue delivered by brain - dead actors , a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist . Just when things could n't get any more absurd the story goes off on its own nonsensical tangent . For instance , Joe decides to kill the girls by changing back into himself . But i thought he wanted to get close to them ? Not content with being a murderer Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims , of which there were only around 3 - 4.<br /><br />The highlight of this terrible movie involves Joe picking up a hooker ( Steven Andrews ) then taking " her " back to his apartment . What happens next defies belief ... Joe turns back into a man , but also discovers the hooker is a man . How does he react ? Well , in a Benny Hill - esquire fashion , he chases " her " around the apartment with a bunch of squirty dildo 's only to trip up on a blow up doll . God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge were thinking of . At least this scene paved the way for another priceless moment . This involved the male hooker reporting the incident to a curly haired police officer with a 2-bit joke shop ' cop ' uniform . The hilarious acting is a must see . Especially the hooker 's inability at saying " dildo " and his demand for " satisfaction".<br /><br />Apart from the above mentioned incident this monotonous slash flick was a complete bore . You know a movie 's bad when the DVD trailers were more exciting . Normally , i 'd fast forward to the good bits , only there were n't any here . The main action sequences involved Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly . Forget quick cuts , Matthews utilizes fadeouts ( one during a stab scene ) to limit any form of suspense there might already be . One girl 's non - reaction to her fingers being chopped off is laughable . Normally i 'd relish the words " uncut " but in this case they were far from a blessing . Just more agonizing cinematic torture . The whole movie felt like an unedited episode of Midsummer Murders , only less entertaining . I 'd hate to see the cut version.<br /><br />To sum up , The Nostril picker is the most unentertaining thing i 've seen since Richard Hammond 's 5 O ' Clock Show . Dismal performances made worse by a terribly tinny soundtrack and bad dubbing . Do n't be fooled by the box label , this is NOT a cult classic unless it qualifies for the lets - use - shitty - horror - dvds - for - coffee - coasters cult . Which i think it does . Unless re - edited to 30 minutes stay away from this coma inducing mess .
0 I like movies about UFOs , which is why I recently decided to rewatch EYES BEHIND THE STARS after seeing it when I was a kid back in the late 1970s . And now I 'm compelled to write a review about it because I 'm afraid I 'll start forgetting everything about it FAST . You see , even though EBTS ai n't bad , it 's VERY dull and nondescript . The story is sorta interesting but flat . The actors are good but their roles are boring and a little confusing . The FX are terribly amateurish but I can overlook something like that if the movie is compelling , which , unfortunately , this one ain't.<br /><br />Also , there 's very little violence and there 's no nudity whatsoever , which makes this 1970s Italian sci - fi opus a TRUE oddity , because if there 's one thing that distinguishes Italian genre movies made in the 1970s from genre movies of other countries made in the same decade , it 's the astonishing amount of violence and sex to be found in them . Oddly enough , because of the almost complete lack of exploitive elements , EBTS stands out from the rest of the pact . I do n't know if this can be seen as a compliment though . Personally , I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence but I think EBTS NEEDED more violence and some sex here and there to spice it up because it is so deadly dull and dry . And the special effects are n't that special.<br /><br />The story itself is actually interesting . It 's a combo of THE X - FILES and Antonioni 's BLOWUP : a photographer accidentally captures aliens on film during a fashion shoot in the country . The aliens know they were captured on film and they proceed to kidnap the photographer and a model , subsequently destroying any evidence of their presence on earth . The problem starts when the model meets a man at the recently abducted photographer 's apartment ( this taking place just before she 's to be abducted herself ) . The man takes some of the negatives and leaves , with the aliens having no knowledge of the missing negatives . The whole story is about this man wanting to know more about the aliens and a secret spy group who want to get a hold of the negatives . The majority of the movie centers around boring political intrigue , in the spy vs spy variety . The UFO element of the story is almost unimportant and could have easily been replaced by any cold war McGuffin . But as dull as EYES BEHIND THE STARS is , it does resemble THE X - FILES a LOT ! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie . Anyway , the best thing in EBTS are the POV shots , which are creepy and effective . But the rest is almost completely forgettable , including the goofy looking aliens.<br /><br />Even though I 've been mostly negative about this film , I sorta cherish it nonetheless . I still remember the effective ad campaign which scared me when I saw it as a kid . And I own the video . The film could have been so much more if it had been done properly . Oh well ...
0 Why do I watch movies like this ? - other than I have some weird misguided masochistic belief that one day I will find a true gem amongst all this dross I ca n't think one one good reason . This movie was dross from start to finish - but semi - hilarious dross . Where else but in a bad Italian dubbed movie could you find heated exchanges of surreal mangled English like this one between a honest military type and the sinister chief of a secret X - files like organisation dedicated to hiding " The Truth":<br /><br />Man in Black : Silence is best for us until we are able to prove that the UFOs have no bellicose motives.<br /><br />Military Type : In any event I find your interference abusive.<br /><br />Man in Black : Whoever has to impose his will is.<br /><br />I rewound the DVD ( you know what I mean ) a good half dozen times and I still ca n't make those lines mean anything sensible . My other fave line was:<br /><br />"We can be quite hard on those who contravert our interests." < br /><br />It 's English Jim , but not as we know it . < br /><br />The other highlights of this dull plonker of a movie for me were the totally spaced out acting of the photographer character at the start . Saddled with the worst haircut EVER in the history of everything , the man just wandered around looking like a stunned fish in a bad wig till kidnapped and forced to look at a piece of Plexiglas by some aliens . The aliens are most effectively not seen as a POV shot - hand held camera with a fish - eye lens - sort of spooky the first time but , used over and over again it lost its power ( incidentaly , if it is a Point of View shot , it means the aliens always walk out of rooms backwards for some reason).<br /><br />The film was set in " England " . This meant the Spanish Italian set designers put some British number plates on a couple of English cars and put a Union Jack on our hero 's press card ... and that was about it . No other attempt to make it look like the UK at all.<br /><br />Favourite moment ? When the Foley artists did n't notice that characters they were foleying ( is there such a word ? ) were no longer walking on gravel but were now on the lawn so their feet kept on making loud " crunch ! crunch ! " noises . Other than that , another total waste of 90 minutes of my life . I hope they prove those UFOs have no bellicose motives soon ...
0 This film was not nearly as much of a chore as I expected it to be . There are a few seconds of brilliance in this somewhat idiotic hardcore UFO conspiracy paranoia - fest . Most of the acting is mediocre , but fairly typical for 1970s - style stuff replete with pregnant pauses . A photographer and a model witness some strange goings - on in the woods and soon fall victim to these same goings - on . Flying saucers are spotted , more people disappear - but is it the aliens or our own government 's ultra - secret group of cover - up guys ? Soon enough , a reporter and a " UFOlogist " ( apparently modeled on the character of the writer - director ) are drawn into this unraveling fiasco and become the target of the ultra - secret agents who are as menacing as they are improbable and witless . Then the fun really begins.<br /><br />The movie , predictably , makes about as much sense as the average UFO conspiracy theory , but should be commended for taking itself so seriously . The camera work is OK for a low - budget film , the pacing is pretty good , the script is silly and absurd , and there are continuity issues which are fun to look out for . What are the few seconds of brilliance I mentioned ? Honestly , I ca n't say much you without writing a spoiler . Suffice to say that the end of the film is , at least , worth fast - forwarding to if you ca n't take the middle .
0 For some reason , in the late 70 's and early 80 's the local CBS affiliated station in New York kept playing this movie in it 's late - night slot on Friday or Saturday nights for several years , usually at 2 a.m. or some such time . It 's a fitting movie for that time slot since it 's really hard to follow and quite odd ( see the other reviews for specific story info ) . Anyway , after catching it numerous times in those days just before cable TV ( And even after it hit but before they offered much all night programming ) , I kept catching this little oddity . After not seeing it for many years I decided to see if I could find it on DVD . Well , it is only available ( from every search i 've conducted anyway)in a pretty lousy grainy print on the budget label " Brentwood Video " as part of a 4-pack of movies ( 4 movies on 2 double sided discs)called " Alien Worlds " if anyone is interested . It 's usually available for around $ 10-but even much less if you shop around . The other 3 movies on this set are readily available in numerous other collections of public domain movies , so no need to comment on them here . But I have n't seen " Eyes " available anywhere else . Though hardly a " restored " version in any way , this print runs exactly 92 minutes , so for once IMDb 's stated running time of 90 minutes is not correct . Even with the 92 minute running time it 's not unusual for a movie dubbed into English from another language to also have some of the running time trimmed . It seems to be a common budget - conscience practice to sometimes save money by not bothering to dub some scenes at all if they are not considered to be important to the story . Would a longer version make in any less confusing ? Who really knows - unless you 've seen it in it 's native language ... By the way , my attempts to watch this during the day do n't work and I end up just turning it off . There 's something about watching this in the middle of the night that just fits this movie .. or maybe it 's just from my earlier experiences , who know ? ?
0 In this paranoia - driven potboiler , our reporter hero battles hindersome authorities , duplicitous co - workers , renegade UFO debunkers , and silent , skulking aliens . ( Though capable of mind control and zapping objects from afar , it takes three of them to operate a control panel of about two dozen buttons . ) The script clomps from event to event , leaving puzzlers aplenty . Why did the aliens blind the dog ? Why do they fry the soldiers with radiation when they 're only patrolling an empty landing site ? And what space dudes worth their moon cheese abduct the ugly photographer first instead of his model ? Inquiring minds want to know ! Writer - director Mario Gariazzo apparently researched his subject by skimming a stack of UFO - themed tabloids as he took in a Sunn Classics double feature . ( The closing screen crawl boasts that it 's based on actual events ... just like " Plan 9 ! " ) Some may feel burned by the abrupt finale , but it should still appeal to conspiracy cranks .
0 It 's possible that A Man Called Sledge might have been done irreparable damage on the cutting room floor . Maybe someone will demand a director 's cut one day , but I seriously doubt it.<br /><br />James Garner decided to cash in on the spaghetti western market and in doing so brought a whole lot of Americans over to fill the cast out . Folks like Dennis Weaver , Claude Akins , John Marley . And of course we have Vic Morrow who both wrote and directed this film.<br /><br />Garner always gets cast as likable rogues because he 's so darn good at playing them . But he has played serious and done it well in films like The Children 's Hour and Hour of the Gun . He can and has broken away from his usual stereotyped part successfully . But A Man Called Sledge ca n't be counted as one of his successes.<br /><br />He 's got the title role as Luther Sledge notorious outlaw with a big price on his head . After partner Tony Young gets killed in a saloon and Garner takes appropriate Eastwood style measures , he 's followed from the saloon by John Marley.<br /><br />Marley 's spent time in the nearby territorial prison and it seems as though gold shipments are put under lock and key there on a rest stop for the folks transporting the stuff on a regular run . Garner gets his gang together for a heist.<br /><br />Here 's where the movie goes totally off the wall . Usually heist films show the protagonists going into a lot of methodical planning . Certainly that was the case in The War Wagon which some other reviewer cited . But in this one Garner decides to break into the prison as a prisoner of fake US Marshal Dennis Weaver and cause a jailbreak at which time the gold will be robbed . < br /><br />That was just too much to swallow . If taking the gold was this easy it should have been done a long time before . But I will say for those who like the blood and guts of Italian westerns , during that prison break there 's enough there for three movies.<br /><br />That 's not the whole thing , of course the outlaws fall out and we have another gore fest before the film ends . But by that time the whole film has lost a lot of coherency.<br /><br />The great movie singer of the Thirties Allan Jones is listed in the credits . But for the life of me I ca n't find him in the film . Maybe a chorus of the Donkey Serenade might have made this better.<br /><br />Couldn't have hurt any .
0 Two kinds of movies we like are ( 1 ) westerns , and ( 2 ) movies from 30 or 40 years ago . We ought to have liked A Man Called Sledge ; BUT ..... <br /><br />BUT ... this picture is disagreeable , annoying and stupid from start to finish . Since there is nobody in the story ( good or bad ) to warm up to , there is nobody to motivate the necessary suspense to keep the viewer interested . No camaraderie among the guys trying to steal the gold , and no camaraderie among those trying to protect it . Sledge has a pretty girl friend , but there 's no reason why she slobbers all over the guy or why she wants to be in the same room with this no - account pig.<br /><br />The film also suffers from an intrusive and gawdawful musical score , and from extremely bad writing and direction by Vic Morrow.<br /><br />Of the last 30 older movies rented from Netflix or Video Vault , this was the rock bottom , the only true dud in the bunch .
0 Although there are a lot of familiar " television " names associated with " A Man Called Sledge " , there is nothing extraordinary about the film itself or about any of the performances . In fact , the only thing that distinguishes it from a 1960's-70 's television series like " The Rat Patrol " is a bigger cast and a lot more violence . < br /><br />James Garner is the biggest star and apparently thought he should try to break away from all the light comedy stuff he had been doing ( " Maverick " , " Support Your Local Sheriff"-"Gunfighter " etc . ) . Unfortunately his earthy likability works against him , as Sledge is a humorless character written to cash in on the popularity of Clint Eastwood 's spaghetti western character . But Eastwood 's stuff was not this flat and uninteresting.<br /><br />I suppose that " A Man Called Sledge " could be classified as a spaghetti western although the pacing is too slow to really fit that sub - genre . Fans of the slow - paced " Combat " television series will feel an instant connection as Vic Morrow directed the film and co - wrote the script with Frank Kowalski . Throw in some then trendy slow - mo shots and cross - dissolves , which call attention to themselves rather than serve a story - telling purpose . < br /><br />The plot is the standard " big heist " thing ( insert " The War Wagon " here ) with Sledge plotting how to heist a $ 300,000 gold shipment . His gang includes Claude Akins and Dennis Weaver . The problem is that while on the move the shipment is guarded by 40 outriders and while stopped it is locked in a vault inside the territorial prison . I think there was an episode of " Alias Smith and Jones " with the same plot.<br /><br />The story would make a decent hour of television but gets old very fast as a very padded feature length film . Garner does not allow any of his charm to leak into his characterization and the film does not generate enough suspense to hold a viewer 's interest.<br /><br />The thing finally crashes and burns shortly after the heist when the gang engages in a contrived and totally illogical card game . < br /><br />Then again , what do I know ? I 'm only a child .
0 A typical 70s Italian coming of age film , original and good music , but with some quirks , interesting but not fantastic photography , poor and at times confused storyline ( e.g. the role of the wolf - dog , and where does the boy come from ? ) with poor dialogue , nice ambiance.<br /><br />The reason it is still ( relatively ) well - known and sought after is probably the nude scenes ( including typical 70s pseudo - coitus ) involving an 11 and 13 year old girl with an older teenage boy ( Eva Ionesco and Laura Wendel ) - it is interesting from a socio - political point of view to see how these representations of very young adolescents was considered acceptable and normal in the whole of Europe ( and US ) 30 years ago , whereas now it is more than taboo.<br /><br />The story revolves round bullying of one girl ( Laura ) by the other two characters , and her discovery of sex , a quite accurate representation of an aspect teenage life . The character of Eva ( Silvia ) does not evolve to the very end of the film and already appears very versed in the erotic arts - there is no " coming of age " for her : she is a very vain young girl who is already aware of her sexual charms , but ultimately is just used and ends the film crying like the little girl she really still is . The boy is an utterly despicable bully , while Laura comes across as a very naive and weak victim .
0 ' Maladolescenza ' has the air of a dark fairy tale , with its child protagonists , forest setting , and the discovery of a castle 's ruins . Yet at its core , the film is essentially an unusual psychosexual study of adolescents . Opening with a dream sequence employing the not - so - subtle metaphor of Fabrizio wrestling with his menacing hound , the film details his psychological persecution of Laura , the girl who has pledged her love to him , and his eventual romance with the equally malicious Sylvia . The film 's psychological complexities do give the film merit , yet there 's no doubting how unnecessarily exploitive the film is in its depiction of nudity and sex . The film 's look relies more on its gorgeous locations rather than particular cinematographic skill , and there 's no doubting the film 's greatest asset is the creepy , children 's choir - augmented soundtrack . With its odd dreamlike quality , the film is at best interesting , yet pales beside Louis Malle 's surreal and brilliant ' Black Moon ' from the same era . Certainly deserving of the art versus pornography debate , for unlike many banned films , Pasolini 's ' Salo ' or Larry Clark 's ' Ken Park ' for instance , the film is rather unremarkable from an artistic perspective . Cinema seems to be gradually losing its ability to shock , so perhaps ' Maladolescenza ' should be admired for retaining that power thirty years after its release . However shock value is the one reason alone the film is memorable . < br /><br />The film does have its defenders . Yet so does Nazism .
0 the tortuous emotional impact is degrading , whether adult or adolescent the personal values shown in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama if anywhere at all . This movie has a plot , but it is all evil from start to end . This is no way for people to act and degrades both sexes all the way through the movie . teen killing - bad preteen sex - bad emotional battering - bad animal cruelty - bad psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit if any is the excellent color shots of contrasting red , blond and green leaves a bad feeling for anyone that respects life and peace , what a bad mistake to make , or to watch ... it is UGLY
0 I rarely comment on films but I 've read the other comments and I can not believe that there are people applauding this celluloid rubbish . I know there are certain people who have their own agenda but lets take it on merit ; poorly acted , badly shot and the story felt as the director was making it up as he was going along . I am not going to focus on the sexual aspect of the film involving little kids as the makers of the film obviously knew what they wanted and what their audience would want . All I can say is it is a terrible film , the content is poor and offensive , the production is amateurish and I am glad they could not make a film like this legally today
0 Would anyone really watch this RUBBISH if it did n't contain little children running around nude ? From a cinematic point of view it is probably one of the worst films I have encountered absolutely dire . Some perv woke up one day and thought I will make a film with little girls in and call it art , stick them in countryside and there is n't any need for a story or explanation of how they got there or why they do n't appear to live anywhere or have parents because p*rn films do n't need anything like that . I would comment on the rest of the film but I have n't ticked spoilers so I will just say avoid , avoid avoid and find yourself a proper film to watch
0 In THE FAN Robert De Niro plays Gil Renard . Or is it Travis Bickle ? or Rupert Pupkin ? Or Max Cady ? You see the problem with this type of role is that De Niro has played very very similar characters in TAXI DRIVER , THE KING OF COMEDY and CAPE FEAR and unfortunately the characters were better developed and had better scripts . I found it slightly difficult to believe that Renard would have started out as a frustrated obsessive sports fan into being an out and out psycho < br /><br />The character arc is n't the only problem with this script - It also lacks a character focus ( A problem I had with THE UNTOUCHABLES where De Niro should have been superb but ended up slightly flat ) , for several stretches of the movie I kept thinking that Bobby Rayburn was the main character then the story switches back to Renard . It also seems to have disappointed a lot of sports fans who seem to think this should have concentrated a bit more on baseball . I 'm not sure if this was meant to appeal to baseball fans originally but again there are elements which hint it might have if the producers had made up their minds has to who and what the story should focus upon < br /><br />I will admit I was entertained by THE FAN ( Especially by the soundtrack ) but it is a very flawed film and it should be remembered that by the mid 1990s characters being stalked by nutters as in SINGLE WHITE FEMALE , UNLAWFUL ENTRY etc had run out of steam a long time ago
0 One of the worst movies I 've ever seen with Robert De Niro , The Fan is a pointless cliché of an exercise in slasher flicks . It tries to spin or twist the genre with preposterous plot lines of a a crazed fan turned psychotic - the movie meanders into nothing . ( spoiler ) We 're to believe that a knife - wielding idiot has access to and murders a baseball player in a lavish hotel with no witness , security , or cameras ? The movie is nonsense trying to tug at our heart - strings through the hoopla of baseball ending up mockingly unsophisticated and gimmicky . Not sure what all the actors were thinking when they got onboard this razzie . This is as big a dud as they come . Stay far away if you prefer thought in your movies
0 What a bad movie . I 'm really surprised that DeNiro and even Snipes would be associated with something like this . If you 're going to make a movie that involves baseball , and shows scenes of baseball , at least make the action look somewhat realistic . Why was the crowd always standing up for no particular reason during games ? * * * POSSIBLE SPOILER * * * And the last scene in the movie .... what was that ? We are somehow led to believe that DeNiro has found his way onto the field in an umpire 's uniform , and that the game is even being played in a torrential downpour .... one of the worst ever scenes in a sports movie . 3 stars out of 10 .
0 * MANY MANY SPOILERS IN THIS REVIEW * This movie was horrible . I am a huge baseball fan so I thought I 'd watch it , and I was very disappointed . It started out okay .. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had on his young son , I was hoping that he would become a better father throughout the movie or something . Anyways , at the beginning it seemed as if DeNiro was supposed to be the protagonist . He was the only one that believed in Bobby , and he had his adorable son that he was losing custody of , which gave me a reason to feel bad for him . He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo , when out of absolutely nowhere he brutally stabs Primo to death ... Not to mention that sketchy reoccurring song " I WANT TO * * * * YOU ! ! ! ! " at random unfitting moments.<br /><br />Later , when DeNiro saves Bobby 's son from drowning , I was hoping that the movie could redeem itself .. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby 's son . But of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie , because all he cares about is getting CREDIT for the murder , and does so by stealing Bobby 's son , car , and dog and holding them hostage- Bobby just has to hit a home run and announce that DeNiro is a " true fan " while displaying a picture of him biting a knife.<br /><br />Now we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end ... It is pouring like hell and we are expected to believe that the game has n't been called . Then DeNiro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls Bobby out at home , proceeding to pull out his knife and start stabbing everyone that runs onto the field . There are seemingly no officers on the field ( but the police are on their way ) , so DeNiro steps on the mound and prepares to pitch a knife to Bobby when he gets shot to death . But do n't worry , this cheerful and pleasant movie has a happy ending , because Bobby find his son.<br /><br />This is NOT a sports movie . It is NOT about a fan . As far as I know , fans are not rabid psychopaths that threaten , rob , and throw knives at their admirees . This is likely to be the sickest movie I will ever see in my life . The plot was shallow , the soundtrack sucked , the movie had no purpose whatsoever . I warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film .
0 DeNiro is a master ... one of my favourites . And I love GOOD sports movies { not into baseball so much , but hey , its sports movies , right ? . I was expecting MUCH more for this movie . It seems to start out well : DeNiro is what I expected , Snipes { whom I do n't really like } is very good as the spoiled star . Barkin 's role , to me , was OK . She 's a good actress , but seemed out of place in this role . To me , they always seemed to rush the scenes , and then it drags a bit in places . It just seemed tio me to be so uneven ! Considering the cast and the plot , it could have been so much better . I rated it a ' 4 ' , and I was being generous ~ I 'm a tough one with numbers !
0 To put it simply , The Fan was a disappointment . It felt like as if I was watching Taxi Driver , except Taxi Driver was much better than this . It seemed like the filmmakers wanted us to root for Robert Deniro 's character 100 percent . This approach did n't work .
0 Tony Scott directs a thriller sports flick that should attract even the non - sports fan . And some say baseball is a dead sport ... boring ... too damn slow . Well perk up ! On the outside he appears to be a disgruntled salesman(Robert De Niro ) while on the inside he is a psychotic San Francisco Giants fan . Along comes a new slugger(Wesley Snipes)and designated savior from the doldrums . Our salesman harbors a murderous obsession when the hard hitting all star falls into the worst slump in his career and the Giants are feared to crumble along with him . De Niro is terror personified . Snipes seems very natural as the ballplayer . Other notables in the cast are : the still attractive Ellen Barkin , John Leguizamo , Benicio Del Toro and Patti D'Arbanville . You are a free agent ... so enjoy . Violence and very strong language is to be expected and you get your moneys worth .
0 It never ceases to amaze me how you can take an excellent actor , and put him to waste in a film such as this . Robert De Niro is one of the best Hollywood stars of all time , but even he could n't save this movie . In fact , his character is much the same as the one he played in Cape Fear , which was actually pretty good , but I ca n't stand it when actors do the same schtick over more than one movie . I believe it gets old , and that is the case here.<br /><br />There 's nothing surprising in this movie , but then , the story has been told a million times before . Wesley Snipes is your typical baseball player , and his conceit shows through in his characterization . De Niro plays the obsessed fan , but his role in this film is less than entertaining.<br /><br />However , because De Niro is IN this film , that makes it a draw if you are a fan ( no pun intended ) who sees everything he does no matter how bad . But to see De Niro at his best , see " Midnight Run " , " Goodfellas " , or " Cop Land " , or even go way back and check out " Taxi Driver " or " Godfather II " . Do n't waste your time with this drivel.<br /><br />My Rating : 3/10
0 Vodka Lemon is a charming , yet extremely uneven Arminian film that will delight some and bore others . Though reasonably well - crafted , the film lacks any real " zing " , relying instead on many scenes that will seem commonplace to the astute art - house viewer . The film contains a handful of moments of sheer cinematic brilliance , unfortunately , they deserve a film worthy of their genius . Too dark to be a dark comedy and to light to be a serious drama , Vodka Lemon will leave many views disoriented and ultimately disgruntled . You may laugh , but these moments will be few and far between amid a sea of washed out snow filled landscapes and a seemingly endless series of bus rides . A noble effort , ultimately done in by lack of narrative cohesion .
0 SLIGHT SPOILERS ( but it does n't matter anyway).<br /><br />An exercise in gobblygook of catastrophic proportions not even worthy of the l0 lines I need to put these remarks on the netwaves . This is the single worst episode of the Masters series to date and the first that qualifies for the defunct Mystery Science Theatre treatment . Even if it took me a full half hour to realize the intended ironic angle , it was still a very lame mess . Its sole value lies in the perspective that forces one to realize that in addition to gore and ugly masks the genre only succeeds when the classic cinematic notions of photography and lighting , dialogue and acting , editing and timing are put to use . Here they are absent and John Carpenter is no master . Period . And no trite analysis of the easy social comment herein will change that . Oddly , Carpenter never has been anything more than a B director , but at least such films as ' Fog ' and ' The Thing ' had terrific atmosphere ( the latter is one of my cult favorites).<br /><br />Abominable acting . Camera angles stuck in cement . Tensionless rhythm . Yet perhaps the single most obnoxious element of the episode is the storyline which of course JC can not really be blamed for ( unless the writers were buddies of Cody . ) The initial two minute slo - mo of a girl running through a forest only to be nearly run over by a would be Scully - Mulder duo is the first and last thing that works in the film . But come on , a girl hurtling through a deserted woods to nowhere in particular in desperate need of an abortion fortuitously rendez - vous with the fender of a pair of ' women 's rights ' MDs whose clinic just happens to be at the end of the road around the corner . Oh , and I wo n't even nitpick about how the doc whips the accidentee into the car and speeds away at 0 to 60 in six seconds . Does wonders for possible broken ribs or concussion.<br /><br />Then things fall apart real quick . The vacuous dialogue " I just want to help you " , the interminably sluggish back and forth at the gate , grandiose battle tactics like cutting the telephone line ( in the age of cell phones ? ) followed by the the shoot - out : a born - again Ramboesque clinic director vs Ron Perlman and the high school bullpen out for a few kicks at Easter break . Another lovely line : " So what are we going to do ? " from the kid who had just been sitting on a pile of assault rifles in the back of the van . Er , no it is n't yet pheasant season . So who needs those teen boys anyway . What about the good old tried and true method of the lone lunatic who bashes his way through the gate with his all - American SUV?<br /><br />As for the exchange of bullets scenes themselves , the cuts here were as stiff as the staccato of a DC comics strip . All that was lacking were the Wham , Bam , and Whiz of the balloon titles . And all to the tune of a soundtrack worthy of an old Mannix episode.<br /><br />At one point we learn that Daddy is n't really the daddy , but at this point we have n't been led to care much any more either . This story 's single source of drama is the conflict between the pro - life father and his pregnant daughter who is only thankful she 's not having twins . Yet there is not a single scene , flashback or not , where they are actually ever found together . They remain mere abstractions to each other throughout.<br /><br />With the exception of the gatekeeper every single one of the characters is absolutely dislikeable . Bland , hysterical , dull - headed , macho . As perfectly flat as human wallpaper can be . None of the doctors seem to have anything medical about them . And there 's that bickering Dad who rails at his pregnant daughter as though he himself were the stressed out boyfriend . He fortunately got his . There are two great MST - worthy comic moments : the gusher when Angelica 's plumbing goes out and later the new - born lobster with a glued on baby 's head . Also cute was Angelica 's rugby ball belly before she finally popped the right - to - life little monster from Hell . As for that audacious male abortion scene ... well , they should have retained Miike 's episode and banned this one instead.<br /><br />In short , a 3rd rate Rosemary 's Baby meets Alien set on the turf of a M.A.S.H. episode . This stinker alone , appreciable only to today 's permissive under-16 generation , will assure as someone else said here , that this series will not be renewed for a third season . A real shame , since there have been a number of brilliant productions , including such really decent spoofs as Dante 's ' Homecoming ' or McKee 's deliciously quirky ' Sick Girl ' . Not to mention the superb imagery of Malone 's ' Fairhaired Child'.<br /><br />Sorry John Carpenter , I believe your directing days are over . It 's time to run for President .
0 I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter 's episode in Season 2 because his first , Cigarette Burns , was by far the best from Season 1 ( and I did like other episodes from that season ) . Oh , how I was disappointed.<br /><br />In fairness to Carpenter I think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely horrible writing . The characters , aside from the subject matter , seemed to behave and speak as though they were written for an episode of Walker , Texas Ranger . The acting was bad , and I normally like Ron Perlman a lot , but I can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible . I 'm not going to try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless but it appeared as though they were trying to mix horror ( obviously ) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion . In this case , not surprisingly , it seemed a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nuts as well as fanatical anti - abortionists . And I am in favor of both aims but it was done so horribly that I was embarrassed to watch characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency . This failed totally to offer any worthwhile opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed as well alongside such inept writing.<br /><br />While I do n't think Carpenter can be blamed for most of the badness here I will say he did choose to direct the teleplay and therefore has that to be held responsible for . There are a couple small bits that I found nice , hence the 2 stars I gave it.<br /><br />The actual gore and monster effects were good , but the CGI gore ( two separate gunshots to the head ) were so obviously inferior quality CGI they should 've never been given the OK . I 'm generally very critical of CGI but not because I have a problem with it in principle . I have a problem with the execution of it . The technology , while amazing in some respects , is not good enough to match " real " effects , whether they be miniatures or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and/or alive , and therefore should n't be used until they are . CGI can be used well in small amounts or obviously if the whole film is animated.<br /><br />I'll also take this opportunity to note that the show title , Masters of Horror , is a bad title to have . There simply are n't many actual " masters of horror " around . Maybe two or three . If the show were called " Tale of Horror " or something like that it would be fine . But as it stands the criteria for directing one of these episodes , and therefore being criticized for not being a " master of horror " is that they have directly at least one horror film in their career . And it did n't even have to be a good one .
0 I went into a Video Store and looked around to find some Horror Movies , after about 30 minutes I just rushed and picked out a few . I stumbled upon " Masters of Horror " which contained " Pro - Life " and " Right to Die " . They seemed OK , same - old cheesy Horror crap , but I was interested for some reason . It said about Pro - Life on the case about being a classic , a return to form for John Carpenter ( I loved his " The Thing " , so I thought this would be good ) and all that . So I turned it on thinking it would be something great and interesting , I was very wrong ... It started off casual , just a girl running through a Forest , scared of something . A car stops and picks her up ( just so being the people she needed to see , amazing ? ) They take her back to some Clinic and examine her , at the sametime all this is happening her Father appears at the gates and they do n't allow him in , he is n't aloud near the area . Most likely from something he would of done in the past , but you do n't know of any of this at the moment . He really does not want his Daughter in this place , an Abortion center . He is very strongly against such acts , believing it 's sickening and not what " God " would want . He " supports " what I heard is called " Pro - Life " . Acting against Abortions and going to extremes to allow the Babies to be born , they are sick . They do n't like the Life of an unborn being taken , yet they 've killed Humans in the past to allow the Birth ? Justice is only a figment of the mind . Anyway , back on track , after the girl is examined they find out she s pregnant , but far ahead than what she should be . She is only a few weeks pregnant , but is months ahead . She keeps telling them they wo nt understand her , and that she wants an Abortion and all , but finally tells the truth that she was raped by a Demon from Hell , and that her Father wants this baby ( but believes " God " wants this baby , not who truly does ) . He gets his 3 Sons ( they arm themselves with Pistols and Shotguns ) , and begin to make they 're way into the Clinic ( shooting down anyone who wo n't co - operate ) . The head of the Clinic , who must of had trouble with them in the past , is well prepared this time . Ends up killing one the Fathers Sons , but in the end gets shot a few times ( wearing a bullet proof jacket ) . The Father then performs what he believes is done to the Women . He cuts a hole , where the Vagina would be if he we 're a Female , and sticks some sort of sucking thing up there and sucks out all this blood . Whilst all this is happening , the girl gives birth to some Demonic baby with many legs , and some Demon raises from beneath the Earth ( not in the same room ) and starts looking for its child . The Father sees this later on , and starts questioning why this happened , he did what he was told to do , and does n't understand why it 's like this . The Demon had killed both of his Sons earlier , and now goes for Father ... Whilst the girl kills the baby , and the Demon carries it away ( not in the same scene).<br /><br />Yeah , it probably sounds pretty cool , and a thrilling Horror Movie , but it is n't . The acting is horrible and lacks enthusiasm , the script is boring and not even creative , they choose the wrong characters and do n't even build on them ; just everything put together , all the small parts , do n't even add up to something great , a waste of time . I would n't classify this as a Horror , though it has elements of Horror , they ultimately fail at what they try to succeed . It felt more like a " Beginners " Short - Movie , than by John Carpenter.<br /><br />Sorry for my lack of information , and detailed review , I just did n't have the time to waste to write something exciting . Also sorry if my spelling and details are incorrect , I could n't really be bothered to research anything .
0 Well well well . As good as John Carpenter 's season 1 outing in " Masters of Horror " was , this is the complete opposite . He certainly proved he was still a master of horror with " Cigarette Burns " but " Pro - Life " is perhaps the worst I have seen from him.<br /><br />It 's stupid , totally devoid of creepy atmosphere and tension and it overstays it 's welcome , despite the less - than - an - hour running time . The script is nonsense , the characters are irritable and un - appealing and the conclusion is beyond absurd.<br /><br />And for those suckers who actually bought the DVD ( one of them being me ) ; did you see how Carpenter describes the film ? He 's actually proud of it and he talks about it as his best work for a long time , and he praises the script . And in the commentary track , where he notices an obvious screw up that made it to the final cut , he just says he did n't feel it essential to rectify the mistake and he just let it be there . I fear the old master has completely lost his touch . I sincerely hope I 'm proved wrong.<br /><br />I want to leave on a positive note and mention that the creature effects are awesome , though . Technically speaking , this film is top notch , with effective lighting schemes and make up effects .
0 " Masters of Horror " has proved itself a poor arena for ' message episodes , ' and while a definite case can be made for Joe Dante 's ' Screwfly Solution ' ( one of the best episodes of the series , period ) , most efforts to do so have come across as anvil - heavy and unimpressive ( nothing defuses horror more than a soapbox ) . And ' Pro - Life ' simply fuses reactionary viewpoints with ultra - violence ; young Angelique ( Caitlin Wachs ) , seen running through the woods , is nearly hit by 2 doctors ( Mark Feuerstein and Emmanuelle Vaugier ) who just happen to be driving in to work at the local ( and isolated ) abortion clinic . Angelique 's father , Dwayne ( Ron Perlman ) , is a stone - cold , far - right holy roller who will do anything to prevent his daughter from getting an abortion . If for nothing else , ' Pro - Life ' accumulated some buzz for its controversial issue , but John Carpenter treats this whole venture with startling indifference -- he seems even less interested in making a movie than the script itself ( which is admittedly poor ) ; the slow pacing builds no tension , and simply brings the already ambling plot to a crawl . Even when Dwayne and his sons storm the clinic , guns blazing , it is a stunning non - event ; later , when a doctor is tortured with a ' male abortion , ' the scene comes off as gratuitous and unnecessary -- an effort to pad out the underwritten film . The poor performances ( Perlman is sadly wasted here ) become an outgrowth of the script , and Carpenter 's direction feels exhausted , as if ' Pro - Life ' is the source of his next hot meal . By the time a spider - creature with a human head and a guy in a latex monster suit are prowling the hallways , you just have to wonder what the minds behind this mess were thinking ...
0 Wow . The only people reviewing this positively are the Carpenter apologists . I know a lot of those . The guys that 'll watch John Carpenter squat on celluloid and pinch out a movie and proclaim it a masterwork of horror . This " movie " is utter crap . It looks and sounds like a porno ( good lord , the soundtrack is awful ... ) , and has sub - par porn acting , which is shocking , because normally Ron Perlman is really a very good actor . I honestly have no idea what Carpenter was thinking when making this . Most likely " Beans , beans , beans .. " until somebody fed him and rolled him up into a blanket for the day ... They say nothing about the abortion debate whatsoever , when they could have had a very interesting central theme ( how do religious zealot anti - abortionists feel when it 's the devil 's baby ? ) but instead they chose to have Ron Perlman and his terribly acted kids kill a bunch of people and have the horribly cast doctors try to calm the hysterically bad pregnant girl . Not a single person from this episode or what have you should come away unscathed . It 's just awful . Like , Plan 9 From Outerspace awful . Like , good god please would somebody turn it off before I soil myself awful . Try watching this and The Thing in the same day and your mind will implode .
0 This installment of Masters of Horror was terrible . Apparently , Mr. Carpenter needs to learn a thing or two about pacing and decent , plausible dialog . There were times when I literally shouted at the TV for something to happen . Maybe he thinks he building suspense , but Carpenter needs to trim back that overdone , over - simplified musical score of his ( or his son 's ) and advance the action a little bit . How many times did the girl say , " Oh no , I ca n't have this baby ! " and " Oh , no here it comes " ? Carpenter takes elements from much , much better films ( Assault on Precinct 13 and The Thing ) and throws them in here as if we are supposed to acknowledge and appreciate his trademark style . What is lacking here is genuine suspense and energy . It 's as though he 's sleepwalking through the process of movie making . < br /><br />For better Carpenter films , stick to the tried and true classics-- The Thing , Halloween , and They Live . For better masters of horror episodes , check out my personal favorites : Family , Jenifer , and Dreams in the Witch House .
0 There is this girl and she 's running in the woods but she ends up at this woman 's clinic and she wants an abortion . Her daddy is outside in a van and he is all angry about it . The whole episode takes place in and outside of this abortion clinic . I 'm not really pro - choice but I wanted the choice to kill this episode . I was laughing when I saw the baby come out and it went into the corner . The part where they were doing the ultra sound was pretty funny too . I was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode . He just wanted to protect his daughter and I could n't really blame him for what he did . I do n't know what happened to him at the end or what happened to the other father and daughter in the waiting room . I was just laughing too hard and I would suggest watching " Pick me up " instead of this episode . It was n't the worst episode but it was n't that great .
0 I have to say as being a fan of the man who created Halloween / The Fog / Christine / The Thing - probably his best films.<br /><br />Then you got this POS . I ca n't logically think he put any effort at all into this like he did with Cigarette Burns . At least his son made a decent soundtrack.<br /><br />You have to look at this from the standpoint that it did n't seem like a movie . It looked as if someone else directed it for one thing . I wo n't believe Carpenter put any effort into this at all.<br /><br />I was just listening to his old school H2/H3/The Fog soundtrack and it was awesome , especially for the times.<br /><br />He was using a style that no one had and it worked so well for his films .
0 A plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilable differences in opinions constituted a judgmental havoc with one side pro - life and the other a destroyer of a demon 's seed . The horror was left out and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific , but , instead demonstrated an ill dose of beliefs which ridiculed each other to death , despite the title itself . Being a fan of Masters of Horror since the beginning , this ridiculous plot twist with it 's sordid depictions crashed apart like a spindly old rocking chair after being sat upon . I view this episode as being thrown together from the get go , never really taking off anywhere other than to see it through for what its worth and relieved when it finally came to " The End " ..
0 Could anyone please stop John Carpenter from continuously and deliberately ruining his reputation ? How low can you go ? It seems this man has lost any self respect.<br /><br />This episode looks like it has been done by a film student , it is n't even worth beginning to talk about WHAT was bad , because it was just a borefest , directed by somebody with no talent as a filmmaker or without any motivation ... <br /><br />Come on , Mr. Carpenter , please retire immediately with a rest of self - esteem and stop spilling out trash like this in a bad tradition from Escape from L.A. to Ghosts of Mars.<br /><br />Get drunk instead .
0 To be honest , this film is another in a series of huge disappointments ... most of these so - called " masters of horror " films are only horrifying in terms of their sub - par effects and laughable story lines ... aside from Ron Perlman , everyone else in this film can not act to save their life ... the gunshots sounded like someone was playing Bop - it under the boom mike or something , and looked completely unrealistic ... overall , this film is about as scary as Home Alone ... the only good masters are Cigarette Burns , Jennifer , and maybe Pelts ... I do n't know how these directors can sleep at night knowing that they have ruined the very genre that some of them used to actually understand ...
0 I originally gave this episode a rating of two- I now wish I 'd thought more about it . I also wish they had negative rating options.<br /><br />Watching it , I was amazed at how poor the whole thing was from start to finish . I adore Ron Pearlman , and John Carpenter ... so what went wrong ? ? Last season episode 13 was pulled due to the way it handled the abortion issue . I think that this season Mr Carpenter managed to make something so grey - area that you ca n't immediately see if he is pro - choice or anti - abortion . It was only after I sat and thought about it that I realized he is very much anti - abortion- you get this most clearly in the end when the ' Mother ' shoots the baby and kills it , to the dismay of the ' Father ' , who walks off in grief , leaving the mother unharmed . But you also see it in the way the Ron P. character is treated- I hardly think that if someone has proved themselves enough of a threat in the past so as to have a restraining order against him that they would not immediately be ringing the police . Instead we have the guard almost sympathetically dealing with him ( only to pay for it in the end ) I do n't mind someone having a strong view on something , even if it is n't something I agree in , but I do think its a bit lame not to stand by that view , rather than trying to look like they 're sitting somewhere in the middle.<br /><br />But , political issues aside , this episode was beyond poor . The music was retro-70 's and just plain did n't work . The acting ( other than Ron P. ) was poor . The effects were dreadful- it might have been better just to -not- show the monster at all rather than show the lame excuse for a monster they had.<br /><br />All this being said , I 'm glad they have the Masters of Horror- I do n't mind sitting through some really poor episodes to find the good ones . Its a bit like renting horror movies from the video store- every now and again you get a good one and it makes it all worth while . I do agree with the poster that said maybe the name needs to change from Masters- some of these people just plain do n't deserve the title . ( Let me stress tho- even tho I hated this episode , John Carpenter TOTALLY deserves the title . He is a master thru and thru )
0 I 'm not sure if Carpenter is looking to raise questions on abortion , and make the really heavy - handed and obvious point that a woman should be allowed an abortion if Satan is the father , but it drags on and on . Ron Perlman is laughable . The baby is really stupid looking , basically a crab with a baby head mounted on it . You can pretty much see the material on the Satan costume . What a mess . This episode has about five minutes of story and 55 minutes of tedium . Very , very bad . And the ending is just ridiculous . After learning his baby is dead , does the devil destroy the abortion clinic and kill everyone in a huge , bloody , gory , uproar ? NO ! He just puts his head down and sulks out of the room . Terrible .
0 absolutely trash . i liked Halloween and from then on johnny 's been in a downward spiral . this is about the pits . we get it john . pro - lifers are scary ! you do n't have to make a shitty film that bores the hell out of me to ' tell ' me.<br /><br />The pacing is way off here . It feels like john did n't have much to work with here . to his credit it looks like he did not write this junk . There are countless times where the camera just sits and waits for the actors to look dumb or say something dumb . i love the long cut . too bad carpenter does n't know how to employ it . he needs to bunk up with Herzog and Fassbinder 30 years ago . Please John , stop making a fool of yourself and boring me to death !
0 Despite its flaws , I enjoyed " Cigarette Burns " , John Carpenter 's Season One episode in the Masters of Horror series . Yes , the story seemed like a cheap cross between IN THE MOUTH OF MADNESS and 8MM , but it was still quite good for the budget and time constraints given to it . With " Pro - Life " , however , the low budget and time constraints definitely show more than anything else . There is solid directing as always from Carpenter yet there is a quality to the writing and whole production itself that gives the feeling it was made in a total and complete rush . The script is n't always clear , the message fuzzy , and the story is full of plot holes once you look back on them . Maybe had Carpenter re - written the script , it could have been a worthwhile episode . Instead , it 's a mess that only hardcore Carpenter fans will find the slightest enjoyment in . Definitely the worst Carpenter has ever done . 2/10
0 urgh ! 3 things a movie needs : a good script , a good plot and good casting . i watched this movie expecting it to be hilariously terrible and was unfortunately disappointed when it was just plain terrible . I lost the will to live halfway through . The only thing which stopped me from stabbing my eyes out with a fork was Rose Byrne ( who was the reason for me watching it in the first place ) . She did a good job as Rastus and her appearance has n't changed much since she was 13 . it was a fantastic first effort in a movie . the dog was also very good . both did a great job with such awful material . Sandra Bernhard i think was the biggest mistake of the movie . she was completely miscast , and i do n't think she ever quite got the character.<br /><br />I give the movie 2 out of 10 - and that s only because of Rose .
0 I simply can not believe the number of people comparing this favourably with the first film . It moved me to leave this comment ! This is just an obvious attempt to cash - in on the success of the first film . The dialogue is appalling and nothing like as authentic or compelling as the original film.<br /><br />The storyline is ridiculous , the portrayal of the French police laughable and the characterisation of Doyle a mile away from the first film.<br /><br />How many drug bosses do you think go down to the docks in person to see a shipment come in ? The ease at which Doyle finds his guy is just pathetic . Like all the French Police were just drinking coffee until Doyle turns up from America and does some REAL police work . What a joke . Try going to a foreign city and unearthing the biggest crims in the place with a travel map and some tourist pamphlets . Pathetic . < br /><br />A truly awful sequel , anyone who thinks otherwise is crazy .
0 First off , anyone who thinks this sequel to William Friedkin 's " The French Connection " , is superior is most definitely completely insane or moronic or both . The problem with reviewing this film is that , a. ) it 's a sequel to a brilliant movie , which always makes watching it objectively difficult , and b. ) it 's directed by John Frankenhimer , one of the best American directors ever , so I wanted to like it . William Friendkin was the perfect person to direct a film about drug traffic in decaying new York city , because of his documentary - like approach to the action and story , Frankenhimer on the other hand is one of the most stylish directors ever , i.e. " The Manchurian Candidate " and " Seconds " , and with his " French Connection 2 " it feels like someone trying to be gritty and not having the true understanding to pull it off . That fact that Frankenhimer was chosen to direct the sequel by Gene Hackman himself really tells a lot about Hackman 's understanding about the original film too . It 's well known Hackman hated Friedkin on the set and vowed to never work with him again , it 's also known he envisioned the character to be more one dimensional , loosing weight and trying to play him like a straight character . it shows you Hackman , despite being a great actor , had no idea who to make the movie and the story great . The plot point of Doyle becoming an addict is interesting , but does n't warrant the rest of the film . An unfortunate low point in Frankenhimer 's filmography .
0 Even duller , if possible , than the original ( I hope I may say that under the IMDb guidelines ) . THE FRENCH CONNECTION at least tried to absorb European influences , to complicate the conventional view of the American police detective , even if the attempt was foundered by Friedkin 's ambivalence , Americaness and general indirection . The ( relative ) arthouse boom of the 1960s ( especially with the nouvelle vague ) allowed for a huge influence of European cinema in Hollywood . This lent a new vigour and complexity to a weary medium , and , in the best of them ( eg BONNIE AND CLYDE , early Scorcese ) , a new subversion of received practice . The original CONNECTION was part of this movement , with its difficultly distanced style , and anti - detective figure . TWO is old Hollywood 's right - wing reassertion of American values.<br /><br />This is figured in the film 's very tiresome America vs France dialectic . For instance , TWO is shot like a 70s French policier . It was the French , of course , who insisted on the greatness of American movies when they were ignored at home , and this , in a sense , is a reclamation , a warning against Gallic presumption . This can be seen in the pattern of the two movies . CONNECTION has French gangsters invading New York , with the French style smothering the American thriller - this leads to the dissolution of the detective figure , and irresolution of plot - the baddie got away . < br /><br />TWO has the American returning to France , with American thriller values imposed on the native genre - the power of the detective is reasserted and conventional resolution is achieved . This is further dramatised in Doyle 's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy , whose dominant influence he must shake off before he can control the plot.<br /><br />TWO seems to follow the original by undermining its detective hero . From the start , Doyle 's importance is diminished at every turn . Despite the ending of CONNECTION , he is considered a hero . But he is an American in a foreign land , and his inability to control language or customs means he can not dominate the plot . He even misreads the signs of the police force , mistaking an informer for a criminal , and getting him killed . < br /><br />A detective 's power comes from his power as subject to see and interpret , but Doyle spends much of the movie being watched , controlled , an object , a body ( literally in the scenes after he is dumped by Charnier ) to be viewed and interpreted . In CONNECTION , he instigated the action , chasing the criminals , forcing the plot ; here he is passive , tied to a bed , locked in a cell , an addict , a dependent.<br /><br />This loss of phallic power is predictably symbolised in the loss of his gun , and the film follows a depressingly familiar Oedipal trajectory . In the heroin sequences , he is comforted by an old lady who says he looks like her son . His drugged state is like a return to the womb , robbed of adult pressures . Her taking his watch reinforces the timelessness of this state , doubly significant for a man whose career depends on timetables and precision.<br /><br />Oedipus was the first detective , and to avoid his fate , Doyle must reject this false mother who is dissolving his unified identity , and kill the father ( Charnier ) so that he can take his accepted masculine role in society . Psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 70s(ironically instigated by a Frenchman , Jacques Lacan ) , but it 's rare to see a film so literally full of it . < br /><br />If all of these facts tended towards the minimising of Doyle , then the film 's style does n't . Friedkin distanced us from his hero by refusing empathy or character motivation , focusing on the mechanics of plot . Here , Doyle is a very conventional Hollywood hero . Instead of being lost in murky long shot , he is made knowable and understandable to the viewer with the traditional devices - point - of - view shots , close ups , connecting shots etc.<br /><br />TWO is all about the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle . Plot in this case is subservient to the acting , which is the usual Hackman showiness . The cold turkey scenes , therefore , despite their tediousness , are not disturbing . We are allowed to share rather than coldly observe ; this a far less discomforting experience . The scenes are also shot through with a lachrymose manly sentimentality that is very American . < br /><br />So while CONNECTION tried to imitate the complex thrillers of Jean Pierre Melville , TWO does the complete opposite . Melville 's LE SAMOURAI featured a gangster who started the film whole , powerful , outside language , and charted his eventual disintegration . TWO starts with a disintegrated character , achieved partly through inability with language , whose dominance begins when he steps outside language - the concluding action sequences are largely wordless . < br /><br />In the film , the locale and language are important as they fixed and undermined the detective , but as he regains his power ( figured in the return of his gun , and the cathartic burning of the primal site of vulnerability , the tower block where Charnier held him ) , the Marseilles setting becomes more irrelevant , and the mythic stand - off , which could take place anywhere , takes over . Compare the endings of the two films : one admits ambiguity and despair , the other absolute certainty.<br /><br / >
0 What made the French Connection work so well was the relationship between Doyle ( Hackman ) and Russo ( Scheider ) . In this catastrophe directed by Frankenheimer ( who also brought us such gems as Raindeer Games and the Island of Dr. Moreau ) the movie focuses on Doyle and his singular obsession of capturing Charnier ( Rey ) . The fictitious idea that the NYPD would allow Doyle to travel to Marseilles to find Charnier with the help of the French local authorities is laugh out loud funny . Correct me if I 'm wrong , but did n't Charnier skip town with 65 pounds of pure smack ! ! ! A street value of 32 million but yeah , let 's send Doyle to find this guy , it was his pinch after all . Please ! ! ! The story was weak . The acting was terrible ( with the lone exception of Hackman , who completely overplayed his part ) . The direction was all over the place . Even the cuts between scenes were terrible . Do yourself a favor and watch the first installment twice and skip this one .
0 This film is basically two hours of Dafoe 's character drinking himself - nearly literally - to death . The only surprise in this film is that you did n't have enough clues or character knowledge to be surprised . It was just a grim , sad waste of time.<br /><br />Willem Dafoe is excellent actor . Peter Stormare is an excellent actor . But this film just sucked . Slow does n't make the movie bad , it was just bad . The sketchy plot mixed with artistic ramblings of anamorphic detail are n't cohesively drawn together in a meaningful way for a plot except to highlight some gore which is illustrated from several perspectives , finally at the end . I really appreciate the artistic vision , but as entertainment , it put me to sleep . ( Seriously , I fell asleep and had to re - watch the film - which was even more disappointing.)<br /><br />I generally do n't like to make negative comments or reviews on the works of others , even when they suck , but this film warranted one . It 's just too bad that these great actors were shamed with this end result .
0 This is an interesting idea gone bad . The hidden meanings in art left as clues by a serial killer sounds intriguing , but the execution in " Anamorph " is excruciatingly slow and without much interest . There is no other way to describe the film except boring . The death clues are the only interesting part of " Anamorph " . Everything connecting them is tedious . Willem Dafoe gives a credible performance as the investigator , but he has little to do with a script that is stretched to the limit . Several supporting character actors are wasted , including Peter Stormare as the art expert , James Rebhorn as the police chief , Paul Lazar as the medical examiner , and most notably Deborah Harry , who is featured on the back of the DVD case , yet only has a couple lines spoken through a cracked door . Not recommended . - MERK
0 A well put together entry in the serial killer genre that unfortunately gets mired down in its own pretentiousness to be really satisfying . Willem Dafoe is superb as a NYC detective trying to track down what appears to be a copycat using the same Renaissance art - related killing techniques used in a series of murders he solved years earlier . Scott Speedman is Dafoe 's junior partner and they have pretty good chemistry ( at least for a while ) . Other characters pop up to conveniently tie the two cases together . Clea Duval is the friend of an earlier victim and Peter Stormare is some sort of art broker / mentor to Dafoe ... that 's a bit hard to take , although Stormare is , of course , never dull . The film 's ending is particularly disappointing . Look fast for Deborah Harry as Dafoe 's less than forthcoming neighbor .
0 you must be seeing my comments over many films under Evren Buyruk .. I am off to make another comment over a movie that is not even worth a minute of talking though .. This film is basically two hours of Dafoe 's character drinking himself - nearly literally - to death . The only surprise in this film is that you did n't have enough clues or character knowledge to be surprised . It was just a grim , sad waste of time.<br /><br />Willem Dafoe is excellent actor . Peter Stormare is an excellent actor . But this film just sucked . Slow does n't make the movie bad , it was just bad . The sketchy plot mixed with artistic ramblings of anamorphic detail are n't cohesively drawn together in a meaningful way for a plot except to highlight some gore which is illustrated from several perspectives , finally at the end . I really appreciate the artistic vision , but as entertainment , it put me to sleep . ( Seriously , I fell asleep and had to re - watch the film - which was even more disappointing . ) I generally do n't like to make negative comments or reviews on the works of others , even when they suck , but this film warranted one . It 's just too bad that these great actors were shamed with this end result .
0 I should say right away that I checked the spoilers box only because I 'm giving this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this mess of a movie deserves , and do n't want to be held responsible for some plot point incidentally slipping out.<br /><br />This comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this movie , having just watched it , and the unique effect this has renders one incapable of the sort of forethought and paragraph structure required for coherent , reasoned criticism . That is not a compliment . It is n't the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought provoking movie . The feelings it stirs up combine like some uncomfortable emotional Voltron , composed of a confusing mix of some form of rage , the vague desire to take a shower , the rudderless , sinking feeling of true betrayal one gets when they realize they have given 109 minutes of their lives into the hands of someone who would not only squander it , but do so in such a pompous , artless way . And I probably would n't have done anything super productive with that 109 minutes anyway ! But even if I 'd spent it on something trivial , like a power block of masturbation and online poker , I would have felt more fulfilled when all was said and done.<br /><br />The problems with this movie are myriad , and in better times I 'd articulate exactly what they were in a semi - adult fashion . But in keeping with what this movie deserves , I think I 'll most likely stick to the realm of masturbation jokes and cartoon references.<br /><br />The most irritating and terminal flaw is that while watching this movie one is keenly aware that the makers and participants think they are making a much smarter movie than they are . Demonstrating the depth of knowledge one could pick up in a one semester survey of Western art history at a community college or trade school , the art - jargon is piled on thick and from all directions , with much of it supplied by talk between our hero , the tortured detective Stan ( Willem Dafoe , who I will forgive for this movie due to him being Willem Dafoe ) and his accented antique dealer buddy Blair ( Peter Stormare , taking a break from playing a sociopath for whom murder comes easy by playing a 2-dimensional plot device in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder comes easy ) . And talk they do . In fact , we are dropped into this story at a crime scene that may indicate the reemergence of a serial killer Stan thinks he killed years earlier , so all the back story is established partially through unclear flashback , but primarily through stilted conversations between Stan and his dealer , or Stan and his colleague , the unforgivably irritating Carl ( Scott Speedman ) . And although I differentiate the character Carl ( Scott Speedman ) from the actor who plays him by using parentheses , I must admit that very early on in the film I despised this character so much that I actually found myself sincerely wishing harm on the actor portraying him ( Scott Speedman ) . Not anything too fancy . Not death or paralysis , necessarily .. But maybe herpes ? Or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm ? This is a dangerous digression , but I 'm not editing it out because I want to leave anyone reading this who 's thinking about paying to see this train wreck of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible wishes and feelings it stirs in even the most peaceful man.<br /><br />Well , I 'm sort of running out of steam here .. over the course of writing this the sick feelings this movie brought up in a me have subsided , my head has cleared a bit . Realizing now that I 'm still investing time in something related to this piece of sh!t is startlingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidally heavy drinking next to the heaving form of a still slumbering 200 pound college girl . Your first urge is a desperate desire to flee . This is natural .
0 This story about three women is a very sensitive study about : Muriël ( Charlotte Van Den Eynde ) the youngest , Laura ( Els Dottermans ) who is about 37 and Martha ( Frieda Pittors ) the oldest who is the mother of Muriël . They live together in the same building . They have different expectations of life . The vital Laura wants a child . Muriël comes from a village and wants to change her life in Brussels . Martha dreams about her youth when she was a young girl . In fact nothing happens in this movie so you wait for something - for instances an accident - which could dramatize this story . As times goes on , you discover that the director Dorothée Van Den Berghe only wants to develop a psychological portrait of the three women and nothing more . This movie is disappointing because you expect the women to learn from their experiences which is not the case , so one is left with a feeling of emptiness .
0 Where to start , this movie started badly and ended badly ! It consists of extremely poor acting and unrealistic effects that had me cringing in my seat , seriously , my cat could have acted better than this lot.<br /><br />Some of it was actually laughable because it was so unbelievable , i would of rated this lower but they have n't got anything else ! So , heed my warning and unless your so bored your close to suicide and would like a good reason to continue with your suicide mission , do n't bother with this one . I 'm still in shock that this could actually be released to the public , this should be a crime and all involved should be arrested . I gather you 've got the gist by now so i 'll leave it up to you to decide .
0 The Legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaskan wilderness & starts as a relative of some murderous deceased occultist Lumberjack reads incantations ( The Evil Dead ( 1982 ) style ) from an ancient spell book in an attempt to resurrect him , he succeeds & not being a big believer in family unity the Lumberjack dude kills his relative . Two days later & Ray ( Travis Quentin Young ) along with his sister Dawn ( Erica Hoag ) , her boyfriend Nick ( Craig Bonacorsi ) & four of their friends pull up outside a cosy log cabin ( The Evil Dead style ... ) with a view to a relaxing weekend in the wilderness . Unfortuntaely the killer Lumberjack dude show 's up with his axe & starts to slaughter the friends one - by - one ... <br /><br />Edited , written , executive produced & directed by Todd Portugal this is a pretty rotten modern slasher flick the likes of which are killing the horror genre for me , I 'm just not a big fan of ultra low budget horror films with the production values of a holiday video . The script is absolutely terrible in every way for 80 minutes , it has every bad slasher cliché , the character 's are awful , the dialogue is terrible & it 's hard to care about anyone or anything in this pretty worthless excuse for a teen slasher film . The teens are even more annoying & stupid than usual , the script is more moronic , predictable & flawed than usual & the killer Lumberjack dude is just lame . Then there 's the final 10 minutes or so which , if you make it that far & believe it 's tough going , produces one of the worst twist ending in slasher film history which as far as I 'm concerned pokes fun at us the paying audience who has just had to sit through 90 minutes worth of crap . I will now spoil the ending so anyone who does n't want to know it stop reading now . Basically just before the end of the film it cuts back to Ray telling a story & it turns out he was telling the story of what we had just seen & Nick & Dawn & everyone else berates him for telling such a bad story ( I felt their pain ) & then proceed to pick holes in it & laugh at it . From saying why did they stand around & argue , why did n't they pick the axe up & such things , I felt like this was poking fun at the audience as those were the sorts of things I was asking myself while watching this crap & to have it shoved down my throat & made perfectly clear that the makers knew the script was crap & could see all the holes in it & went for a twist ending which unashamedly rubbishes the preceding 80 minutes ( which we have just had to sit through remember ) is just a little grating . Then to add insult to injury the Lumberjack dude turns up & kills everyone within two minutes , why did n't he do that to start with ? It would have saved everyone a lot of time.<br /><br />Director Portugal turns in a real mess , this has the worst continuity between night & day in a film I have ever seen . The whole film is meant to set at night & I suspect the makers tried to use the day for night process but it did n't work & most of it looks like it is set during the day . For example , look at when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom & she climbs out of the window . It is clearly pitch black outside when we are looking out from inside the bathroom but when she falls to the ground & the films cuts to an exterior shot it 's bright daylight . Then there 's the fact Ranger Vince says we ca n't get a search party out here until ' the morning ' indicating it was supposed to be night , then several minutes later when he walks outside & it looks like it 's the middle of the day he is actually carrying around a torch which is clearly on & he is clearly pointing it in the directions where he is looking like it 's night . Anytime there is a scene set in the cabin look at the windows , it 's pitch black outside & when the Ranger walks in through the door to start with is also another clear example . The continuity in this film is simply the worst I have ever seen . There is n't much gore , there are a few scenes of an axe going into people bodies but nothing memorable . It 's not scary , there 's no tension or atmosphere & the appalling day & night continuity is just so distracting because it 's so obvious.<br /><br />Technically the film is rock bottom , again the continuity between night & day has to been seen to be believed how bad it is . The special effects are poor & they could n't even afford to show a car blowing up even though it 's pretty vital to the plot . This has amateur hour written all over it from start to finish . The acting is absolutely brilliant & everyone involved should get an Oscar , nah only joking , not really they were utterly awful & even the girls who got their breasts out were n't very good looking.<br /><br />The Legend of Bloody Jack is just an awful teen slasher flick , it looks like it was shot on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or steadycam , it has awful effects , is boring & has a twist ending which is either the most insulting in horror film history or I 've got it totally wrong & it 's the most clever . Not recommended , watch a decent slasher from the 70 's or 80 's to remind you how they should be done .
0 I had no expectations other than to be entertained for 90 minutes , and that is exactly what I was.<br /><br />Of course it is campy , of course some of the dialog was n't perfect , of course the " special effects " were a bit hokey . That is exactly why I enjoyed the movie so much . It is a perfect fit for this genre of a 70 's Horror classic.<br /><br />The talent needs to start some where , that goes for the actors and the crew , and what better piece of material to sharpen your skills on than this.<br /><br />I for one look forward to another film from these producers and directors .
0 Moron and girlfriend conduct some ritual to resurrect the dead , in attempt to prove that the dead can not be brought back to life . Not surprisingly , they do resurrect a dead soul who commences chopping them up with an axe , and the next day some college aged people are telling the story around a campfire . The guy with the axe turns up and starts hacking up the idiots telling the story . The group calls the cops , the cop sees blood splattered all over and thinks it 's a mountain lion ( ! ? ) and soon after is axed by some deformed killer who may or may not be a ghost.<br /><br />Moronic little splatter movie which was filmed in broad daylight but where several characters are carrying flashlights and talking as though it were the middle of the night , and wanting to send up a signal flare to attract attention . One guy has a gun in one hand and bullets in the other but does n't bother to load it , then after he finally loads it , he has several opportunities to shoot the killer but does n't bother to , because that would end the movie too early . Then he throws the gun away ! Also detrimental is characters who show no emotion and do n't look the least bit concerned after their friends are chopped up into pieces and lousy effects ( the human heart looks like a piece of chicken meat , the car blown up at the end clearly was a model car ) and awful dialogue and some really ugly female nudity does n't help . And in the end it tries to get away with it 's incoherence by saying that it was all the invention of the same college aged people telling campfire stories at the start of this movie . < br /><br />Then the killer turns up for real in the last scene hacks them into pieces . Again.<br /><br />Mediocre of it 's kind , good only for some unintended laughs.<br /><br />*1/2 out of * * * *
0 Starring an unknown cast which seem likely to remain that way , this " film " is yet another cheap slasher flick which amazes me how this was released . I have no problem with horrors and slasher flicks in particular , in fact they are my favourites . But when they are done THIS BAD , it really does take the monkey and its no wonder the genre has such a hard time . The story is as clichéd and without imagination as possible with a bunch of people in a cabin out in the woods being slashed and hacked up by this zombie / ghost guy . Its not the story that sucks the most , its the atrocious acting and dialouge , home made directing quality and an awful soundtrack . Not to mention laughable effects and some incredibly lazy film making - these morons are outside in clear daylight yet we are meant to believe it 's night ? ? What the hell was the director thinking with this move ? What , he had only one day to film all this in ? He was scared of the dark ? ( Is hilarious seeing a cop walking around in pure daylight with a torch acting as if its pitch black , though)<br /><br />I guess the positive side for the actors is they look like people who work in the local supermarket so at least they could possibly escape from this film without ever being noticed . I m sure one of the " teens " plays bingo down the local pub - but she 's 40 - 45.<br /><br />Anyway , good for a laugh but just another waste of film and time .
0 I really wish i could give this a negative vote , because i think i just wasted 83 minutes of my life watching the worst horror movie ever put to film . the acting was just god awful , i mean REALLLYYYY bad , the dialog was worse , the script sounded like it was written by .... i ca n't think of anything horrible enough to say . And the day " outside " and the night " inside " shots make you think the events took over several days . Terribly acted , directed , written , etc etc . all the way down to the gofer how gets lunch for everyone . STAY AWAY FROM THIS ONE AT ALL COSTS . If my only saving grace to stay out of hell is by doing one good deed , it is to tell the world to not watch this crap . This movie is the exact reason why horror movies are never taken seriously .
0 Oh my , where to start ... this movie was just awful . The writing was bad , acting was bad , special effects were bad . I think the only good thing about this movie is that it made me laugh ! I was in the mood for a scary movie but certainly did n't get that ! I thought it would be decent enough since i 'm not picky . i 've watched several bad horror movies . In fact , it is my goal to see all horror movies , not matter how awful they may be . At one point in the movie i made a comment about the " corn syrup blood " and in the special features they actually admit that it was Karo syrup ( brand name corn syrup ... ) The movie had all the necessary things for a horror movie ( blood , nudity , crazy killer , stupid moves ) but it was just completely lacking anything to really make it good . The writer should either take some classes or just give up !
0 Guys who - ever even THINKS about watching this movie has already got some disturbance going through their heads .. This movie has NOTHING to do with Jack the Ripper ( incase you thought ) its another B , i mean E - Grade movie comprised of a bunch of horny teens in certain sex scenes being watched just before they get their spleens splattered on a nearby tree . Its not scary , funny or amusing . If you really feel like gory stuff with no plot , then watch Cabin Fever , at least the director did not fall asleep midway through directing this crap.only watch this if you absolutely have nothing to do in life & the only thing on TV is Oprah Winfrey crying on the TV set .
0 I 'm a Christian who generally believes in the theology taught in Left Behind . That being said , I think Left Behind is one of the worst films I 've seen in some time.<br /><br />To have a good movie , you need to have a well - written screenplay . Left Behind fell woefully short on this . For one thing , it radically deviates from the book . Sometimes this is done to condense a 400-page novel down to a two - hour film , but in this film I saw changes that made no sense whatsoever.<br /><br />Another thing , there is zero character development . When characters in the story get saved ( I wo n't say who ) , the book makes it clear that it 's a long , soul - searching process . In the film it 's quick and artificial . The book is written decently enough where people like Rayford Steele , Buck Williams and Hattie Durham seem real , but in the movie scenarios are consistently given the quick treatment without anything substantial . In another scene where one character gets angry about being left behind ( again , I wo n't say who ) , it seems artificial.<br /><br />I realize as a Christian it 's unedifying for me to say I disliked this film , but I ca n't in a good conscience recommend a film that I feel was horribly done . Perhaps it would 've been better to make the first book into 2 - 3 films . Either way , Christians need to realize that to be taken seriously as filmmakers , we need to start by putting together a film in a quality way . I realize a lot of effort probably went into Left Behind , but that 's the way I see it .
0 It 's been a while since seeing this the first time , so I watched it again with the second movie in the series . While I realize there is a 3rd movie out that I have n't seen yet , I 'll review under the original title ... <br /><br />Just from the standpoint of production value , screen writing , and movie making , this movie fails on many levels , though it succeeds on a few as well . What can you expect from a low - budget , " B " movie ? Not much , and it works from the standpoint of production . However , the writing is certainly disjointed , with little in the way of character development ... exactly what I 'd expect when there is an agenda to a film . I did n't have a problem with the acting ... the cast is solid ; however , the screenplay in both movies gives the actors little opportunity to really stretch themselves . Because the film is " Christian , " this is predictable , as you ca n't very well portray violent chaos of the " end times " without also breaking some of the ethics which are normally associated with Christianity . In other words , the mistake comes in making this into a G - rated film when the content , even in the most conservative of Bible interpretations , would be R - rated by any measure . So , if the purpose of the movie is to scare people into Christian faith , then the movie should be somewhat scary , right ? However , you ca n't comment on a film adaptation from a book without commenting on the book , or in this case , series of books . There are certainly plenty of Christian materials worthy enough to be made into movies ... but not the " Left Behind " series ... and these movies ultimately fail because , while being best - sellers , they are poorly written novels based on bad theology.<br /><br />As a Southern Baptist minister , I confess that the books were a guilty pleasure for me , though I have yet to finish the last two books of the series . I have described them as decent fiction , and if the books would take the point of view that this is one " possibility " or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology ( study of the " end times ) , then I could live with that . However , this series is divisive in Christian circles because it promotes the " literalist " interpretation of all Scripture above a more proper hermeneutic . Inevitably , this leads to the " pre - trib , pre - millenial " dispensation point of view , which confines an all - powerful God far too by humanity 's world . In other words , as I 've always said , God should n't need our helicopters and bombs to do his ultimate work . But because many people , particularly unstudied Christians , ca n't think beyond their own world - views , we are left with a pro - conservative , fundamentalist stance with regard to Bible interpretation , and attempts to push it through as the " only " interpretation.<br /><br />Thus , the books carry with them an agenda , not so much to get the " lost " to understand their need for Christ , but to state that the fundamentalist point of view is the only valid way to understand the Bible . I recall very clearly reading ( several years ago ) in the second novel a scene where the characters reference a person who was " left behind " BECAUSE of his non - adherence to this point of view ; as if " real " christians worthy to be " raptured " could n't possibly hold to another eschatology . This is disturbing for several reasons , the least of which is because a " rapture " is only briefly mentioned in Scripture and it 's connection to real , end - time prophecy is tenuous at best.<br /><br />But the real issue with these books is comes in the way they divide the Christian community and how they portray " true " Christian behavior . Ultimately , I feel they harden more people to an otherwise legitimate faith / religion instead of win people towards it . It turns all Christians into caricatures , equally disdained and laughed at by the world despite the fact that there is theological room for a wide diversity of believes within Christian thought and practice . As a Christian body , on the whole , we 've done enough of that kind of damage to society over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do n't need to promote it by film to thousands , maybe millions of others.<br /><br />Thus , the " Left Behind " movies fail because the " Left Behind " books are n't worthy to be interpreted into movies .
0 Okay , now , I know there are millions of Americans who believe in The Rapture : that moment when all people born again in Christ will be raptured up to meet God and all the rest of humanity will be left on earth to perish in plagues and fire and the heartbreak of psoriasis as the Antichrist battles it out with Jesus ( in an uncharacteristically warlike mode ) . And I know the books were best sellers . . .among believers , anyway . And I mean no disrespect to all that.<br /><br />But I have to say , they stuffed this movie into a sack and beat it with the Suck Stick.<br /><br />I'm sure the books are much better . Really.<br /><br />The plot needs no reprising . If you 've watched this movie , chances are you read the book . I may be one of the only people on earth who actually watched this just for the sheer bad - moving - making experience , and I was n't disappointed . Especially not by Kirk Cameron , the creepy little " Growing Pains " gremlin , who came of age on that show , found Christ , and decided that the SHOW should reflect his Christian values . Well , Kirk , your career has gone to the dogs , but now you can be happy that you 're spreading the word of God in movies so bad , they never even make it to theatrical release . Well , that 's not strictly true : I guess this was the only movie ever made that went to DVD FIRST , with a voucher for a free viewing of the movie when it was briefly released in theaters ! I still have the voucher ! How many people do you suppose showed up ? I do n't know about you , but it never came to my town . Of course , I live in NYC , where we Godless liberals sit around tearing pages out of the bible and use them to roll joints . So there you go . In fact , I 'll bet out of three million people on Manhattan Island , not one would be raptured.<br /><br />Check out the supplementary materials on the DVD , where you 'll learn the creepy behind the scenes details of these movies . . .the CAST and CREW all must be of the same religious mindset . They do n't come right out and say this , but listen closely to what the filmmakers say . It 's like a bunch of Pod People got together to make a Pod movie . How creepazoid is that ? Honestly , this stuff just preaches to the converted , does n't it ? Can you imagine anyone who DOESN'T subscribe to the whole apocalypse thing watching this , slapping his forehead and saying , " HOLY HOOVER DAM ! I better get saved PRONTO ! " Anyhow , I 'm hooked . I got ta see the rest of these Christian fiasco movies , especially the one with Gary Busey , which I think is TRIBULATIONS . At least Busey has an excuse for taking the part .. . .he cracked his head on some pavement when he crashed his motorcycle.<br /><br />Oy.<br /><br />Oh , and one more thing . What 's with all the shots of poor , innocent dogs whimpering , their leashes dragging uselessly along the ground , because their owners have been called to heaven ? What 's up with that ? Are we supposed to feel badly for the dogs , and if we do , what are we to make of God ? Does n't it IRK people that there 's no room in heaven for man 's best friend ? Foo.<br /><br />This is one more reason I 'm agnostic . Good night and good luck .
0 If you are wondering where many of the conspiracy theories and paranoid ideas about the the UN , Israel , and international affairs come from , look no further.<br /><br />This is n't a supernatural Hollywood film loosely based on some biblical passage . Instead , this movie was made by a company ( Cloud Ten Pictures ) with a political and religious agenda . As a movie , the end result at times more looks like clips out of a televangelism program ( complete with family prayers and light breaking through church windows while harps are playing).<br /><br />For mainstream viewers , it may be hard to believe , but many people believe in this stuff literally , as presented in the movie . And that , perhaps , makes the movie important . You probably wo n't find a more concise exposition of the bizarre views of a significant number of your fellow citizens . So , if you view it , view it as a social / cultural document . If you are at all media savvy , you do n't need to be warned about the unsubtle attempts at propaganda and manipulation in the movie .
0 I am a Christian ... and I feel this movie is awful.<br /><br />Nobody but hard - core , Bible - belt Christians are going to like this movie . The message is just too in your face . If you want to touch a wider audience , you have to be way more subtle . You ca n't have the dad waving the bible around and carrying it with him in EVERY scene . RIDICULOUS ! < br /><br />Poor direction . The reveal of people missing should have been terrifying , but it was laughable . They leave their clothes on the ground ? It reminded me of old Ed Wood movies : " Oh my God ! People are missing ! " That scene in the plane is just stupid . Think about it : if you found your relative 's clothes next to you , you would n't just scream " oh my god . they disappeared ! they 're missing ! " and start crying and yelling . You would first be in denial ... you just would n't jump to that conclusion . Watch Jodie Foster in FLIGHTPLAN . My favorite shot is the dog sitting out on the lawn with a pile of clothes and boots sitting next to him . I about fell off the couch I was laughing so hard.<br /><br />The music was so bad and so distracting . It was as if the composer was in his own world scoring his own movies . " here 's my chance to do a thriller " , " here 's my chance to do action ! " STOP TELLING ME HOW TO FEEL JAMES COVELL ! A good score supports what 's happening on the screen ... this movie needed more of an UNDER score , but instead it was as much in your face as the message was.<br /><br />The writing was bland . So was Captain Christian Kirk Cameron . Chelsea was the worse : " you do n't understand ! People are missing ! " . Brad Johnson was laughable . The two stand out performances came from the Anti - Christ and the older guy ( sorry , ca n't remember their names ) In watching the " making of " ( to answer my question of " what were they thinking ? ? ? " ) , the producers and filmmakers and actors are just deluding themselves ... saying " we 're gon na reach wide audiences " and " brad Johnson is amazing " and " this is just like a Hollywood movie " . I came to the conclusion that they just do n't know what the " heck " they are doing.<br /><br />I commend the effort . Getting the message to a wide audience is a fantastic idea . Film is the best medium possible to do that . Look at movies like WIDE AWAKE , SIGNS , CONTACT , PASSION OF Christ , even O'BROTHER , WHERE ART THOU ? The bottom line is that the film needed to be made by people who have talent and vision . Unfortunately , it was not .
0 I grew up Baptist and I know the story this movie is trying to tell , although I no longer believe the story . I 'll give the movie kudos for being as good as the average Lifetime Movie of the Week . Mildly interesting , mediocre acting , a bit slow , the script is predictable , the music is sappy , and it is a bit melodramatic . And all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non - Christians , ever . Not a single curse word from any of them . But I laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the United Nations pronounced " nuclear " as " nu - cu - ler , " just like Bush . Is there some Christian code of honor that mandates that since Bush claims he , too , is called by God , that all Christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does ? LOL ! I really had a difficult time taking the movie seriously at all after that . After the " nu - cu - ler " incident , the movie began to feel like packaged , manipulative propaganda . I was looking for something bold . Actually , I was looking for something that might make me think , but I did n't find it here . If you 're looking for mindless entertainment , stop here - it 's good for killing a rainy afternoon . But if you 're looking for intelligence , look elsewhere .
0 * review may contain spoilers*<br /><br />predictable , campy , bad special effects . it has a TV - movie feeling to it . the idea of the UN as being taken over by Satan is an interesting twist to the end of the world according to the bible . the premise is interesting , but its excution falls waaaay short . if you want to convert people to Christianity with a film like this , at least make it a quality one ! i was seriously checking my watch while watching this piece of dreck . ca n't say much else about this film since i saw it over a year ago , and there is n't really much to say about this film other than ..... skip it !
0 Left Behind is the kind of " we know what we know cause we know it " movie that Christians ( and most any other naive person ) needs to help them feel like what they " THINK " and " BELIEVE " ( not " KNOW " ) is right . But , at the same time I feel bad for the little guys , because this is not a well made film . It does not help ANY message . I work at a video store , and I KNOW the ONLY reason people went to see this movie was because they were religious and they thought it was . ANYBODY on this earth who THINKS they know what will happen in the future is wrong , unless they think they know that they do n't know . I 've had about enough ( but only after I 've had too much ) of these people walking around with their noses in the air thinking that a movies starring a semi - talented TV actor means something above me.<br /><br />Please , if you love yourself you 'll stay away . I refuse to go into any detail about this movie ( not because A - I did n't see it ( because I did ) , B - it was too shocking for my atheist - self to handle ( because it was n't ) , or C - I really do n't have anything to say bad about it ( because I do ) . The Reason , ( which is a word nobody who helped make this movie understands ) is that I want this movie out of my head , I want that it was made out of my head , I want that I watched ALL OF IT WITH AN OPEN MIND out of my head , I want the message that Kirk so proudly and coachly gives at the end of the movie out of my head . I only want all the things that were in my head BEFORE viewing this movies there , anything directly connected with this movie that 's floating in my head GET OUT ! My peaceful rage is ending . I 'm sorry that somebody in this world went to the theater to see this movie about what could happen in the future ( but wo n't ) when they could have given that Seven Dollars Plus to any number of Human , Animal , or Rain Forest charity . But if they did that then they would n't be able to " BELIEVE " in the fact that it 's real , they might have to fact what is . LEFT BEHIND ZERO ( out of * * * * )
0 I watched about 30 minutes into this film before I finally got sick of getting bludgeoned over the head with this movie . The soundtrack , the so - called ' plot ' , and each and every actor . It 's like they all think they 're the main part of the movie and scream " NOTICE ME ! " over and over again . The bad guy has his bad - guy music going on and says sinister bad - guy - like things , just in case you did n't quite catch on . The good guy does brave and noble things just in case you did n't know he was the good guy . And oh lord , the plane scene . " MY HUSBAND IS MISSING ! OH MY GOD ! IT 'S IMPOSSIBLE THAT HE GOT UP TO STRETCH HIS LEGS OR GO TO THE TOILET OR ANYTHING , HE MUST BE MISSING ! " ( And yes , I know , his clothes were still there , but honestly , she woke up and started to panic before she even had time to look at the damn seat he 'd been in.)<br /><br />As a religious girl , I want to apologize to the world for wasting the film this was printed on.<br /><br />And I want my 30 minutes back .
0 This reminds me of when I was a born - again believer who was going to be a minister . I never actually thought I would be a minister or even graduate from high school because I was almost positive I would be raptured to Heaven before that would ever happen . That was before I discovered that Christianity was a bunch rubbish . I am now an atheist , and that just proves that the " once saved always saved " doctorine that Christians tell us is no more real than elves . If it were true then why did I leave after many years of being a devout born again believer ? Yes , I really was saved . I prayed that silly sinners prayer with all my heart.<br /><br />If Christians were to read their Bible they would discover that their god thinks like rape , genocide , abortion , and many other atrocities are alright according to him . They might be surprised to learn that no where is the word " rapture " mentioned .
0 I 'm getting a little tired of people misusing God 's name to perpetuate their own bigoted view on the world . Well I do n't dismiss the idea of Armageddon , or the coming of the anti - Christ , I do dismiss the idea that only certain people who live truly good lives(They seem to be mostly white Christian children ) will go to Heaven , while the rest of us must suffer through a millenia of Hell on Earth , just because we were n't good enough . God may be a judge , but I do n't think He is going to measure every level of goodness . Give the Creator some credit .
0 I can not believe that they managed to spend US$ 17million on this film . Spectacularly bad acting , egregious scripting and effects that you could do on your average PC , unbelievable plot contrivances ... a reporter who can get an inexperienced stewardess a major job at the UN ? What ? Not only that , but the message of this film is so unsubtle that you come out feeling as if they 've tried to batter you over the head with a full size crucifix . All this movie will do will preach to the choir and make everyone else laugh at such a ridiculous waste of money . If the makers of this film really wanted to sway people to christianity and show what it means to truly believe , they would have used the money to help people truly in need . Now , /that/ might have swayed some people into actually listening to them .
0 I like end - of - days movies . I like B - movies . I was hoping I would like this movie.<br /><br />I could ignore the poor effects , the often atrocious music , the cringe - inducing lines . I could ignore the unexplained events , and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable , given the subject matter . I could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys . None of these things kill the movie . What kills this movie is that it 's just plain and simple boring . Nothing actually happens ; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators ' morals on the viewers , at the cost of actually having a coherent story , or any kind of suspense.<br /><br />If you 're looking for an entertaining B - movie , look elsewhere . This movie is just boring .
0 This movie is one reason IMDB should allow a vote of 0/10 . The acting is awful , even what some here have lauded , the Carpathia character ! The script looks like it was written in haste . In one scene , the black preacher who was left behind , when asked by Buck what " dan7 " in the computer graphic meant , said , " Daniel 7 , * CHAPTER * 24 . " He probably meant VERSE 24 , but the film makers missed this slip up . Perhaps the worst part is that the film 's eschatological position is Biblically unsound . While many Christians have espoused the film 's interpretation of end - time events , such interpretation , in * my opinion * , is faulty . To understand these flaws , read " Christians Will Go Through The Tribulation " by Jim McKeever and " The Blessed Hope , A Biblical Study of the Second Advent and the Rapture " by George E. Ladd .
0 I find it sad that Christians ( and I am one ) feel that we must make movies like " Left Behind . " We have much better stories to tell that do n't have to be so preachy . I was very disappointed with this film . As an aspiring filmmaker who believes in Christ , I see this film as the perfect example for what I am not going to do with my career in film .
0 the only enjoyable thing about this highly mockable movie is playing " guess " that location . What Toronto landmark will stand in for what American / international location.<br /><br />who knew that the anti - christ would be russian ? obviously he ca n't be american since we need the yanks to save the day - oh Buck ... you 'll tell us all the truth ... you 'll show us the light ... and the way outta the building should those nasty anti - christers get their way.<br /><br />Five golden raspberries . Faith is not enough to hope they do n't make another of this ilk ! We do n't got ta prayer .
0 This movie which was released directly on video should carry a warning label that it is dangerous to human health and may subject the viewer to terminal boredom . It is yet another thinly veiled , evangalizing " rapture " religious movie with the good guys ( the believers ) suddenly vanishing and the bad guys ( the non - believers)left behind . It 's an interesting concept , especially since we see it happen on a flight captained by a non - believer who is having a sinful affair with a stewardess aboard ( needless to say that sinner does n't disappear either ! ) . Unhappily , with all the pilots being non - believers , the plane did not crash or the movie would have been mercifully over . Though this could have be interesting without the heavy religious browbeating , as a whole the plodding movie makes one gag , the acting is horrible and the obviously computer - generated simulations are very fake looking . Plus it 's yet another movie shot in Canada that purports to be New York City . Spare me ... I'll just read the Bible .
0 There are no words to explain how bad NIGHTMARE WEEKEND is . It simply defies description . Something about a computer that can change personal objects into silver balls that enter the victims ' mouth , which kills them or turns them into zombies . The whole thing is so wonky that it 's stunning . There 's also a girl with personal computer in her room and the computer talks via a hand puppet ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I 'm not making this stuff up . The computer also controls things like cars , even though there 's nothing linking the computer with the vehicle.<br /><br />The " film " is total trash . Surreal bad trash . Spectacularly , one - of - a - kind bad trash . There 's a lot of sex scenes thrown here and there , which are n't very hot or erotic . There 's even one scene where a woman seemingly makes love or wants to French kiss a tarantula , which had me rolling on the floor.<br /><br />Definitely one of the worst movies ever made . Up there with the equally wretched direct - to - home video BOARDINGHOUSE , or BOOGEYMAN II ( both NIGHTMARE WEEKEND and BOOGEYMAN II have scenes with a killer toothbrush ! ) . At least it 's fun to watch it and try to make sense of whatever is going on .
0 Somehow a woman working with a scientist puts round metal balls into people 's mouths that supposedly changes their personality but in reality turns them into crazed , zombie - like killers . The " guinea pigs " for the experiment are scantily - clad , nubile young women in desperate need of acting lessons . This movie is awful , atrocious , and amazingly bad . It has little to no logic in the script . You really will have trouble following what is going on . It has no special effects . The computer screen that is supposedly representing a huge scientific advancement looks nothing more than an old Atari screen . And what is even worse is that there is also a puppet with strands of felt hair(looks like a lonely kid at summer camp made it ) named George that is like a personal servant / confidant to Jessica(the leading " actress " ) . Throughout the movie you will be subjected to the idiotic , sophmoric utterings of this puppet . But wait ... you also get loads of softcore , unerotic , barely nude scenes with the girls with some bar guys . All the while a most annoying soundtrack plays in the background like some kind of spiritual discovery has taken place . None of the actors are good . There are just varying degrees of bad . The gore and " horror " aspects are especially ineptly filmed . The film really looks like an adolescent put it together . No coincidence Henry Sala , the director by name but not by trade , has not made another film . I was bored almost into a coma watching this stupid , silly , dreck ! And how bout the ending ? What happened ? If you know let me in on the secret because for the life of me I can not figure it out . All I know is that I lost the time spent watching this garbage that made the beginning of my weekend a real nightmare of a bore !
0 Sniffing girl 's panties kills a guy ... and a stupid freaky puppet says a lot of stupid freaky things ...... My eyes could not leave the screen , my finger could not leave the Fast Forward button .... I had to rewatch this spectacle to see if I had really experienced what I thought ... I did ..... God help us all !
0 Nightmare Weekend stars a cast of ridiculous actors with even less of an idea of what is going on than the director had , if you can imagine that . There is no decipherable plot or story , the special effects are a joke , and even the sound is terrible . This film was directed by Henry Sala . It was the only film that he ever directed , and the reason is obvious .
0 The acting in this movie stinks . The plot makes very little sense , but from what I gathered it 's supposed to be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn people 's personal items into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies ( or blow their heads up , whichever ) . And the effects are lousy , too . Most of the movie consists of bad music , with the actors dancing equally as badly to the bad music , interspersed with multiple boring sex scenes . This should be one of the worst things ever made , but for one thing . One element of shear brilliance that makes " Nightmare Weekend " stand above all others . And that special quality is the presence of George.<br /><br />George is the lovable interface device between the scientist 's daughter , Jessica , and the home computer security system . With his green hair and nose , balding scalp , and heart - shaped mouth , George is the guardian angel / confidant to Jessica , who asks him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic pieces of dialogue ever captured on celluloid . With his monotone synthesized voice , George tells Jessica what percentages of males prefer women in white dresses , and also that hitch - hiking is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bars . Of course , little Jessica just ca n't seem to stay out of trouble , causing George to execute " Emergency Program Code : Protection Jessica " , which results in the violent death of Jessica 's would - be assailant via one of the aforementioned steel balls.<br /><br />Kubrick was an utter fool for thinking he could give a computer personality using closeups of a red light . HAL should have been represented by our friend George in order to better translate compassion for his eventual demise . The light and sound show at the end of " Close Encounters " ? Not bad , but how much better would that movie had been if the means of first communication with the aliens had been George the Hand Puppet . Bishop , Data , R2  kitchen appliances next to the Almighty George ! He might only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90 , but do n't be fooled . This show is all about George . With even that limited amount of screentime , George joins the ranks of such luminous film characters as Hollywood Montrose , Majai , and Pappy from " New Moon Rising " as icons of American cinema . " George to Apache "  you are my hero .
0 It seems like anybody can make a movie nowadays . It 's like all you need is a camera , a group of people to be your cast and crew , a script , and a little money and walla you have a movie . Problem is that talent is n't always part of this equation and often times these kind of low budget films turn out to be duds . The video store shelves are filled with these so called films . These are n't even guilty pleasures , they 're just a waste of celluloid that are better off forgotten . Troma Entertainment is known for making trash cinema , but most of their films are b movie gold . However , some of the films they 've put out they had nothing to do with making and some , like ' Nightmare Weekend , ' did n't deserve any form of release at all . < br /><br />Pros : The cast members do the best they can with the lousy material . Some unintentional hilarity . Moves at a good pace ( Should at 81 minutes).<br /><br />Cons : Awful writing , which includes putrid dialogue and countless plot holes . Poorly lit , especially the night scenes and the ending , which you ca n't make out at all . Does n't make a lick of sense . Badly scored . Cheap and very dated effects . Total lack of character development and you wo n't care about anybody . This is supposed to be a horror film , but it 's lacking in that area and is n't the least bit scary . Nothing interesting or exciting happens . Loaded with unnecessary padding.<br /><br />Final thoughts : I never expected this to be some forgotten gem , but I never imagined it would be this bad . I do n't know if it 's the worst film ever made , but it 's a definite contender . Troma should have let this film rot instead of giving it a release . Do n't make the same mistake I did and let your curiosity get the best of you.<br /><br />My rating : 1/5
0 I happen to be the director 's nephew . It 's taken me years to get my hands on a copy of this film and I can confirm that it is indeed one of the worst movies of all time . My uncle does n't even have a copy of it anymore ( I asked ) . I 'm looking forward to bringing him a copy.<br /><br />Currently the film 's average rating is 1.9/10 . As far as I can tell , that should put it somewhere in the mid-30s in the IMDb " bottom 100 , " however with only 206 votes , it has n't yet placed.<br /><br />It 's sad that the film does n't even get the respect of a bottom 100 title.<br /><br />Anyhow , I 'm giving copies of the movie to family members this year for holiday gifts . Best / Worst gift ever ?
0 Nightmare Weekend is proof positive that some people are so desperate to be ' in the movies ' they are prepared to do almost anything.<br /><br />I'm not referring to the countless women who seem quite happy to appear completely starkers in this dreadful piece of trash ( after all , the naked female form is a beautiful thing and nothing to be ashamed of ) . No ... I'm talking about those who are more than willing to co - star with a badly made hand - puppet called George . Now that is embarrassing!!!<br /><br />A bio - electronic being created by brilliant scientist Edward Brake ( Wellington Meffert ) , George ( who looks like a demented felt clown with green wool for hair ) is the artificially intelligent interface for an advanced computer system that operates a revolutionary device ( a silver sphere about the size of a golf ball ) that , when ingested , can reverse character disorders.<br /><br />Edward 's personality altering experiments have been successful on lab animals , but the cautious scientist is reluctant to carry out tests on human subjects , fearing that there may still be side effects . His evil assistant Julie ( Debbie Laster ) , however , has no such qualms , and proceeds to use three beautiful young women as guinea pigs . Inevitably , they all turn into hideous killer mutants.<br /><br />With bargain basement special effects , a cast totally devoid of talent , and a plot that is almost impossible to follow ( I took notes as I watched the film , and even then I am not entirely convinced that my synopsis is accurate ) , Nightmare Weekend is a complete and utter disaster that not even several soft - core sex scenes and a touch of gore can rescue.<br /><br />This film also features one of the most irritating characters I have ever seen in a horror movie : Tony ( Bruce Morton ) , a Walkman wearing idiot who bops away to crap 80s music in a manner that makes me look like Justin Timberlake in comparison .
0 Henry Sala 's " Nightmare Weekend " is a rotten piece of sludge from Troma . This is a juvenile , sloppy and stupid low - budget horror film about some teenage girls spending the weekend at a mansion . The professor 's evil assistant lures the girls into a bizarre scheme to perform hideous experiments . Using a brain implant she transforms her victims and their dates into zombies."Nightmare Weekend " is a completely braindead piece of garbage that features lots of nudity and some cheesy gore , not to mention a laughable musical score . The acting is horrendous and the script is utterly incoherent . Why such piece of crap is widely distributed is beyond me . Avoid it like the plague.1 out of 10 .
0 I agree with those reviews I have read here , and I have no words to define such a turkey like this , but despite everything , I still can find a reason for movies like this to exist . Do you remenber those happy days in which video was a prosperous business , and a lot of movies were made with the only reason of filling the shelves of the video stores ? this movie comes from that period and I can imagine that was the only reason for which it was produced and the same happened with many , many , many other stinkers . Do you remember " Rambo " imitations ? and so many slashers of Z grade ? , I still feel nostalgia for that period . About this movie I can say I didn´t waste my time watching it because I pressed the fast forward button after the first fifteen minutes , just to find a very funny scene in which a guy was pushing an axe against heads which exploded because , as you perfectly notice , they were made of plastic . And about the end , well , it was so badly filmed I could not understand what happened . That´s the same , I had not followed the non - existing plot at all . But boy , Video - age was a great age despite movies like this .
0 A couple move into their dream home , unaware that it and its neighbours have been built over land formerly used as a cemetery . The film is said to have been based on a true story , although how much of it is supposed to be true is not disclosed . The plot is hardly unique - see Spielberg 's ' Poltergeist ' ( 1982 ) . Within a short time , they experience various supernatural phenomena : these range from the disturbing - mysterious shadows , the serious illness of the daughter - to the frankly ridiculous - toilets continually flushing and garage doors going out of control . There is little depth to the story : once it has become established that the land had been used as a cemetery , we do not learn anything more . The plot does not seem to develop . The characters are not particularly well drawn or in any way memorable , nor is the atmosphere particularly special . The film could be disturbing to some viewers . There is no sense of catharsis or any kind of positive message from it .
0 Bathebo , you big dope.<br /><br />This is the WORST piece of crap I 've seen in a long time . I have just stumbled onto it on late night TV and it is painful to watch . Really painful . How does something like this get made ? ? Horrible , horrible , horrible ! OOOOOO ..... The toilet is flushing by itself again ! Scary toilet ! Scary toilet ! Scary toilet ! 1992 does n't seem like that long ago to me , but watching this makes it seem like 1952 . I mean its horrible . Please do n't waste your time on the drivel!<br /><br />Scary old black man telling them not to build the pool in the yard . Scary ! Scary ! How does this stuff get MADE ? ? ?
0 Well , maybe the PC version of this game was impressive . Maybe . I just finished playing the PS2 version and it 's pretty much a complete mess.<br /><br />There are a couple elements that are okay or promising . I 'll mention those first because it will be over quickly . First , the idea of a historical GTA - like game is a great one . The game Gun was a historical GTA - like game and unlike Mafia , Gun was excellent . I 'd love to see a game set during Mafia 's era done right . Next , the storyline is well written . The story makes sense , it has dramatic arcs , it uses an unusual device ( with much of the game being a backstory ) and it 's interesting . Finally , some of the graphics -- especially those used during cutscenes -- are impressive . Mafia 's designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in the places where GTA skimped on that effort , especially the characters . Unfortunately in many other areas , the graphics kinda stink , and I 'd much rather have excellent gameplay than impressive - looking characters.<br /><br />The gameplay is what sinks this title so low . First off , the controls and camera absolutely suck . That has to be the first focus of any game developers . You ca n't release a game where the controls and/or camera suck . Number one , there 's no reason that the player 's character , Tom , ca n't have his full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick . Unless it 's absolutely necessary , and it hardly ever is , I hate the set - up where the left stick moves the character in a " strafing " way and the character can only turn using the right analog stick . Here , it 's not only unnecessary , it makes most of the simplest actions a challenge . For example , Tom has to climb on a couple missions . But the game is designed so poorly that you have to frustratingly keep manipulating both the right analog stick and the camera , and then press L1 every time you need to climb , or Tom will descend instead.<br /><br />Next , I 've never seen a worse fighting system . The first problem is that you ca n't auto - aim or lock on to any targets . At one early point , the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock on to targets , but that never worked . So to focus on any enemy , you have to struggle with the stupid right analog stick and try to keep adjusting both the character 's orientation and the camera , which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make Tom disappear all the time . By that time , you 're probably getting pummeled or shot to death.<br /><br />Next , if you 're touching or almost touching an enemy -- and that 's certainly going to be the case for hand to hand combat or when using melee weapons , the fighting system -- which primarily consists of tapping or holding R1 , is completely useless . Enemies can pummel you almost in a bear hug , but you just ca n't move unless you back off . So close fighting tends to consist of you yanking on the left analog stick , yelling at the character to move away , which it wo n't do 50 % of the time , then tapping R1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close again and makes R1 useless . And if the enemy changes their angle to you in the meantime , you 're also going to struggle with the right analog stick to get your character oriented in the right way and to get the camera in position so you can see anything . By that time , you 're probably getting pummeled or shot again , and your only option will be to try to move the character away again . My fights often consisted of making Tom run circles around an area like a comedy film , hoping that I could gain enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get a couple shots in before being at the AI 's mercy again . So much for realistic fighting.<br /><br />And the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns . If you 're touching someone , half the time the controller just wo n't allow you to fire off a shot , yet they can still riddle you full of holes . Additionally , there 's no auto - aim , and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive , even with the sensitivity set to zero under Options . Gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly trying to aim or move away while the enemy puts shot after shot into you . Luckily or not , damage seems to be recorded almost randomly . It can take one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character , and there 's no rhyme or reason to it . You can put five shots into an enemy 's head and near point blank range and they 'll still return fire and hurt you . Yet , the game designers seemed to care enough about realism than they built a recoil into your aiming system , so after shots with powerful enough guns , your aim will float off target , and you 'll have to fight with it again.<br /><br />As for the celebrated graphics , except for the characters and textures that you 're close to , they 're actually pretty disappointing . The distance always seems mostly empty , and there are often expanses of flat colors and textures nearby when you 're driving . The city was n't very well designed . It 's not varied enough , and there are n't many interesting things to see or do . The cars seem slow and they 're difficult to control . They also all drive about the same . Some have mentioned the music , but that was also pretty nondescript . A much better job could have been done on that end . Also , as many others have mentioned , the load times are ridiculous and constant . They tend to be over a minute long , and they occur between and in the middle of everything -- even races.<br /><br />Overall , the Mafia port to PS2 , at least , seems to have been very rushed . The game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job .
0 Writer - director Tony Piccirillo adapted his own play about a straight man , recently widowed , learning in the last three weeks he is HIV - positive ; he tracks down the one homosexual partner he ever had , brings him to an apartment and ties him up , forcing a blood test on the guy and promising bloody revenge if the results come back positive . Intriguing idea sounds better on paper than it plays out . James Marsden 's captive is realistically cynical and snotty , but the actor 's own artificial mannerisms are disconcerting -- it 's like watching a roadshow version of Tom Cruise . Scott Speedman has to work harder with the more challenging role , but his personality - turn from shy guy to kidnapper - on - the - edge is n't convincing , and neither are the conversations the two men have . Marsden 's gay party boy is n't apathetic , of course -- he 's momentarily sympathetic to Speedman 's plight -- but he does n't react or behave the way any homosexual man would in this circumstance . The movie is n't a cop - out , exactly , but it is a fraud , handicapped further by the bad editing , the poorly - conceived flashbacks , the low - budget production , and the big finale which smacks of silly pretension and soapy melodrama . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 SPOILERS . Strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film . Allow me to add balance by pointing out the following:<br /><br />Script : Dreadful . As Tom and Dan are " getting to know each other , " bantering about films , the talk is clearly that of one person , and I suspect it was the director , who carefully worked his words to sound intelligent . At one point , Dan asks , " Have you heard of the HIV virus ? " and it sounds about as natural as asking , " Have you communicated with the nine alien races?" < br /><br />Acting : White teeth do and a chiseled face do not a sensitive performer make . Speedman did well enough with what he was given , I suppose , but Marsden was terrible -- unsympathetic , unbelievable , and downright smug and smarmy throughout his captivity . There is an emptiness to his performances ( also see Interstate 60).<br /><br />Plot : Spare me ! The moments of half - escape were not thrilling but irritating and weak . Recall Marsden pretending to try keys in the door and then throwing them down : " They do n't work , man ! " Tee - hee . And beware the semi black - and - white flashbacks , which are initiated with some schlocky sound taken from CSI and other crime dramas . < br /><br />Most important of all , most dangerous , evil , and offensive , is the homophobia ( external or internal , you decide ) in a film in which HIV is considered a weapon . Tom says that Dan may have taken off the condom or not used it at all -- excuse me , where was Tom while they were having sex ? There is some villainizing of the inserting partner which comes off as a villainizing of the gay man in general.<br /><br />In sum : Beware !
0 Hmm   I agree with the reviewer who said that " strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film " . I thought the film was intriguing enough to watch it . I think that was primarily because of Marsden and Speedman - not the plot.<br /><br />The bottom line is that this film is mildly psychologically tantalizing on the one hand and profoundly homophobic on the other . Thumbs up on the former and triple thumbs down on the latter . I 'm not sure if the film is intended to promote dialogue or to spread fear and propaganda.<br /><br />I thought the acting was mediocre . A lot of conversation that was about 90 degrees askew of reality . I kept wanting to derive some meaning from the plot , but it 's ultimately just a conversation with a mad man ( Speedman ) . I feel mildly sorry for him ( Speedman ) because of his loss , but not really . His loss is no greater and certainly is less than losses suffered every day around the world by more significant causes.<br /><br />Does the film expose naiveté about HIV / AIDS ? Yes : That of the intended audience . Is HIV a dark , mysterious , evil killer ? What about it 's victims ? The answer to both questions is NO . Neither HIV nor its victims have any more or less malevolent intent than lupus , multiple sclerosis , TB , hepatitis , CANCER , or their victims , FOR GOD 'S SAKE . Just because a disease is communicable does not make it EITHER deliberate OR negligent - or evil - it just IS.<br /><br />Does this excuse ignorance or fool - hardy risk taking ? - NO . Should all people practice safe sex ? - YES . Will safe sex save the world ? - NO . Is safe sex realistic in all instances of love and lust between passionate and emotional human beings ?  OF COURSE NOT . What kind of a world would we live in if everyone followed the rules , no one ever took risks , and sex was never spontaneous and passionate ? ? ? Am I ignoring that the film deals specifically with gay sex ?  YES . HIV is spread by sharing blood or bodily fluids between infected and non - infected individuals . Sex is not necessary for transmission , gay or otherwise.<br /><br />I'm always disturbed by willful violence of one person upon another . I actually thought the film did do a good job of portraying the absurdity of Tom 's violent abduction , captivity , and intent towards Dan , and this kind of insane violence does occur every day.<br /><br />Stream of consciousness notes from the film : Tom is crazy.<br /><br />Why does n't Dan ask " why " do you feel this way , rather than " what are you doing " ? Implication : men who have sex with men get " AIDS " Implication : HIV = AIDS Where was Tom 's responsibility in the sex act ? Why was it Dan 's responsibility to use the condom ? " maybe you slipped it off before you stuck it in  " What are we talking about here ? Was one of the parties unconscious ? " Maybe she did n't want to hear the truth " are you kidding me " She 's up in heaven and so unbelievably hurt about what she now knows about me "  right   Is Dan 's life over if he has HIV ? Certainly NOT ! Is this why the whole world is so homophobic ? ? ? ? They think gay men are the cause of HIV , that they will give it to the rest of the world , and we will all die   are you kidding me ? ? ? Are people really stupid enough to think that homosexuality is the cause ... is the problem ? ? ? Do we feel that way about the victims of tuberculosis ? of malaria ? I can see that Tom is hurt because of his wife 's death , and he blames it on AIDS , but seriously   who 's at fault here ? The victim or the virus ? Are illnesses really the responsibility of the ill ? ( presuming they did not seek and did not seek to spread the disease).<br /><br />Sure , safe sex is essential to a safe life , but so is not - driving , not - flying , not - leaving the house , not - living . Do we really want to blame the disease on the victims ? Would safe sex between Tom and Dan have prevented Tom 's wife 's ultimate demise ? Perhaps , but not Dan 's sole responsibility.<br /><br />Tom is crazy . Did I mention that.<br /><br />Tom to Dan : " maybe you get what you deserve "   COME ON ! 24 Days : Violent , naïve , and homophobic.<br /><br />Am I overreacting ? Perhaps . But I think this film points a judging finger at gay men for their reckless and malevolent intent towards a " straight world " by practicing unsafe sex , when the rate of homosexuals practicing safe sex is proportionately equivalent or better than that of heterosexuals . We all need to wake up and get serious about HIV / AIDS . HIV is killing hundreds of thousands of STRAIGHT Africans every year .
0 This is the only movie that my wife and I have ever walked out on . Totally sucked . We saw it in Omaha even . Not funny at all , looks like a 14 year old kid wrote the humor . I ca n't believe these real politicians were actually in the movie . awful .
0 A friend of mine was in the cast as a FEDS agent ( a non - speaking part , as I recall ) . He brought it over on DVD so I could see it . It was " interesting " , but very much felt like an amateur film . A well made amateur film , though . Really boring and poorly written . It was probably fun to make and be involved in , but it definitely did n't deserve any kind of wide release . Maybe in Omaha they 'd enjoy it , but this California girl was bored and honestly kind of embarrassed for my friend 's involvement.<br /><br />If this film maker has made or makes any more films , he really should try to have a really interesting story line , and GOOD actors . I 'm sure this was a great learning tool for them . I wish them luck in the future , and hope they can improve their film making .
0 Not a very good movie but according to the info it 's pretty accurate in depicting torture techniques . The purpose of the film was to show the brutality of the NK POW camps and that 's done effectively enough , with surprising frankness for the time . Whatever technical flaws exist ( and there are plenty ) by watching this you 'll see a forgotten corner of a forgotten war and some pretty nasty stuff - again , nasty because it 's being done north of the DMZ and not in Guantanamo Bay.<br /><br />I do n't think any of the Korean veterans brought up his torture when running for office , and if you watch the movies like this one and Pork Chop Hill in comparison to the Vietnam films . I do n't know if it was the people in ' 54 being trapped in the WWII concepts ( the boys tend to wisecrack a lot ) or the war or what , but it 's interesting to see this from the same system that 16 years later would be making movies like " Go Tell The Spartans " .
0 Ronald Reagan and a bunch of US soldiers in a North Korean POW camp . They are tortured ... We learn North Korean Communists are bad people ... We learn Americans ' beards grow very slowly during days of torture ... <br /><br />I tried to suppress it , but I finally burst out laughing at this movie . It was the scene when Mr. Reagan comes out from telling the Communists he wants to be on their side . Then , he asks for a bottle of brandy . Next , acting stone - cold sober , he takes a drunken companion , Dewey Martin , to get sulfur to cure Mr. Martin 's hangover . Of course , the North Korean communist guard is as dumb as they come . So , the drunk distracts the guard while Reagan goes over to get something from a drawer , which is next to a bunch of empty boxes . I 'm sure he boxes were supposed to contain something ; but , of course , Reagan causes them to shake enough to reveal they are empty . Ya got ta laugh ! I think " Prisoner of War " will appeal mainly to family and friends of those who worked on it - otherwise , it 's wasteful . < br /><br / > * Prisoner of War ( 1954 ) Andrew Marton ~ Ronald Reagan , Steve Forrest , Dewey Martin
0 I was able to hang in for only the first twenty minutes of this low - budget movie . The most glaring absurdity was that while the American inmates in a North Korean POW camp are all supposedly suffering from severe deprivation of food and medicine , going without bathing , shivering in flimsy and filthy parkas , and sleeping on bare floors , and - let 's not forget enduring torture - they always manage to sport impeccably coiffed hair . With the exception of a suitably austere - looking Harry Morgan as an army Major , the casting and acting are simply awful . Ronald Regan can not seem to stick to portraying a single character and instead creates a rather schizophrenic amalgam of past roles . A mostly Caucasian cast portraying the North Korean camp officers might have been forgivable , but when supposedly Russian officers acting as advisors to the Koreans strut around wearing re - badged Nazi uniforms complete with jodhpurs and jackboots ( obvious costume - department recycles from WWII flicks ) and speaking with accents like General Burkhalter from Hogan 's Heroes , well , that 's just six kinds of silly . Do n't waste your time on this one .
0 I really did like this show , once upon a time . That is , until I realized all the faults in it . It 's so unrealistic . I know it 's fiction , but it is n't even the slightest bit believable . Here 's why . * * Spoilers ahead folks ... * * Are we really supposed to believe that a kid like Yugi would be descended from a Pharaoh of ancient Egypt ? C'mon ! He 's the biggest nerd on the face of the Earth . And what 's up with the Pharaoh ( a.k.a . Atem and/or Yami 's ) hair ? Last I checked , Pharaohs were shaved ( except for a small bit of hair atop the head ) and wore fancy hats.<br /><br />And , are we supposed to be convinced that an evil wealthy boy genius , named Seto Kaiba , can legally run a successful business while still having time to go to a shoddy little school like ' Domino High ' ? Puh - leeze ! First off , he 'd have to legally be an adult to run a company . And that would make him not really all too much of a boy genius , since he 'd be the only adult in his class . And second off , why would he attend a school like ' Domino High ' , when his business is clearly successful enough for him to attend a fancy snobbish academy ? Plus , the side plots with his little brother are so sappy and lame . Every time you turn around , that kid 's been kidnapped by goons for the baddie . * yawn * Nothing new , nothing new.<br /><br />Joey is the poor kid , who lives with a good - for - nothing father . It says that Joey earns all the money to attend his school , because his father 's an alcoholic , but you never once see Joey do anything that resembles work . He does n't even mention work . And his sister Serenity is a complete moron . Why would she choose a snob like Duke ( who dressed her brother in a dog costume and publicly humiliated him on television ) over a nice guy like Tristan ? Is she really that clueless ? Various characters throughout the show , get possessed by demonic forces , get their souls stolen by demonic forces , and fall prey to mental illness . ( Oh , that 's child - safe , NOT . ) Tea is the typical girl - next - door type , whose only purpose is to be Yugi / Yami 's girlfriend . And while she has some cool points to her , she just does n't have enough time to shine as a main character.<br /><br />The animation is simply awful . All the characters look sickly and anorexic . The perspectives are terrible ( especially when they do close - ups of somebody 's hand ) and the colors look good , but not stellar.<br /><br />But the worst plot hole to the series was the fact that Yami says that his Millennium Puzzle can send souls back to their bodies . If this was so , how come he did n't save Yugi 's Grandpa in the first place , when Pegasus stole his soul , and save himself the trouble of getting it back?<br /><br />All it really is , is a commercial for itself . The only plus side to it is " Yu - Gi - Oh : The Abridged Series " by LittleKuriboh.<br /><br />Please . Do something more worthwhile . Like , watch the Abridged version.<br /><br />1/10
0 ( r#97)<br /><br />There is one good thing about this poor man 's Pokémon ( make of that what you will ) : the opening theme . It has to be the coolest theme music of any sloppily dubbed Japanese made - for - the - consumers - oops - I - mean - the - young - fans anime TV show . Unfortunately there was need to add some sort of show after the opening theme . And they just could n't come up with something more interesting than people arguing loudly about whose cards are better than the others ' cards . Freud would have a field day , unfortunately I ca n't imagine why any kids would want to sit through a show where dialogue written by a thousand monkeys in five minutes takes up 98 % of the running time.<br /><br />"My Uber - Fantastical Doomsday Creature of Ultimate Doom will take your measly Pyramid Diamond Animal in a single strike ! Ca n't you see that you have no chance of winning this battle , you fool ? ! HAHAHAHHAHHAHA!" < br /><br />"Oh yeah ? Well watch this ! I am about to use my Destruction Force Delta Times Pie Card which eradicates every single one of your Power Munchers and renders your Uber - Fantastical Doomsday Creature of Ultimate Doom 's Destroy Beyond all Significance Attack useless ! I bet you did n't see that one coming ! " < br /><br />Seriously , that 's all they ever do in this show , talk . Whereas in another crappy kids ' show I used to watch , namely the commercial phenomenon Pokémon ( every soccer mum 's pet peeve ) , at least the monsters had the courtesy to duke it out every once in a while , " Yu - Gi - Oh " is just , in the quiet words of Roger Ebert 's A Clockwork Orange review , " plain talky and boring " . Not to mention long - winded ( I realize I 'm being hypocritical here considering the sentence I just wrote).<br /><br />This show goes on forever . I do n't know if there 's any plot , and the static monsters have none of the character of Pokémon . Even when not compared to my fave cartoon as a kid , this show sucks . It 's unintentionally funny , but not funny enough to be worth seeing . Bye bye , sleep tight , dream wet dreams .
0 Something very strange happens when you talk about Global Warming : science goes out the window and " belief " and " consensus " becomes the topic of discussion.<br /><br />It 's because of that fact that I give a failing mark to Al Gore 's documentary.<br /><br />Instead of promoting intelligent discussion , he kept the debate at the level of " belief " and " consensus".<br /><br />Of course , when you 're trying to sell the world into spending trillions of dollars to " stop Global Warming " you may thing it 's a problem to tell the scientific truth : we do n't know how much of the current warming was caused by humans . Maybe none of it , maybe some of it , or maybe it has over - ceded the next Ice Age and we got really lucky not to have boiled the planet.<br /><br />But the fact remains that we do n't know.<br /><br />so we 're asked to " believe " in the " consensus " . Never mind that any scientist that strays from the " consensus " is ostracized . Never mind that scientific inquiry is about straying from the consensus . Einstein did n't " believe " in the consensus , neither did Copernicus or Galileo.<br /><br />So why so much scorn placed on those very researchers who would advance the field by asking the tough questions ? If Global Warming is so incontrovertible , surely a few people testing that theory ca n't be so threatening.<br /><br />What is going on here ? That 's the movie I was hoping Al Gore would have made . Istead , he chose to shore up his support with the true " believers " of the " consensus".<br /><br />Sad , really .
0 An Inconvenient Truth is as entirely simplistic and demagogic as the turgid slop created by the rabid and idiotic Republicans , it meanders along intangible lines until it attempts to gorge something into your face , namely that we 'll all be dead in a few hundred years , which is already indisputable , but who cares , humans are selfish , destructive creatures , I frankly do not waste my time caring about human extinction . I 'll just call it a " natural progression " . Let the apocalypse begin , but meanwhile , we have to listen to the same brazen , slanted politicians who propose another " new society " , well , do n't be fooled , we 'll all still be controlled by the wealthy , by those in power and by those idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place . Nothing will ever change.<br /><br />Al Gore , whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the film , as he is being driven in a gas guzzling car all alone using a consumerist computer , he also lives on huge acres of land in a rather large mansion , the land itself was used for destructive erosive purposes including cattle , tobacco , pig farming ( which accounts for methane gas traces ) and who knows what else , his wealth is predicated on exploitation , greed and his investments include numerous large companies in the world with disputable records . I hardly think this man is qualified to lecture the less fortunate , but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ludicrous political party , that is all , meanwhile he emits those very same rancid characteristics that make politics and politicians so appalling . This bozo happens to be living the comfortable life and yet he 's lecturing poor people in Africa about crop farming and cut and burn techniques ? He travels across the world in first class seats in fuel wasting jets , uses product placed computers in the documentary , and yet he thinks everything is a " moral issue " . He 's entirely absorbed in his own deluded nightmares , he says he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister ( from tobacco induced cancer and the near death of his son by an automobile of all things ) . Did he fight against the tobacco companies or propose that automobiles be banned because they are dangerous hulking machines ? NO . Everything must serve the " economy " , so why is he any different , the answer is he is not.<br /><br />His forlorn and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous , all this while he 's being filmed in the forest or along a little river eschewing stale life affirming quotes . Well Mr Gore , why do n't you try living like the common people then ? He is a politician , plain and simple , he has a career invested in the power structure . My question is , why does n't he concentrate on the powerful industrial nations of the earth who are to blame for most of the complications ? He does n't do that because it would be unwise for " investments , stocks and corporations".<br /><br />Al Gore gives monotonous lectures about the subject in the documentary , namely to wealthy white people in the audience , who clap on cue , while showing them graph charts , numbers and percentages , and speaking in a dreary tone , no one without a Harvard ( which the elites control ) education can make sense out of it , but he tells us everything is going to hell . No kidding , but I think he fails to account for this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet , namely that it is expendable and a waste dump . He never once mentions how industrialization has created these problems , he just wants to put mild bandages on them but not eradicate the whole oppressive system . Its obvious he was spoiled , sent to the schools for elites and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other back stabbing , inconsistent dullard in Washington . Whoever made this propaganda , as it is in no way different than what the Republicans have conceived , had only goals in mind that were directed by capitalistic impulse . That is to say , someone is going to benefit , and it seems the " new green " politicians who support venture capitalist companies who are buying up hordes of land in an attempt to develop the " new Utopian future " with " new technologies " . It 's the same old story , Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure , he actually believes there is a " democracy " in the US which I find very naive . If we are n't paying wages to the oil companies , then we 'll be paying them to the wind and solar companies.<br /><br />I find the speech at the end quite rancid , along the lines of something GW Bush would have oozed over to the dumb downed masses , Gore speaks about " people uniting together to defeat communism " in the 1990 's , what it had to do with global warming , absolutely nothing but he attempts to get base emotions ruminating in people . With that said , he did n't understand that communism never existed in the world , the systems in Europe and USSR were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism , no less different than what controls the US interests . Social ecology was not even mentioned here , which is really a travesty . If you want to change the world , then one must dispose of those antiquated systems that are based on greed , exploitation and violence .
0 It does touch a few interesting points .. But ! - It fails to show evidence of all the ' exclusive ' studies shown . Who are the ' friends ' and ' small groups of scientists ' that gathered this data ? - What 's up with all the Al Gore biography going on there ? Like how he liked playing with the cows on the ranch or that his kid got hit by a car .. too bad but .. what does that have to do with the ozone layer?<br /><br />I've seen MUCH better stuff , in much less time , on Discovery Channel .. I really do n't understand why this has such a high score on IMDb . Unless you 've been living under a rock , this ' documentary ' should n't be any news to you ... all this is old news ... And all Al Gore is trying to do is get some popularity points . P.S. i 'm not American so do n't even try saying that i 'm a bush fan :p
0 The only thing that " An Inconvenient Truth " proves is that Al Gore is still an idiot . These " unchallenged " experts are unchallenged because a response to their inane hypotheses is generally beneath real science . This is mostly false science folks . The greatest source of greenhouse gases - CO2 - is people , we exhale it and unless you 're willing to start sacrificing your brethren to save the world , there 's not a darn thing to be done . We 've heard how the world was going to end as the result of man for more than 50 years . Fools publish a time line for their doomsday and when the time passes , nothing has happened . " An Inconvenient Truth " is just another vehicle with which a disingenuous faction of American society can peddle their poop.<br /><br />And as to Al leaving the tobacco business because of his sister 's death from cancer , that is a load too . Al could n't run his farm any better than he could run the country . He was losing money on the operation because he did n't care to farm when he could make more $ on speaking tours . The only global warming that is unchallenged is the hot air produced by this gasbag !
0 Mario Lewis of the Competitive Enterprise Institute has written a definitive 120-page point - by - point , line - by - line refutation of this mendacious film , which should be titled A CONVENIENT LIE . The website address where his debunking report , which is titled " A SKEPTIC 'S GUIDE TO AN INCONVENIENT TRUTH " can be found at is : www.cei.org . A shorter 10-page version can be found at : www.cei.org/pdf/5539.pdf Once you read those demolitions , you 'll realize that alleged " global warming " is no more real or dangerous than the Y2 K scare of 1999 , which Gore also endorsed , as he did the pseudo - scientific film THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW , which was based on a book written by alleged UFO abductee Whitley Strieber . As James " The Amazing " Randi does to psychics , and Philip Klass does to UFOs , and Gerald Posner does to JFK conspir - idiocy theories , so does Mario Lewis does to Al Gore 's movie and the whole " global warming " scam .
0 Do n't drink the cool - aid.<br /><br />This is an opinion piece disguised as a documentary . And to title it as a " truth " is just plain crap . The debate over global warming is far from over , and will only be over when the eco - zombies start acknowledging the mountain of evidence contrary to their beloved theory . Just Google " Global Warming " and " Hoax " or " Junk Science " and you will find a river of information refuting nearly every link in the chain of logic that Gore sites . The reason it is so important for people to educate themselves is the disastrous economic impact that global warming prevention measures would have . Wake up people . Anyone with a computer , a little time , and some common sense can find many many reasons why this theory is not even close to credible . Do n't just read articles that support your present opinions , read everything you can find . There is no in - depth analysis to make , really . There is simply too many alternate possibilities and counter - evidence for the theory to have even the most basic level of scientific credibility . It is so uncredible , in fact , that it may be the single biggest hoax in the course of human existence . It 's time for people to start speaking out against this kind of propaganda , and it 's time for people to admit to themselves and others that you can be a both a conservationist AND recognize the glaring conclusion that global warming hysteria is a big lie .
0 Let 's be honest shall we ? Al Gore no more TRULY cares about the environment than most folks care about contacting foot fungus . It 's a hook ! Make no mistake , Al Gore is a POLITICIAN ! Three years ago he was busted / ticketed in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone driving NOT a hybrid , a Yugo , or even a GM Metro but a LINCOLN ( go google it if you like ) ! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore & his Hollywood buddies continue to use a private fuel - guzzling jets to attend the premiers of " An Inconvenient Truth . " So much for conservation huh , Al ? Anyway , it takes a mere minute to subjectively look at " An Inconvenient Truth " & discover the main fundamental flaw . While the film parades out many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the EFFECTS of supposed " global Warming " there is not one scientist to tell us the supposed CAUSE of it . For example : I can take a hundred folks out to a parking lot & they can point out an automobile which is not running right . BUT can they tell you with any degree of certainty WHY ? Generally not ! A second flaw , just how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago ( the toilet was n't even invented yet ) ? What did they have , a June bug in a match box ? Hell , even 50 - 60 years ago ? Therefore , how do we know with ANY degree of certainty that the planet is " getting warmer " when the records of yesteryear are highly questionable at best ? Or that man is THE sole cause of it ? The answer is we do n't & Science is NEVER a consensus . Thirty years ago , Time Magazine did a cover proclaiming a " New Ice Age " . The truth is that any 6th grade science teacher well versed in Earth Science will tell you that Volcanic Erruptions , Solar Activity & El Ninos have more to do with our eradicate changes in climate conditions than supposed " Global Warming . " Finally , what Al Gore fails to adequately address is ; even IF America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al & implement everything he recommends , how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow suit when we ca n't even get them to agree on something so obvious as terrorism ? Answer : It 's wishful thinking , Mr. Gore & you being a former VP of the USA know it ! If the folks who produced " An Inconvenient Truth " were really honest , they would have titled their film " Al Gore Wants Attention . " But what I 'd really like is for someone to ask the former VP this ; why were two of the planet 's biggest polluters ( AKA China & India ) EXEMPT from abiding by the Kyoto Accords ? Anyway , I hear the producers of A.I.T are working on their next film entitled " Gnomes , Fairies & Elves : Our Endangered Friends . "
0 Something that really does not go down right with Al Gore ( and his supporters ) 's theory is the whole thing about " concensus".<br /><br />If there were such a consensus , why is it that the " believers " in the almighty global warming feel the irrepressible need to try and bully anyone who questions them.<br /><br />Why is it that anyone who does not toe the line on global warming is met with smug accusations of being either stupid or on the payroll of the oil companies ( apparently being a professional global warming researcher does not mean you 're on anyone 's payroll in that wondrous world ... ) Why is there such a need to tell everyone how the whole question is settled , when it is the very nature of science to honestly question assumptions ? For some ideas on the answer to those questions , read Prey by the well - know oil - stooge Michael Crichton ... oh wait , he is rich and not on the payroll of the oil companies . He just took a huge career risk in not toeing the line of the Greens and other Kyoto worshippers and told the truth as he researched it . By the way did you know that abiding to the Kyoto protocol would result in almost no lowering of temperatures , according to its own backers ? Just a few questions that Al Gore made sure to stay away from lest he not get every penny of the environmental lobby in case he decides to run again.<br /><br />So who 's a stooge .. ?
0 A hint I think may be gathered by the various comments on this thread.<br /><br />I was quite amazed at the number of people who liked this film who want to make it " mandatory " or " compulsory".<br /><br />I think this gives us a little bit of insight into the reason this film and the issue underlying it is so polarizing.<br /><br />The Global Warming issue appeals a lot to people who want to force others to " do right " . It appeals particularly to more " liberal " leaning people because it does n't have to do with bedroom morality which is what usually gets conservatives who want to force you to " be good " going.<br /><br />And that 's the problem with the film . Al Gore is a politician . And a very successful one at that . He just ca n't help himself from appealing to those people who want to force others to do as they would . The political appeal is just too great.<br /><br />And there we are left with a scientific issue that may be of huge importance , reduced to a political issue appealing to those in the body politic with a predilection to force other to " do right".<br /><br />Another interesting question is how did the Environmental movement get hijacked by such people ?
0 Where was his critique of democratic administrations as well as republican ones ? After all he did serve for 17 + years in a body of government where his influence was unwaivering . Oh I forgot about the 8 years he was the 2nd in command of the most Powerful nation on Earth . The film is happy to show shots of a young Senator Gore asking why a NASA scientist was forced to change a conclusion in his scientific paper , but fails to ask about the complicity of Clinton / Gore in global warming . Probably too close to an election year , or maybe it would hurt the chances for Hillary in ' 08 . Either way he 's a political coward and party man to the bitter end . He offers no criticism of consumerism , no criticism of capitalism , no way to is the history of the industrial development which has led us to this point in time < br /><br />In the end this film was much more about Mr. Gore himself than about any real problems our environment faces . Mr. Gore if you really wanted to make a campaign film - shorten it & call it what it really is .
0 Oh man , it is amazing how somebody can claim global warming to be a science , well , I guess this elitist nonsense is now replacing the science of eugenics ! Al Gore tries to make this issue sound complicated , even though it just needs common sense to see this whole thing is a big hoax by a man with his own moneymaking agenda!<br /><br />How have scientists estimated historical temperatures of this planet ? By estimating the sun spot activity . Has nobody ever questioned if this method has been accurate ? No , not even Gore himself ! So how the heck would it not be accurate to forecast future temperature with sun spot activity if it has been that accurate in the past ? According to sun spot activity the temperature today is totally in line with what it should be . How come the temperature in the entire universe has risen ( relatively ) equal much as on earth ? Does our SUVs cause temperature on Jupiter to rise?<br /><br />Use some common sense ! You do not need to be a rocket scientist to figure out that this can be nothing else than a HOAX . Please research it yourself . What does Al Gore and his elitist friends like Rothschild ( banking family that arranged live earth event ) to gain from this ? Well , the new world bank will be founded on carbon credits , that is tax on everything that gives CO2 omissions , and it is easier to get away with these taxes if the people are lured to think it is to save the world when it is only about money , centralized control and more power to the elitist bankers . Al Gore has even a company that sells carbon credits ! Is it not noble to pay voluntarily carbon credits to save the world , especially if it goes into his own company ? < br /><br />I do not want you to blindly believe me , please do your own research and use your own common sense and I am sure you will come to the right conclusion !
0 The statistics in this movie were well researched . There is no doubt about it ! Al Gore certainly presents his case very well and it is no wonder that this movie got the praise that it got . Al Gore is certainly quite an actor . He sounds so concerned . But actions speak louder than words ! Throughout this movie , there are political tidbits and references to his political career sprinkled throughout the movie.<br /><br />Jimmy Carter , unlike Al Gore , is a man of integrity who not only talks the talk , but walks the walk as well . When Carter thought we needed to conserve energy , he turned down the thermostat in the White House and got warm by wearing a sweater.<br /><br />Al Gore tells us that we have to conserve energy and claims that we are creating global warming while he travels around in his own private jet . How much energy does his jet use and how much more pollution does his jet create ? How much energy does it take to heat Gore 's swimming pool behind his mansion ? It would be nice if we could conserve electricity by using smaller appliances and making it a point to turn off anything that is not being used . But if we did , the power company would react to a 50 % reduction of energy by calling it a " 50 % loss in revenue " and recouping their losses by raising the rates by 50 % . So " just turning it off " would not be a very good idea.<br /><br />This movie is a veiled appeal to allow Big Goivernment to take control of everything , in the name of saving planet earth , that is .
0 This movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life . ( Besides Farenheit 9/11 ) . All of the information was only supported on the opinion of FIVE scientists while 80 % of the Asssociated Press highly criticize the science promoted be Gore . Global Warming is a Mass Media Hysteria and nothing more . Most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together . THis movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.<br /><br />LIBERAL BLINDNESS ! An to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage !
0 Well done Al Gore ! You have become the first person to have made 1 Billion dollars of the global warming lie ! Just like all the other man made fable 's in the world this one is up there with the best lies to have sucked in so many people . Sure polution is not a good thing , and I would love for all the tree 's to keep on growing , but global warming is a business ! It employes thousands of people that are all very mislead.<br /><br />Google it ! There are just to many things that just do n't add up , but well done Al , you failed as a politician , but went on to make lots of money sucking in the world.<br /><br />Whats next ? Santa is real ?
0 Not even Goebbels could have pulled off a propaganda stunt like what Gore has done with this complete piece of fiction . This is a study in how numbers and statistics can be spun to say whatever you have predetermined them to say . The " scientists " Gore says have signed onto the validity of global warming include social workers , psychologists and psychiatrists . Would you say a meteorologist is an expert in neuro - surgery ? The field research and data analysis geologists are involved in do not support Gores alarmist claims of global warming . As one of those geologists working in the field for the last 40 years I have not seen any evidence to support global warming . My analysis of this movie and Gores actions over the last couple years brings me to the conclusion that global warming is his way of staying important and relevant . No more , no less . Ask any global warming alarmist or " journalist " one simple question- You say global warming is a major problem . Tell me . What temperature is the Earth supposed to be ?
0 Outrageously trashy karate / horror thriller with loads of graphically gory violence and gratuitous nudity , and a thoroughly preposterous and bizarre " plot " . This is lowbrow and low - grade entertainment that will appeal only to viewers with particularly kinky tastes , but it 's kind of cheerfully bad and I must admit that I was n't actually bored while watching it .... ( * 1/2 )
0 " Raw Force " is like an ultra - sleazy and perverted version of Love Boat , with additional Kung Fu fights , demented cannibalistic monks , white slaves trade , energetic zombies and a whole lot of lousy acting performances . No wonder this movie was included in the recently released " Grindhouse Experience 20 movie box - set " . It 's got everything exploitation fanatics are looking for , blend in a totally incoherent and seemingly improvised script ! The production values are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic , but the amounts of gratuitous violence & sex can hardly be described . The film opens at a tropically sunny location called Warriors Island , where a troop of sneering monks raise the dead for no apparent reason other than to turn them into Kung Fu fighters . The monks also buy sexy slaves from a sleazy Hitler look - alike businessman , supposedly because the women 's flesh supplies them with the required powers to increase their zombie army . Tourists on a passing cruise ship , among them three martial arts fighters , a female LA cop and a whole bunch of ravishing but dim - witted ladies , are attacked by the Hitler guy 's goons because they were planning an excursion to Warriors Island . Their lifeboat washes ashore the island anyway , and the monks challenge the survivors to a fighting test with their zombies . Okay , how does that sound for a crazy midnight horror movie mess ? It 's not over yet , because " Raw Force " also has piranhas , wild boat orgies , Cameron Mitchell in yet another embarrassing lead role and 70 's exploitation duchess Camille Keaton ( " I spit on your Grave " ) in an utterly insignificant cameo appearance . There 's loads of badly realized gore , including axe massacres and decapitations , hammy jokes and bad taste romance . The trash - value of this movie will literally leave you speechless . The evil monks ' background remains , naturally , unexplained and they do n't even become punished for their questionable hobbies . Maybe that 's why the movie stops with " To Be Continued " , instead of with " The End " . The sequel never came , unless it 's so obscure IMDb does n't even list it .
0 All the ingredients of low - brow b - movie cult cinema . Topless ( and bottomless ) girls , kung - fu kicking chefs , slave traders , evil Germans with mustaches , Cameron Mitchell and sword - wielding zombies.<br /><br />And , of course the breasts of Camille Keaton , who 's best known display occurs in the feminist exploitation classic I Spit on Your Grave . We also must mention the hooters of jewel Shepard , who play a hooker in the recent film The Cooler.<br /><br />Lots of blood and action with knives and swords and martial arts among topless dancers in a bar , in a whorehouse , and on a boat load of martial artists heading to some zombie island where bad martial artists go to die or something like that.<br /><br />Tops and bottoms come off easily and frequently as travelers are well lubricated thanks to the boat owner.<br /><br />Then disaster strikes as their boat is destroyed and they land on the zombie island where mas monks sacrifice young girls to the dead martial artists to bring them back to life.<br /><br />Just when you thought it had everything , there are piranhas in the water . Yum Yum A big fat German for dinner.<br /><br />Just the thing for your next zombie fest .
0 i was kinda interested in this movie as a trashy cannibal flick . i was thoroughly disappointed . it was the same kind of disappointment i felt watching ' friday the 13th : jason takes manhattan ' . so much potential wasted!<br /><br />the opening scene is a decent attention grabber . then it grinds to a halt . copious breasts and egregious 80s fashion can not help this movie . the only things eating near this island of cannibal monks are the piranha ! i 'm not asking for ' cannibal holocaust ' level of gore , but i was looking for cheap over - the - top exploitative gore . i got none of that.<br /><br />i found a couple parts of the fight scenes somewhat intriguing , hence the 2 stars . i do n't think its really worth the time it takes to watch it , though . i could see showing it at a party where nobody cares about what is going on and you just want something on in the background . but i would not tell anyone , " oh , dude , you GOTTA see this movie . " it is neither good enough nor bad enough to warrant much attention .
0 First of all , let 's get a few things straight here : a ) I AM an anime fan- always has been as a matter of fact ( I used to watch Speed Racer all the time in Preschool ) . b ) I DO like several B - Movies because they 're hilarious . c ) I like the Godzilla movies- a lot.<br /><br />Moving on , when the movie first comes on , it seems like it 's going to be your usual B - movie , down to the crappy FX , but all a sudden- BOOM ! the anime comes on ! This is when the movie goes WWWAAAAAYYYYY downhill.<br /><br />The animation is VERY bad & cheap , even worse than what I remember from SPEED RACER , for crissakes ! In fact , it 's so cheap , one of the few scenes from the movie I " vividly " remember is when a bunch of kids run out of a school ... & it 's the same kids over & over again ! The FX are terrible , too ; the dinosaurs look worse than Godzilla . In addition , the transition to live action to animation is unorganized , the dialogue & voices(especially the English dub that I viewed ) was horrid & I was begging my dad to take the tape out of the DVD/ VHS player ; The only thing that kept me surviving was cracking out jokes & comments like the robots & Joel / Mike on MST3 K ( you pick the season ) . Honestly , this is the only way to barely enjoy this movie & survive it at the same time.<br /><br />Heck , I 'm planning to show this to another fellow otaku pal of mine on Halloween for a B - Movie night . Because it 's stupid , pretty painful to watch & unintentionally hilarious at the same time , I 'm giving this movie a 3/10 , an improvement from the 0.5/10 I was originally going to give it.<br /><br />(According to my grading scale : 3/10 means Pretty much both boring & bad . As fun as counting to three unless you find a way to make fun of it , then it will become as fun as counting to 15 . )
0 This movie is incomprehendably bad . It begins with several random explosions and then cuts to a sock puppet of a T - Rex that talks ( ! ) to the audience . It goes back and forth between sock puppetry and animation throughout , probably because the film makers could n't afford live actors . I 'll spare you the long , tiresome , relentless plot that drags this pitiful film on for a brutal 85 minutes.<br /><br />One of my friends found this very rare video at a hobby shop somewhere that sells out of print b - movies , and he bought it for the sole purpose of making fun of it , but , as it turns out , our intervention was not neecessary . This film makes fun of itself better than we could.<br /><br />I thought that Ed Wood 's " Plan 9 from Outer Space " was the cheesiest movie in existence , but leave it to Japanamation / Lego cars / Sock puppets to outdo him . If you see this movie anywhere , buy it without hesitation . It is very rare and worth many , many good laughs .
0 Good performances ca n't save this terrible script , larded with every cliche in the chick - flick book . Both main characters are deeply unsympathetic , and the scene where Laura Linney 's character reminisces about sex with her dead husband in front of her teenage son -- which I think is supposed to be poignant -- is just horrifying .
0 I cringed all the way through this movie . First of all , the idiotic plot has little to do with Parson 's own story . Hollywood has attempted to create a kind of comedy car chase movie . Imagine " Englebert Sings Hendrix".<br /><br />Do not take anything about this movie to be accurate . The name Parsons in the title and stealing of his body is just used as springboard for a low budget chase movie , a blatant attempt to grab a few bucks from the Parsons legacy and his fan base . Gram 's father had long since been dead in 1973 , the other global characters are fictional , none of this has anything to do with Grams life or death.<br /><br />If you are a Gram fan , I advise you to not see this movie . I wish I had n't . It 's saddening to see something special be treated as such disgracing fodder . I 'd swear I could hear Gram turning in his grave while the movie was playing . If you are not familiar with Gram 's life and legacy , do not take anything in this movie as being representative of Gram.<br /><br />I can not say enough bad things about this movie . If Gram were alive and saw this movie , he would kill himself . Then again , maybe he 'd be afraid to if he knew this movie were to result .
0 I doubt this will ever even be a cult film . I loved Gram Parsons to be sure and I did not expect much out of this film and got even less . What could have been clever and moving was campy . It was devoid of the music that made Gram and had more filler than cheap dog food . There was no background on Gram or the colorful people of that era . The characters shown were not familiar to me even as a fan of Gram 's and all the versions of his " afterlife adventures " I have heard . Rock and roll is full of tales , good ones too but they should taken with a grain of salt . They can be great stories even though exaggerated . However , this movie took a good story and turned into tripe . Stealing any dead body and the ensuing implications should never be a dull tale but they made it dull , somehow . I am tempted to steal every copy of Grand Theft Parsons , head out to the desert and burn them all .
0 From the Q & A before and after , this is what I could gather : Some Irish guy wants to make a movie . Nothing in particular , just any movie . So , one night at a party , he hears some ex - roadie tell him a classic bit of rock n ' roll lore ; the one about how Gram Parsons ' corpse was stolen from LAX by his loyal roadie so he could honor Parsons ' wishes that he be cremated out in JoshuaTree . Wow!<br /><br />What a great idea for a movie ! Rock n ' Roll ( well , country ) , grave robbing , escapes , friendship , the 70 's ! I guess we could get Johnny Knoxville from " Jackass " , cause it 's kind of a prank , right , and Knoxville wants to do " a movie " too . Why he must have thought he had the next " Snatch " on his hand!<br /><br />But this story 's not really that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to struggle against.like a psychotic girlfirend after his money ! But Parsons ' was married at the time . That 's O.K. , no one knows that . Besides we could get Christina Applegate . But what if the audience does n't like the idea of stealing a corpse.well , we 'll get his dad to join the chase , but give permission in the end . But Parsons ' dad killed himself when he was 10 , in fact his orphan status , and tragic childhood , are key parts of the Parsons Mythology . Mythology ? We 're making " A Movie ! " This is creative problem solving.<br /><br />It 's an uncomfortable experience for anybody even vaguely knowledgeable on or interested in the subject . Applegate 's presence is doubling jarring . First her invented character is a Beverly Hills bitch before her time -she might as well have walked around the whole movie a cell phone in her hand , and secondly , what kind of man would Parsons be if he ever associated himself with that kind of harpy ? Facts are n't just distorted or left out , but REVERSED . They could have easily found the villain they wanted in Parsons STEPfather , who was attempting to whisk the body back to his home state where law would favor him in dividing up the considerable inheritance.<br /><br />And the music , oh , the music I love . The music is hacked up ( the bridge of a song here , the chorus there ) , forced to the background , and in the end , horribly covered by the hippest new indie band , Starsailor . My girlfriend asked the unnecessary , but irresistable question after the movie --was anyone up there , the writer , the producers , the director , actually a Gram Parson 's fan ? Well , no . He 'd never actually heard of Gram Parsons , but of course , blah blah blah , I learned to love it , and here 's some factoids I read in a bio online . Another guy vouched for Parsons ' coolness by saying he and Keith Richards tripped on acid together and wrote " Wild Horses " together , a mixed up bunch of facts as off - base as the movie . Another person asked , was n't it morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know about it from this film ? Well , he had the real roadie 's permission ( he was even set ) and the Parsons estate gave permission , and all these other people who got paychecks said it was great.<br /><br />But what I really wondered was , and asked in the embarassingly trembling voice of a truly impassioned Parsons geek , was , if the movie 's so cheaply made ( a million ) , had they not considered the original Gram Parsons fanbase as an audience ? The director and writer seemed to think he was a nothing figure with no fanbase , though I doubt any Mojo magazine reading , country - rock 70 's music fan would agree . But a bunch of Brits made it I guess , and they just did n't care about Cosmic American Music , or even knew it existed . This is n't just not a truthful Parsons flick , it 's not even in the right spirit -it does n't even fit the legend . At the very least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs . And plenty of people would love to be told.<br /><br />I should mention the movie was received well from the bunch of stoned college kids , just off the slopes , and into Johnny Knoxville . But if you 're a Parsons fan ignore the title , it 's just a movie for Jackass fans .
0 If you 're a fan of the late Gram Parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you ! Part comedy , part road movie , but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history 's oddest tales.<br /><br />SPOILERS-- < br /><br />Basically the story concerns a well - known roadie named Phil Kaufman ( played by Johnny Knoxville ) who " supposedly " made a pact with cult rock / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons that stated when one of them died first ( it did n't matter which one it was ) that the other living one was to take the deceased out to the desert , Joshua Tree National Park in California to be exact , and set the body ablaze ... so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth , and so on ! Sure to keep his word the barely sober Kaufman , with the assistance of a self - hating , pot - headed buddy , jacks the body of the late Parsons -whom had fatally overdosed from a drug and booze bender a day prior- from the airport . And shortly after that what ensues is a cringe - worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late Parsons girlfriend , Kaufman 's girlfriend , Parsons stone - faced father , and a gaggle of police officers and other pointless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock ( so to speak ) in trying to catch Kaufman and his pal before they get the chance to torch Parsons body ! < br /><br />The film 's incompetent direction , bad acting , and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the Titanic . And not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway telling the truth of the actual events that took place . The accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies , as far as I 've heard them , include : number 1 . , Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child , so what the hell was that all about with the girlfriend 's and the chasing and whatnot ? , number 2 . , Kaufman 's drugged - out buddy was a known willing participant ( unlike what the movie attempts to portray ) in the disposing of Parson 's body , and finally number 3 . , Gram Parsons real - life father died when he was just a boy , and so it was Parson 's step - father ( who could have honestly cared less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive ) in real - life that took care of the body after it was torched ! Altogether though , what probably disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story . And yet still , the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad that it really boggles my mind , frankly ! < br /><br />Also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned it 's lead character , played by the ultra - grating Johnny Knoxville ( Phil Kaufman ) , is not only a bad actor but it actually seems as if he were asleep throughout most of the movie , and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical , brain - dead , or seem utterly clueless as to what they 're actually doing there in the first place ! Overall , if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really dig the so - bad - they're - not - even - good buddy flicks then I suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie ! But , if you 're like me and are a fan of the late Gram Parsons , enjoy films that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if they 're based on an actual real - life story , and or you just like good films , be - them road movies , or fictional slice - of - life stuff , you will truly loathe this film and advise others to do likewise . I obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been made in the first place , but since it was made I would have preferred it to have turned out differently than what it did , unfortunately ! Maybe some day the real facts of the story will come through and be made into a really great biopic on all of Gram Parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it . But , until that time comes all we as an audience , and or fans of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all - around terrible memorial ( of sorts ) to the musical legacy that Gram Parsons was known to have left behind . It should also be noted that they did actually use Parsons music , and a few others as well in the flick , but not surprisingly though , you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit . ( Turkey - Zero Stars )
0 I 'm not sure if users ought to be allowed to review films after only sitting through half , but I 'm afraid I just could n't stand another minute.<br /><br />If this abject excuse for a film does n't have the late , great GP spinning like a wheel in his grave , then I doubt anything will.<br /><br />The excellent review above ' Not a film for Parsons fans ' sums up most of my feelings . How dare a ( second rate ) director and writer attempt something to which they 're so clearly incapable of delivering . What were they thinking ? Where to start?<br /><br />THE SCRIPT : I thought I 'd be getting a slice of bittersweet Americana . What I got was poorly executed slapstick with no cliché left unturned . Stupid hippy ? Check . Stupid fat cop ? Check . Awful plot contrivances ? Check . Embarrassingly written female characters ? Double check . Total disregard for the story which you 're trying to portray ? Check.<br /><br />After a while , you realize that what you 're watching is a soap and not a very well written one at that . Scene with Knoxville . Scene with Ex girlfriend . Scene with Knoxville which has n't moved on much . Scene with Ex girlfriend which was a bit like the last one . And so on ... <br /><br />THE DIRECTION : My friends and I decided , after some consideration , that watching this was like watching a bad episode of Quincy , or maybe a particularly poor Dukes of Hazzard . That 's how bad the direction was . Terrible jump cuts , awful camera work , clunky ins and outs to scenes . God , it was cringeworthy . And then I discovered the director was an Irishman who 's most noteworthy recent work is a really lousy BBC Sunday night drama called Monarch of the Glen ( trust me , it 's lowest common denominator TV ) . And then it all made sense ... <br /><br />THE ACTING : Are we now so critical that when some random guy from the TV decides to give acting a go , if he 's not so bad , he stinks , we applaud his efforts ? Knoxville JUST ABOUT manages to get through every scene . Poor Christina A. has no such luck . Her performance is a car crash ( though what you do with those lines , I do n't know ) . The ' hippy ' in the hearse : oh dear , oh dear , oh dear . Have we not moved on since Cheech and Chong?<br /><br />I could go on , but I think you get my drift . What I would say is that , as other reviews have mentioned , no one on this film clearly gives a flying damn for The Byrds , The Flying Burrito Brothers or Gram 's solo work . They knew nothing about the American road movie and they certainly give a damn about trying to do anything with an admittedly decent story from rock mythology . This film was shallow , failed to explore anything and was jaw droppingly unfunny from beginning to ... oh wait , I did n't quite make the end . And I suggest you stay away too .
0 First of all , this movie is n't a complete disaster . If you had never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons then it might seem a reasonably entertaining diversion . Johnny Knoxville ca n't really be criticised for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he 's pretty good at looking laid - back and down to earth and you can sort of root for his long - suffering everyman . Michael Shannon is due credit for pretty much the same reasons , except he 's a hippy stoner . There are some good individual comedic scenes - the hippy - hearse crashing into the airport hanger door stands out . But that 's where the good things end , and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so truly disappointing . The character of Robert Forster as Gram 's actual father is an invention so disgraceful as to cast a taint over the entire film . We all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could surely be compared to Gram 's life on the edge by a better film - maker . Having Forster as his supposed real father , and not his step - father would be bad enough , if not for the well known difficulties Gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body . It has been suggested that his step father had admitted to providing Gram 's mother with alcohol as she lay dying and that this enraged Gram when he later found out about it . Also the controversy over where Gram 's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made - up father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse , but then allows them to go ahead with the burning . Whatever the truth about the man who Gram got the name Parsons from , he certainly bore no resemblance to Forster 's character here , and it is hard to see why this role was written . Then there 's the addition of Christina Applegate as a greedy chick ( yet very pretty of course ) who wants Gram 's body back so that she can begin to cash in on his estate . Her character , and her acting are non - existent and one wonders why the director did n't just go the whole hog and include a lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays Kaufman 's girlfriend(it would n't have lowered the tone a whole lot more ) . When you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about Parsons , the shortcomings of this film are easily apparent . Country music being changed by a young , polite , southern gentleman - who was also long haired , drug loving , popular with the ladies and ultimately self destructive . Real events like the hanger door crash and the painted hearse and friends like Keith Richards . Instead of these things we have to concentrate wholly on Kaufman 's input into Gram 's life . Kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he received for what he did ( he certainly is a little cult ) . From interviews it is obvious that he 's delighted with the attention . Remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of Gram Parsons as he was preparing to set it alight . What he did was not an act of great loyalty , but a doped up alcoholic escapade . Looking at Knoxville and the director in interviews , a few things become clear also . It 's obvious that they have no real grasp of the story of Gram 's life , nor do they wish to have . They want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy . It was an amazing life with a strange end . That the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of Gram Parsons the makers had .
0 This movie was a real disappointment to me . I have been a fan of Gram Parsons for a long time , and when i found out they were making a film about him i was very exited , I got the movie on VHS when it came out , and was sickened by what i saw , This film was n't about his life , it was about the aftermath of his death . I thought it would be a descent film about Grams Life and Music , but they had to make a film about his death . I am tired of hearing about his deaths in books and movies , i wanted a film about his life , not his infamous death . I was very Disappointed . I wish people would look at his life , more then his death . The only thing good about this film was its soundtrack . This film is a disappointment to any Gram Parsons Fan .
0 When THE MAGIC OF LASSIE opened at Radio City Music Hall , I was foolish enough to believe it would be as heart - warming as some of the first Lassie films were . Not.<br /><br />The story was abysmal , the songs by the Sherman brothers were way below their usual level , the characters were uninspired and JAMES STEWART and MICKEY ROONEY had both seen much better days.<br /><br />Then too , I was interested in seeing what ALICE FAYE 's contribution would be like , since she 'd been absent from the screen for so many years and was always so fetching in her earlier roles at Fox . Alice too , was letdown by the foolish script and the unflattering photography . Another disappointment.<br /><br />Nothing original here , nothing even remotely interesting for an adult to enjoy -- and clearly , no magic present for anyone . You can skip this one without missing a thing .
0 My thoughts on the movie , 9<br /><br />It was not good , not good at all . Visually , it was great . I was pleased with the pacing , the camera angles , etc . However , the characters ? eh , kinda bland . Plot ? It sucked.<br /><br />This movie seemed more new age crap than anything else . Organized religion is presented as cowardly and fearful . Science is n't portrayed any better . It creates a monster weapon that kills everything ... but " souls " have the power to destroy monsters and bring life ? Really?<br /><br />That 's something that bites my ass a bit too . Here we have a CGI movie ... created with science ... and they 're using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us ? At least they had the decency to have one of the characters ask,<br /><br />"Okay , so now what ? " ( or something similar ) . I could n't hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit . It was a " okay ... it was just barely entertaining enough to sit here for the entire movie but now let 's get out of here as fast as possible ! " type of exit.<br /><br />This is one of those movies where you ca n't think if you want to enjoy it . Just look at the visuals and nod your head prettily . Any thought as to , " what 's the point of that ? " will suck you out of disbelief and make you eye the exit sign with longing.<br /><br />Okay ... SPOILERS follow.<br /><br />So , basically , a scientist creates " the Machine " that is capable of creating other , intelligent , robotic life . Evil humans use it as a weapon . However , the scientist realizes that he is also at fault . He gave the Machine his intellect , but did n't give it his heart . < br /><br />The Machine goes Skynet on humanity 's collective ass and wipes out all life on earth , finally slowly powering down . However , the scientist manages to survive and create walking sock - puppets . Each one , containing a piece of the scientist 's soul.<br /><br />The last one , # 9 wakes up not knowing anything about the world . He sees a strange device nearby and picks it up . He meets up with another like himself , # 2 . < br /><br />Well , # 2 gets captured by a last surviving robot of the Machine . # 9 finds more like himself ands sets off to rescue # 2 . < br /><br />They succeed.<br /><br />#9 notices that there is a matching hole that fits the device perfectly . He inserts it and the Machine comes back to life ... pulling out # 2 's soul in the process.<br /><br />The movie then continues with action scenes with # 9 trying to rescue his soul - yanked compatriots . < br /><br />They eventually succeed and destroy the Machine . They release the souls of their fallen friends , who go up into the clouds . It then rains and we see life returning back to the planet.<br /><br />Hunh?!?<br /><br />That makes no sense . None at all . Why the heck did the scientist want to split his soul into 9 homunculi ? What did it accomplish ? Were they created to stop the machine ? Everything is dead ! The machine was dead ! Why bother?!?<br /><br />Why did he expect nine little critters to succeed when nothing else had ? Why not create a second intellectual machine , but with a " soul " to fight the first .. at least that would have seemed like it would have had a reasonable chance at success.<br /><br />Why did they have to have their souls sucked into the device by the Machine and then destroy the Machine and then release the souls in order to bring life back to earth ? Why not just wait for the machine to power down and bring life back without all the rest of the insane steps ?
0 I seriously ca n't believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov , two people I LOVE , signed on to produce this crap . Tim Burton is a brilliant director , but to be honest I 've been losing interest in him for a while since his last few movies were either remakes or adaptations . He did produce the brilliant " Nightmare Before Christmas " , which is one I 've watched multiple times , and directed movies like " Beetlejuice " and " Sleepy Hollow " , which are awesome films . Bekmambetov directed 3 films that I LOVE : Night Watch , Day Watch , and Wanted . I 've only seen those three of his , but they prove he 's an awesome director.<br /><br />Those two people producing one of the many reasons I was excited to see 9 . So today I went to go see it at the theatre . I was so excited to finally have seen it . I had waited 7 months for the movie to come out.<br /><br />This movie is the first time I 've walked out of a Tim Burton - related movie and said " I enjoyed almost NONE of that " . I felt heartbroken to even have felt that way . I mean , with him and Bekmambetov at the production helm you 'd have expected this movie to be a good watch . Right now I still ca n't get over how let down I was by this movie . I had n't even heard of the original short film before seeing it but now , I can successfully say that this movie should have remained a short movie . Hell , Neil Blomkamp made an AWESOME full length remake of Alive in Joburg entitled District 9 , what was so hard to get right about 9 ? ? ? I really wanted to think this movie was awesome . I really did . But no , it failed on so many levels.<br /><br />The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed . I had no idea what was going on , let alone what it was about . Basically it 's about a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth . Well , OK , that 's what I got from it . But the writing here is extremely poor . The whole film jumps around like a 6 year old with A.D.D. telling a story . There 's this big , giant clanky monster robot that 9 awakens , causing destruction and stuff . That 's the main villain . However , what else is wrong with this movie is that EVERYTHING COMES OUT OF NOWHERE . There were too many monster robots , most of which have no logical explanation behind them . They have 0 development whatsoever . I mean , that flying pterodactyl like monster just rips out of nowhere , we have no idea where it comes out of and Acker just expects us to know what it is . What was even more retarded was that snake - like creature with the strobing eyes that hypnotize . I dare you to give that description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh . All of the 3 people I told about it burst out laughing . Oh and it wraps victims up and sews them inside it . I'M. NOT . KIDDING.<br /><br />The twist in Act III is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie . So basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in , finds this box with a hologram from the scientist in it for 9 , and he tells him that the big scary machine robot was designed to bring robot life to earth , but then evil humans use it for war , and it was supposed to help protect the earth , but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could help protect the world with it . And HE ONLY MENTIONS GIVING HIS LIFE TO 9 . But what about the other robots ? WHO GAVE THEIR LIVES TO THEM ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? This is the perfect example of poor , rushed writing . There 's only one of the life taking device thingy that exists so how did the other 8 get life given to them ? ? ? ? ? ? ? The characters are not likable at all either . They risk their lives for no reason at all . The only good character is 7 . 6 annoyed me with his " GO BACK TO THE SOURCE ! ! ! ! ! ! " ramblings , 1 is an overpowering idiot , 2 we do n't know ANYTHING about , 5 kept annoying me with his " Are you sure ... " or " Can I stay here instead ... ? " questions . And that ending ? UGH . I 'm glad I 'm not the only one who thinks that the ending was a huge WTF moment.<br /><br />There 's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation . Everything looks realistic and beautiful , I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything . However , beauty ca n't save a good movie.<br /><br />While it 's true that this movie is very pretty looking , pretty is as pretty does , and 9 does squat . I 'm sure Burton fans will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie without a doubt , in fact with his and Bekmambetov 's names being thrown around the promos , people will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie . I know I may be making a big deal out of nothing , but watching this movie made me realize how much I hate movies with unlikeable characters , nonexistent plot and just pure style over content . And this movie is one of those movies .
0 9 , the film I 've been looking forward to for months .... was little more then a disappointment.<br /><br />I was deeply surprised by 9 's lack of story and strange character development . All the awesome action sequences in the world do n't make up for a single unsympathetic character . < br /><br />The strange , almost thrown in occult sequences were not only out of place , they were infuriating . The story is about robots and scientists ... why does it suddenly turn into a necronomicon horror wannabe with mystical symbols and green magic ghost lines instead of giving answers to what could have been excellently scary story devices??<br /><br />How , what , when , why .... questions that bode asking only if you care and it becomes less and less likely that you will as you get away from the theater . < br /><br />A film like this is frustrating because of its lack of depth .... I would watch this film drawn in crayon if the story was good . But the filmmakers have relied on CGI wizardry and Tim Burtons name to draw in the crowd . Which ... is what drew me in but failed to gain my respect.<br /><br />9 could have been awesome ... with a few more rewrites and a little more respect from its own creators .
0 This really was a waste of time ... the movie has a weak plot , the story is fragmented and ends very abruptly with many loopholes .... though the animation is top notch . < br /><br />Once the movie started , I tried to give it the benefit of the doubt by telling myself that it might get interesting in the later stage , but it was never unique . This same plot has been played over and over again , but what made it worse was that the major plot hole was the whole story on how to kill the baddies ... The writer could have done so much more with the entire concept , but seemed that he or she did not have their heart in it and wanted to close the movie as soon as it started.<br /><br />Overall , too much hype but not able to deliver .
0 What ? ! ? ? Why are people saying this is " mind blowing ? " Just face it the ending is on of the worst endings in the history of cinematography ! 4 left and the whole world has ended ! Not to mention the character 9 was a idiot the whole time he got everyone killed . 1 was right the whole time , if he sacrificed 9 then non of this would have happened . People giving there lives for a stupid cause and for what ? ... to make it rain ? I admit the movie had it 's parts , and the whole concept was fascinating . But a lot of it was clichés one after another . And did anybody else get this feeling that this is a lot like " Lord of The Rings ? " Characters died for stupid reasons , there was almost no character development , and honestly ask yourself is it good to have only four guys left in the world ; its pointless and stupid . It was one of the shortest movies I 've ever seen , and thank god ! How is robots turning against humans creative in any way ! It 's been done like a hundred times ! This movie is really stupid , go see a movie that 's worth watching like Star Trek , The Hangover , or Inglorious Basterds , those were good movies !
0 This movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movies . Horrible . < br /><br />There was n't a continuous minute where there was n't a fight with one monster or another . There was no chance for any character development , they were too busy running from one sword fight to another . I had no emotional attachment ( except to the big bad machine that wanted to destroy them ) < br /><br />Scenes were blatantly stolen from other movies , LOTR , Star Wars and Matrix . < br /><br />Examples < br /><br />>The ghost scene at the end was stolen from the final scene of the old Star Wars with Yoda , Obee One and Vader . < br /><br />>The spider machine in the beginning was exactly like Frodo being attacked by the spider in Return of the Kings . ( Elijah Wood is the victim in both films ) and wait ...... it hypnotizes ( stings ) its victim and wraps them up ..... uh hello????<br /><br />>And the whole machine vs. humans theme WAS the Matrix .. or Terminator ..... <br /><br />There are more examples but why waste the time ? And will someone tell me what was with the Nazi 's ? ! ? ! Nazi 's ? ? ? ? < br /><br />There was a juvenile story line rushed to a juvenile conclusion . The movie could not decide if it was a children 's movie or an adult movie and was n't much of either . < br /><br />Just awful . A real disappointment to say the least . Save your money .
0 It used to be my thinking that movies required plots , or some other means of making you care at all about the story line or anything that is going on . This movie has showed me that you do n't actually have to have anything like that.<br /><br />I could sum it up simply as that . But , IMDb wants me to have more lines . It was kind of pretty . not compelling in the slightest . The way the characters talk in the movie makes you think it should have taken place over a matter of days , but there is no passage of time and i 'm pretty sure it all happens in an hour.<br /><br />If you are looking to entertain yourself , then buy a gallon of milk and see how fast you can drink it before throwing up . It would be a far better use of your time . Time that you will never get back . Jurassic Park 3 was pulled off better than this movie .
0 I 'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie , but few minutes after it started , I wanted to leave the theater . For a while I hoped at least the story will surprise me , but then realized it 's a waste of time , there was just nothing there . I stayed only because I had another show after it.<br /><br />Design : some designs where quite beautiful , mostly of the environment , but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design . They look great while still - on posters and screenshots , but not when they have to come to life ! They just did n't work , mostly because the very same mistake most 3D companies make : technically it is very hard to create really natural materials in 3D , that would make you feel that the character is alive . You need a lot of effort and knowledge ( hence money ) to create something that really feels like hair , skin , fabric , etc . Those characters in the movie were made out of " cloth " , and that just did n't work ! So they had this ugly cold feeling of the computer artificiality , where the cloth stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic . It just did n't have the feel of a material , that dolls are made of ( that 's what those characters meant to be ) . I think it was a big mistake choosing this style for the characters . It just had a feeling of a 3D shoot'n'run computer game . I do n't want to go to cinema to have a computer game on my screen , do n't know about you ... <br /><br />Animation was also a disgrace . I am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed at the low level of animation in " 9 " . It was stiff , boring , almost lacked any imagination or mood . It was just a little bit above most average 3D animations I saw , and that does n't add to it any good ... <br /><br />And all that - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story , right ? ! That was not the case here . Actually the story was the worst thing in that movie . It was below any level . It starts straight forward , it goes straight forward and it ends the same . There is no twist , no surprise , no good dialogs , even no development . We 've heard and saw stories of machines overtaking the humankind thousands of times and " 9 " is just one of them , and we know how it ends at the very first minute of that movie . The characters do n't even have time to get into the story - they are just there , showing themselves almost immediately , and immediately some of them take action without even getting to know what 's going on . It just did n't work . There are also many repetitive action sequences , that looked as if they were made to fill in the time for the lack of a story ... <br /><br />Acting , sound and script - oh my gosh , what can I tell , it was pathetic . Bad story has a bad script , and except dialogs like " No , do n't do it ! " " I will do it ! " " But ... you can not do it alone ! " " We can do it together ! " " But there are rules ! " " But we have to save him ! " etc etc and so on , and repeating itself all the time , so besides those terribly pathetic dialogs , there were those non stop " Ahh " and " Ohhh " and"Ehh " , and " Oooh " , and " Whatchout " , and " Run ! " and " OhOhh ! " that were following almost every jump , run , or fall of the characters and it even sounded as if they were out of sync or even unrehearsed.<br /><br />Conclusion : bad acting , bad animation , bad sound , bad story , bad script , bad characters , everything expected , no surprises , no twist , nothing . Only some good designs are not worth the time . BIG NO !
0 This is the worst movie I have seen since " I Know Who Killed Me " with Lindsey Lohan . < br /><br />After watching this movie I can assure you that nothing but frustration and disappointment await you should you choose to go see this . Hey , Tim Burton , I used to be a big fan of yours ... did you even screen this movie ? I mean seriously , what the f%#k?<br /><br />Without giving anything away , here is the story in a vague nutshell ... Nine wakes up , he does stuff , his actions and decisions are irrelevant ... and the movie ends . Oh wait ... here comes a spoiler ... <br /><br />Spoiler alert ! Spoiler alert ! At the end of the movie .... it rains . I think a part of my soul died while watching this movie .
0 I am always wary of taking too instant a dislike to a film . Look at it a month later and you might see it differently , or dig it up after 50 years in a different continent and some cult followers find something stylistically remarkable that went unnoticed at first . After sitting through The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael at its UK premiere , it came as no surprise to me that I found the question and answer session afterwards more interesting than the film itself . Shane Danielsen ( Artistic Director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival ) , aided by the film 's director and producer , gave a spirited defence of a movie than received an overall negative response from the audience . Edinburgh Festival audiences are not easily shocked . Only one person walked out in disgust . The criticisms of the film included very articulate and constructive ones from the lay public as well as an actor and a woman who teaches M.A. film directors . This was not an overly ' shocking ' film . There was a degree of uninterrupted sexual violence , but far less extreme than many movies ( most actual weapon contact was obscured , as were aroused genitals ) . The audience disliked it because they had sat through two hours that were quite boring , where the acting standards were not high , where the plot was poor , predictable and drawn out , and where they had been subjected to clumsy and pretentious film - making on the promise of a controversial movie . Metaphors to the war in Iraq are contrived , over - emphasised and sloppy ( apart from a general allusion to violence , any deeper meaning is unclear ) ; and the ' fig - leaf ' reference Marquis de Sade , as one audience member put it , seems a mere tokenistic excuse for lack of plot development towards the finale.<br /><br />We have the story of an adolescent who has a certain amount going for him ( he stands out at school for his musical ability ) but takes drugs and hangs out with youths who have little or nothing going for them and whose criminal activities extend to rape and violence . When pushed , Robert seems to have a lot of violence locked inside him.<br /><br />The film is not entirely without merit . The audience is left to decide how Robert got that way : was it the influence of his peers ? Why did all the good influences and concern from parents and teachers not manage to include him in a better approach to life ? Cinematically , there is a carefully - montaged scene where he hangs back ( whether through too much drugs , shyness , a latent sense of morality or just waiting his turn ? ) . Several of his friends are raping a woman in a back room , partly glimpsed and framed in the centre of the screen . In the foreground of the bare bones flat , a DJ is more concerned that the girl 's screams interrupt his happy house music than with any thought for the woman . Ultimately he is a bit annoyed if their activities attract police attention . The stark juxtaposition of serious headphones enjoyment of his music even when he knows a rape is going on points up his utter disdain in a deeply unsettling way . Robert slumps with his back to us in the foreground.<br /><br />But the rest of the film , including its supposedly controversial climax involving considerable ( if not overly realistic ) sexual violence , is not up to this standard . Some people have had a strong reaction to it ( the filmmakers ' stated intention : " If they vomit , we have succeeded in producing a reaction " ) but mostly - and as far as I can tell the Edinburgh reaction seems to mirror reports from Cannes - they feel , " Why have programmers subjected us to such inferior quality film - making ? " Director Clay Hugh can talk the talk but has not developed artistic vision . His replies about holding up a mirror to life to tell the truth about things that are swept under the carpet , even his defence that there is little plot development because he did n't want to do a standard Hollywood movie - all are good answers to criticisms , but unfortunately they do not apply to his film , any more than they do to holding up a mirror while someone defecates , or wastes film while playing ineptly with symbols . Wanting to try and give him the benefit of any lingering doubt , I spoke to him for a few minutes after the screening , but I found him as distasteful as his movie and soon moved to the bar to wash my mouth out with something more substantial . There are many truths . One aspect of art is to educate , another to entertain , another to inspire . I had asked him if he had any social or political agenda and he mentions Ken Loach ( one of the many great names he takes in vain ) without going so far as to admit any agenda himself . He then falls back on his mantra about his job being to tell the truth . I am left with the feeling that this was an overambitious project for a new director , or else a disingenuous attempt to put himself on the map by courting publicity for second rate work < br /><br />Andy Warhol could paint a tin of soup and it was art . Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors that have made controversial cinema and pushed boundaries . Sadly , his ability at the moment only extends to making high - sounding excuses for a publicity - seeking film .
0 There is just one word for this film . Appalling . The director clearly has talent but like his character Robert Carmichael he throws it all away.<br /><br />Carmichael has potential , but like Cray he ca n't be bothered to use it . Being drawn into petty crime and then descending into depravity is Cray 's vision of British youth . Like the British tabloids this film portrays young people with no aspirations or respect . Cray cries out for attention , but deserves none.<br /><br />I was appalled by the act of violence that Cray chose to shove in the faces of the audience . He assumes the audience are ignorant of world atrocities . Like a piece of obscene graffiti on a toilet wall he shows us male depravity with adolescent glee.<br /><br />Some actors of quality have small parts in this film . Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville both make short appearances . The acting is otherwise amateur , the young men Joe and Ben are cringe making . Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is creepy . Miranda Wilson plays Monica , the attractive wife of celeb chef Jonathon ( Michael Howe ) ; how she was able to subject herself to such an ordeal is beyond belief . The film is never subtle and Monica is treated to the most gratuitous violence which is cut with war action . War imagery is used to convey the idea that young men can not help themselves , that acts of violence will occur within even " civilised " countries . This is most certainly true and is symptomatic of our altered society where males have an increasingly less important position , but Cray descends to the level of the barbaric males he seeks to expose through his use of such brutal and violent images . The female characters in the film offer no relief . They are either victims or in Manville 's case a washed out mother . The community is represented as dysfunctional.<br /><br />This is Cray 's first film . I listened to what he had to say during a Q and A session at Edinburugh and he is not unintelligent , he simply lacks experience and his film exposes his naivety . The film is due to be released later this year , but I hope the company goes bust cos the public really do n't need this kind of messed up material .
0 This movie commits what I would call an emotional rape on the viewer . The movie supposedly caused quite a stir among the critics in Cannes , but for me the final scene was just a pathetic attempt for a newbie director to get himself noticed . Hardly a voice in the discussion on the issue of violence , drug abuse or juvenile delinquency ( or any other issue , for that matter).<br /><br />The main character 's metamorphosis from good , but troubled boy to the vicious rapist is virtually nonexistent , whereas the rape scene ( being an over - dragged , exaggerated version of the rape scene from " A clockwork orange " ) is unbearable and I refuse to comment on its aesthetic values . There are some things an artist should not do to try and achieve his / her goal . At least in my opinion.<br /><br />To wrap it up : shockingly brutal , revolting and NOT WORTH YOUR TIME . See " A clockwork orange " or " Le pianiste " instead .
0 Thomas Clay has been mixing with the wrong types . That 's the trouble with young people these days , they have no respect.<br /><br />Seriously this film should be avoided at all costs . The action in the main body of the film is slow and rather stodgy and ambles to the drug crazed ending as if , like it 's director , it has no where better to go . We are introduced to the main title character who is a bit of an outsider , we see him at school and at home not quite fitting in , feeling awkward in himself as so many adolescents do . Robert falls in with bad lads and starts missing school and taking drugs and before you know it he is a psycho rapist.<br /><br />The film is really about Clay 's total failure to understand the links between violence imagery and violent acts . Clay seems to think a generation of crazed youth are made evil by scenes of war on our TVs . yet he has filmed the most disgusting piece of SIMULATED violence . Is this guy for real?<br /><br />If Clay has not seen YouTube perhaps he is naive and unaware of will be done with the brutal climax scene from his film ? All anyone will want to see is the most hideous scene from the end of the film and I am sure that will be what sticks with people . < br /><br />The rest of the film is pointless for in committing such an act of violence to film Clay not only damns young people who are actively engaged in preventing war , he also damns himself as perpetrator of extreme , tasteless violence for no better reason than his own personal celebrity status.<br /><br />Shame on all involved .
0 So they hyped the violence and it 's been branded as sick . Well , the violence is the best bit I 'm afraid , but unfortunately the characters are not developed enough to allow us to understand why they go on their ( entirely predictable ) rampage . This film has a truly dreadful script . We never get a chance to get to know Robert and his actions at the end are just plain pathetic . The acting is n't much better , either , the worst of them being the TV chef and the school teacher . The direction is clumsy , the pace enough to send you to sleep . And what on earth is the school film project all about ? A comment on the film itself perhaps ? The use of newsreel during the climactic murder is laughable . These guys obviously think they 're intellectuals but are hopelessly out of their depth . How on earth they got the great Yorgos Arvanitis to light it I 'll never know . And how they got the money to make it in the first place is an even greater mystery . Absolutely awful beyond comprehension .
0 Violence whether real or not always has an impact . In this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for . In the Great Ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of . But what was the point ? The violence looks like a mix of Noë 's ' Irreversible , and ' Kubrick 's ' Clockwork Orange' ... both of which are remarkable films . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not opposed to screen violence at all and I 've seen some nasty stuff in my film - going years , but this film as a whole is totally juvenile . The story is never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence , the rizla paper thin reason we are give for Robert 's demise is his introduction to drugs . Danny Dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for Robert 's drug fuelled demise , however he is on screen for less than 5 minutes . Lesley Manville is Robert 's unable to cope mum , I am not sure what either of these actors is doing in a film of this low caliber . The acting is wooden , the scene in the kitchen with the TV - cook and his wife for instance is as painful to watch if not more so than the shocking finale- who wrote those dialogues ? ! Some of the comments the boys make ... 'looks like she 's enjoying it ' are so trite as to tempt one to laugh if it were not for Clay 's ardent desire to bombard us with harrowing images of mutilated female genitals . Why we need to be shown such detail possibly down to the director 's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic imagery ... one can only wonder at this young man 's psychology.<br /><br />The ' political meaning ' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the amount of scenes ; in the bar , outside the TV - cook 's house , war in Iraq reports , was perhaps too obvious in my opinion . Yes , war is violent , social determinism causes frustration , we 're all prone to horrifingly violent acts whether you 're in politics or on the street popping E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying issue is evading the actual issue which is the meaning of violence in man . This issue is one that we still have n't managed to grasp and certainly not in this film.<br /><br />My opinion : derivative , badly - made and pointless .
0 I saw this at the Edinburgh Film Festival . It was awful ! Every clichéd , violent , rich boy fantasy was on display , you just knew how it was going to end especially with all the shots of the chef 's wife and the rape of the first girl.<br /><br />The worst part was the Q&A with the director / writer and writer / producer they tried to come across as intellectuals but you could tell they 're the types that get off on violence . I bet anything they frequent brothels and do drugs.<br /><br />Don't waste your time . I had to keep my boyfriend from walking out of it .
0 I did watch all of the film through to the disgraceful ending even though I felt so angry at what I saw . I felt that the director was screaming for attention and the only way he could achieve this was to be as repulsive as possible . Since I have lived in the UK I have come to love this country but this film depicts British young people in the worst way imaginable . There is nothing to be said but avoid it , it will make you angry and sick . The people involved should be ashamed .
0 I have seen it . It 's not " good " but interesting in an understated way . The boys in it are quite naturalistic but ................ the graphic / gratuitous final gang rape scene is repugnant and -oh yes- the arbitrary insertion of second world war footage is offensive in the way it attempts to compare real horror with this misogynistic contrivance . Real atrocity is real- this film is just atrocious . However , the film has a look which can draw you in . But it seems to me that is the " Emperor 's New Clothes " , but in fact in reverse . The film looks good , but the direction , story , content and final feeling you take away from this film is vacuous . If a feeling can be vacuous - this is it .
0 This is the most disturbing film I have ever seen . It makes " Requiem for a Dream " look like a Disney film . Although , technically , it is reasonably well made , acting , cinematography , music , directing , etc . , are good . However , the concluding gang rape scene is the most appalling and violent thing I have ever seen and I really wish I had not seen it . I am afraid that it will haunt me for the rest of my life . Although I think anyone would find the film extremely disturbing , my wife and some of her friends were victimized in a very similar manner and I really did n't need an explicit reminder of the horror that they experienced . I saw the film at the SXSW film festival in Austin , TX and none of the cast or crew were in attendance . I would have liked for them to have had the opportunity to defend the violence in their film , which I felt was excessive , gratuitous and unnecessary . An earlier scene successfully conveyed the mood they were apparently striving for , but without rubbing your face in the extreme and explicit sexual violence . This film should have a big WARNING label on it . For these reasons I would not recommend anyone seeing it . You 've been warned .
0 First a technical review . The script is so slow , it is really a 25 minute story blown up to 1 hour 40 min . The dialogue is so flat and truly one - dimensional . The " acting " is pathetic , they seem to really have lifted schoolchildren out of class to read a few lines from an idiot board . As for the whole " point " of the story , namely " war is bad " ( oh , there 's a shock ! ) is really non - existent . Without out the " lets shock 'em and get great publicity " scene nobody would be talking about this film . It is so bad it actually bothers me to think what better things the money used this could have gone on . Believe me I 've seen some bad " emperor 's new clothes " films but the one thing I can say for them is at least they were well shot and well made while the camera wobbled during two scenes in this ! Read all the other reviews - avoid at all costs and do n't talk about it .
0 This cowardly and offensive film had me intrigued to begin with . The characters are the familiar dispossessed young males frequently to be seen hanging around bored in a sea side town . Robert is an outsider but he has his music which could have been his soul . Instead Clay makes Robert into a freak who embarks on a journey into cannabis and ecstasy and getting in with the wrong crowd . Clay seems to believe in " reefer madness " and Robert ends the film as a homicidal rapist . One wonders how much experience of real life this young director has . No one can save poor Robert . Clay leaves us with the message that young British men are out of control . A very unsubtle link is made to the Iraqi insurgents ; during the needlessly graphic rape we are subjected to explosions and images of war . The film shows male peer group extremism pushed to it 's limits . The young bombers in London draw a parallel with Clay 's hateful depiction of modern male . Clay implies that men simply can not help themselves from inflicting terrible acts of violence . It is a wonder the British film industry allows money to be invested in films which advocate such divisive propaganda , when in London we are still reeling from the recent attacks . This is Clay 's first film , I would be delighted if it is his last .
0 At the end of the film I just asked myself : " is it the worse movie I have ever seen or is it the worse movie I have ever seen ? " . And the answer is ... Actually , after having seen this movie and thought a bit about the meaning of it , you just ca n't find any meaning and you can only remember the two rape scenes , which are unbelievably brutal and useless . It seems to me as if the director tried to push this question into the crowd 's head : " what are such crimes compared to horror of war and extermination ? " because i noticed that the two awful scenes where directly connected to war and it 's horrors ( during the first scene you can here the girl that is being raped screaming and in the same time you hear one of president Bush 's speeches about the necessity of starting a war with Iraq and in the second scene , the pictures of the three criminals sticking a sword in a woman 's vagina , are directly followed by archive pictures of World war II . But as a matter of facts , i really could not think about the relative gravity of theses two different kinds of human horror 's expression , being done i was too shocked by what i had just seen and felt . ( sorry for bad English )
0 I saw this movie on the film festival of Rotterdam ( jan ' 06 ) and followed the discussion between director and public afterwards . Many people reacted shocked and protesting . He will get a lot of negative critics . But : the world is cruel like this , and it 's not funny . People do n't like it . That itself does n't mean that the movie is bad . I can see that difference . Do n't shoot the messenger that shows us the world outside our ' hubble ' ! Nevertheless I think this a bad movie . Film - technically it 's a good one . Nice shots and script , most good fitting music , great actors . The director pretends to make a psychological movie , - the psychology however is of poor quality . Describing such a powerful violence itself is not the art . The art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind that violence . How does a shy boy come to such a cruelty ? The director pretends to describe that , - but is not good in that.<br /><br />The director used several times the word the ' selfishness ' of people , mentioning for instance the teacher . Only : this teacher was n't selfish,- just someone in several roles , caring for his pupils , ánd worried about his script . I think it 's a simplification to call him selfish . The atmosphere in the village is creepy , and the mother made awful mistakes ( ' you terribly let me down  ' ) but it does n't become believable for me , that there is caused súch a lot of pain , that the shyest boy comes to such terrible things . In fact , reality is far more complex than the way , this film describes  and it needs far better descriptions . The interesting thing would be : how does it work ? Describe that process for me please , so that we understand.<br /><br />With the written phrase on the end , the director said to point to an alternative way of life . It was the other extreme , and confirmed for me that director and scriptwriter are bad psychologists , promoting black / white - thinking . The connection between violence in films and in society has been proved . Use such a violence gives the responsibility to use it right . There are enough black / white - thinkers in the world , causing lots of war and misery . I hope , this movie wo n't be successful .
0 Badly made . Dreadful acting and an ending that the Director appeared to contrive out of nowhere as the film had frankly been nothing short of dull . Shocking that this film is considered for an award at the Gijón Film Festival.<br /><br />Everyone that came out of the theatre was of the same opinion as I - what was the point of even making the film ? The references to Iraq were either bizarre or just not thought through properly . I am astonished that this film has been given a release - very , very disappointing and a waste of my time . Sorry , terribly negative review but hopefully will deter some people from making the same mistake . What a pity we did not have a Q and A at the end of the film - now that could have been interesting .
0 With a title " borrowed " from Werner Herzog and liberal helpings of Kubrick , Haneke and Noe it is painfully obvious that Thomas Clay considers himself a cut above the usual sort of rubbish our British cinema churns out . " Robert Carmichael " ( for short ) sets itself up as a realistic study of youthful alienation and at the same time seemingly a critique of the Iraq war . The problem with the realism is that the characters are so patently unrealistic and atypical - contrary to the fetid imaginings of " extreme " filmmakers most teenagers are not drug addled rapists . As a critique of the Iraq war , a film about youth violence ( by a talented classical musician - subtext society has damaged this sensitive individual)is so infantile as to hardly bear thinking about . There are signs of technical ability but some reviewers have overstated this . Like Kubrick and Noe he does show that the desire to shock linked with supposed serious intent may be the worst cinematic con trick of recent film . People liked " Clockwork Orange " and " Irreversible " because they liked the rapes and the violence , but most of all they liked feeling culturally superior for liking things that most hated . So too much Kubrick and not enough Haneke ( a serious and moral filmmaker ) here labels this as one of the most moronic films in years . ( I am not against violence in film . To do it seriously is a hard trick though - people in cinemas cheered Alex in " Clockwork Orange " showing how Kubrick 's supposed intent was missed by miles . Gratuitous violence is much easier to achieve and is less offensive than the pretensions of many art - film directors . )
0 I ca n't believe I 've just spent one and a half hours watching such a weak film . If there is only one film you have to miss , this is the one.<br /><br />Robert is a teenager whose father 's died recently so he starts hanging out with some local anti - social teenagers and using drugs . All these make him subconsciously more violent and at last such subconsciousness explodes ... <br /><br />The first thing is that I do n't think I can find any sense or trace of great ecstasy in this film , not in any single character . If the director considers what I saw in the last couple of minutes as great ecstasy , I have to say that that 's not even close.<br /><br />The use of cinematography is also not mature . Most of the time I could n't see any facial expressions from the actors and I did n't feel the body language was sufficient enough to make an impact . Maybe the crew was just so tired that they fixed the camera there to include everything in the settings . Everybody happy except the audience.<br /><br />The plot is particularly weak . There are a lot of unrelated scenes and talking which might be supposed to be related but they are really so random that you can never pull them all together , perhaps unless you 're the one who wrote them.<br /><br />In the one and a half hour you may find less than 5 minutes of real acting and all other time there are just people walking , talking and moving . So I really ca n't comment on acting here.<br /><br />Nice choice of music in the last couple of minutes though . Maybe this is the only good thing.<br /><br />I have never given a film a 1 but this film certainly deserves it ( at least you laugh when you watch Scary Movies ) . This is a film about when a failed attempt to portray troubled teenagers meets extremely disturbed audience . Hope you fall into neither group .
0 The Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael is bad film in every way . The script , the dreary pace , the lack of depth in any character , the pointless sub - plots , the dreadful acting , the needless climax all make this possibly the worst film I 've ever seen . I found nothing likable , enjoyable or intellectually stimulating in any way.<br /><br />I imagine the film makers thought they were making something clever and dark , with its moody lighting , long protracted silences and vaguely haunting classical soundtrack . If so , they failed utterly . It just bored me , and I wish I had never watched it.<br /><br />Avoid at all costs .
0 I watched this film , along with every other adaptation I could get my hands on- including seeing plays- in preparation for some academic research . The cinematography is very moving , as is the music . Unfortunately all of the life was taken out of the story . I have never seen such an awful portrayal of Mr. Rochester . All of his most fundamental traits are gone . Where is his wit ? Where is his passion ? Scott 's Rochester more closely resembles Rochester 's foil , St . John , than the character from the novel . In fact , the actor playing St . John in this adaptation played a passionate St . John while Scott is content to smash things or just stare at the ceiling ( which he does all the time ) . I have no idea what they were thinking . I would like to give this film a slightly higher vote based on the wonderful music and cinematography but I honestly ca n't bear to see this film for too long because of George C. Scott 's performance .
0 This TV production of 1970 starring Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt " Jane Eyre " to the screen , and how much can go wrong in doing so . It is true that the movie suffered in the transfer to DVD - some scenes which were complete in the original were shortened and so badly edited that there are striking continuity gaps and that even one crucial scene between Jane and Rochester starts in the middle of a sentence ! But even if the editing were better , the film would not be . The script is bad , the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and nearly all actors are miscast . As a consequence one does not have the feeling of watching an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë 's novel at all . The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or left out - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do no at all capture the tone , the spirit , the atmosphere and the concept of the novel.<br /><br />This Jane Eyre for example completely leaves out Gateshead and begins with Jane 's arrival at Lowood . While this is perfectly all right , since some scenes must by necessity be left out , it is not understandable that , instead of using the time gained ( so to speak ) and thoroughly portraying Jane 's friendship with Helen , the influence Helen has for Jane 's development , the lecture in Christian stoicism that she teaches her , the film nearly exclusively concentrates on the physical ill - treatment of Helen , which is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation . What Helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel , but here Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward , who deliberately wants to drive Helen to a premature death . And this is about all which happens at Lowood . If you compare that to the deep impact the years spent in Lowood have on Jane in the novel , one can only state with regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in Jane 's life . And this is the problem throughout this adaptation : It rushes from scene to scene , very often without transition , and nowhere comes even near the essence of the novel . The dialogues are an odd mixture of made - up lines and lines from the novel , very clumsily patched together , and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so shortened that both share only 5 minutes together on screen before they fall in love , and the little conversation they have contains nothing of the brilliance , the intensity and also the humour of the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel . But the scriptwriter not only did Brontë 's language injustice but in addition managed to ruin her moral set - up with just one sentence . When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester 's wife after the would - be wedding , Rochester says : " Yet I once loved her ( his wife ) as I love you now . " The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and was trapped into marrying a mad woman whom he never loved , and that his effort to seek a true life partner is , if not sanctified by God 's and man 's law , yet understandable and forgivable ! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë 's whole carefully constructed moral concept and turns Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is of no use to him any longer.<br /><br />From the errors regarding the script to the errors regarding the casting : Now I am by no means one of those who insist on physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure he portrays , but by no stretch of imagination is it possible to picture lovely , blonde , blue - eyed and full - mouthed Susannah York as the novel 's plain heroine . In addition , Ms York was in her thirties when the film was shot and looks it . Played by her , the novel 's shy , reserved and inexperienced young Jane becomes a perfectly poised , graceful and mature woman , completely sure of herself and her deserts . I do not say that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly but the woman she portrays is not Brontë 's Jane Eyre . To cast George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester who looked old enough to make the 18 years difference in age between Jane and Rochester plausible . Scott looks as if he were around 50 but acts in various scenes as if he were 70.<br /><br />To compliment the " maturity " of the leading actors all passion , desire and despair seems to have been deliberately wrung out of the script . The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding , the emotional climax of the novel , has become a calm , rational conversation between two middle - aged persons , at the end of which Rochester falls asleep . When Jane returns to him in the last scene , he is just as mildly pleased as a grandfather who has just been paid a visit in his old people 's home by his favourite granddaughter . The only character who displays an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John , of all people . Ian Bannen plays him so passionately and his eager plea for Jane 's love is so touching that one gets the impression that Bannen was modelling his St. John on the Rochester of the novel . But good though Bannen is , his St. John is just as far from the novel as York 's Jane and Scott 's Rochester . The only redeeming features of this very disappointing " Jane Eyre " are the locations and the score , and I would only recommend this production to those who want to watch and compare every single adaptation of " Jane Eyre " .
0 I bought the DVD version of this movie on the recommendation of my wife who loved the version she saw aired in television . But the version put to DVD was a disaster . The lighting was poor to non - existent and entire scenes were simply excised . In one instance Adele is being put to bed , and we immediately cut to another scene - coming in in mid - sentence - where it 's the next night . Characters such as Grace Poole and Mason are never even introduced , leaving one to wonder if they 'd dozed off for a few minutes during the movie.<br /><br />The DVD we saw was produced by Platinum Disc Corp and even at $ 6.32 it was a gyp.<br /><br />Be careful which version of this movie you buy ! We 're sending this one back .
0 This is by far the worst adaptation of Jane Eyre I have seen . It is uncertain whether or not the writer of the screenplay ever read the book by Bronte . George C Scott is ridiculous and bumbling as Rochester -- when not just plain old acting angry . Susannah York has the most dated 1970 's hairstyle I have ever seen in a Victorian movie . The characters hardly speak to each other , so the rich banter enjoyed in the book that is the basis for their deep intellectual and abiding love , is gone . The ending is ludicrous.<br /><br />Please , rent the Timothy Dalton version instead . It is so true to the book , it 's like having the novel read aloud to you . Dalton is superb as Rochester . G. C. Scott is laughable .
0 This was in short a terrible disappointment . By far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels . The dialogue was horribly clumsy ; I could sense no feeling behind the words expressed by the characters . The lines were delivered too hastily and felt rather out of place . They could just as well have been cited by statues . The chemistry between George C. Scott and Susannah York was non - existent and watching an American Rochester felt strange . He could have at least tried to do a British accent . I like George C. Scott as an actor , but this simply did not work . I felt like I was watching highlights from Jane Eyre , where the main pieces of the story had been randomly put together with no regard to the flow of the story . The scenery and music were all very nice , but I could feel none of the passion and love that is supposed to be between Jane and Rochester and the movie left me totally unmoved.<br /><br />If you want to see a good version of Jane Eyre I suggest you watch the 1983 BBC version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke or the 1997 version with Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton . Now these two are brilliant adaptations .
0 Miscasting happens . Susannah Yorke is a luminous young Jane Eyre , and her performance is impeccable . However , Edward Rochester is supposed to be 35 . White - haired George C. Scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80 . Jane 's deceased uncle is in better shape ! He creaks and snarls , obnoxious and grim . He looks like an ax - murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened ; we 're not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic ! The great love story looks like a sado - masochistic nightmare . There is enough darkness in the novel , but Bronte 's Rochester is relatively young , athletic , powerful , and charming when he chooses to be . He has a fine speaking and singing voice , a good mind , and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle .
0 My first review of 2010 is " Into The Blue 2 : The Reef " . The story is about two divers played by Chris Carmack and Laura Vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef . One day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by David Anders and Marsha Thomason . They tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about Columbus ' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef.<br /><br />Next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing . A few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they ca n't escape otherwise they will be killed . They were hired to find two big containers . One contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core.<br /><br />The movie also has a back story about another person ( brother of the lead character ) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend , I reckon this part of the story was a waste of time , this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and was n't needed to be shown.<br /><br />However apart from that , this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars . Into The Blue 2 is a sequel only by name . None of the original actors or characters return , it has a dumb plot , stupid characters and a boring climax .
0 Brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours . The pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence . Great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it was n't so interested in primarily looking good . Performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad , or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits ( or in what I 'm guessing the reason for the " unrated " moniker a few fleeting bare breasts ) . The film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable TV movie . If you get roped in to seeing this you wo n't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation .
0 In 2005,George W. Bush started with his second period as a President of the United States ; North Korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons ; Pope John Paul II died after a long illness ; and a movie called Into the Blue appeared . The existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year , but the film itself was pathetic and maybe , the worst one from that year . Now , in 2009,the United States have another President , there is another Pope , new Korean nuclear weapons ... and the film Into the Blue 2 : The Reef , which is better than the original one ... but that 's the same as saying : " getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut".This sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested . The cast of Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is composed by TV - series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight , but who are perfect for showing their bodies . Chris Carmack ( The O.C.),David Anders ( Heroes and Alias),Laura Vandervoort ( Smallville),Marsha Tomason ( Lost ) and Audrina Patridge ( The Hills ) bring hollow and boring performances . I have liked some previous movies from director Stephen Herek ( Critters and Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure specially ) but on this movie , he can not generate even the minimum level of tension , emotion or entertainment . The characters from this movie are not only badly performed , but they are also repulsive . Honestly , I wanted all of them to die . The cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for Hawaiian hotels . Into the Blue 2 : The Reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film , but that 's the same as nothing , as I previously said . Avoid this crappy film at all costs .
0 This movie makes Peter an elf in Robin Hood costume instead of a human boy in probably - not - Robin - Hood - costume and ignores all the persona features in him that really matter . This movie makes Wendy a babbling idiot . And poor Captain Hook a TOTAL clown . And of course as every Disney cartoon must have a character which has had too many hits in the head , they made one of the Lost Boys that one . The only character that has not been disgraced in this film is Tink . The only star is for her.<br /><br />The story itself then ? The Darling parents do n't even get the time to notice their kids are gone ! ! ! Probably one of the most significant point in the original story and they ruined it ! Also the famous nursery scene between Peter Pan and Wendy is a stunning piece of- There are no thimbles and no acorns - one of the little things that makes the original story such a unique one . It 's a wonder he even had lost his shadow and she helped him stick it . ( Even though to his shoes and it makes no sense to me.)<br /><br />Ruining a great story like this just to amuse children should be illegal . So know now if you have n't known it before - this Disney version does not have anything significant in common with the original story - which is not really a children 's story but just a great , great story.<br /><br />This just annoys me to no end .
0 If you 're a fan of Mystery Science Theater 3 K , Attack of the Giant Leeches , or Pinata Survival Island , this movie might be for you.<br /><br />I live in Nashville and I did n't even know of this movie 's existence until the day prior to its release , when the advertising company panicked and blanketed Music Row with dozens of fliers and billboards . It barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway.<br /><br />Bad acting , bad writing , and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film . For starters , the names are a bit much : Bo Price , Angel , and Dixie ? Eesh.<br /><br />Toby 's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera . Angel 's character rapidly transitions from her city - slicker ways to a cowgirl , slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch . Her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of Toby's -- in fact , in the final scene , their outfits are identical , making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick.<br /><br />The audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when Toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he 's shouting in a gymnasium.<br /><br />There 's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on - screen . Overacting , exasperation , grimaces , and moodiness best describes the actors ' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.<br /><br />This movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends . But that 's not saying much .
0 I attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations : < br /><br />1 . Just because you 've directed a ton of music videos DOES NOT make you qualified to make movies . The movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense , horrible angles , and terrible lighting . The editing did n't help this mess at all . When " Dixie " shows up late for the memorial service her mother remarks about her hand but it 's never clear what the heck she 's talking about.<br /><br />2 . The plot had promise , but the script was thin and full of Ford Truck sized holes . We never get to understand what drives the characters , what 's really behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve them . Sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days seemingly by magic . The deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés . ( In fact , the whole town was one big cliché of southern life . ) Half the audience groaned when Toby drawled " Ya got my blood runnin through your veins gurl" ... and we were treated to that insipid line not once , but TWICE ! The revelations were yawn inducing , and the dramatic confessions boiled down to " I was stupid and stubborn".<br /><br />3 . The acting was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with . Toby was dark and brooding most of the film , but when he smiled and lightened up he was charming . It 's a shame he did n't have more screen time like that . Kelly Preston 's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows . Lindsay Haun is talented and it 's certainly not her fault the writers made her character so unlikeable in the beginning that you do n't blame her father for not coming to look for her . Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper were able to make more of this movie but still looked more or less lost . ( And indeed , their characters get lost in this film ! ) < br /><br />4 . If you 're a Toby fan you 'll love the songs . But often the movie felt like a scene was forced in just so they could feature one of his songs -- or the artists on his record label . For instance , the movie 's official love song is " Crash Here Tonight " . You 'd think that would play around a tender love scene , but nope ... we hear about 45 seconds of it as he 's heading to a memorial service . It was as if they said " well , we got ta use this song somewhere " . The song " Broken " is haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie.<br /><br />In summary ... a promising plot never fully develops and the movie is horribly uneven as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for Toby Keith 's music and product placement for Ford Trucks . It goes from being about people rebuilding broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music but the story is told so poorly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video . I like Toby and really wanted to like " Broken Bridges " but the people he counted on to make this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where .
0 This movie is the second worst film that I have ever seen ( the first being Ghost Rider ) . There is absolutely no plot , climax , conflict , or any other major detail required in portraying a story . This ' film ' is basically just another excuse for Toby Keith to show off his manly side and , the ' tough guy he really is ' . I completely wasted my time watching this film . The best part would have to be the ending credits . If I were Ebert or Roper , I would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers . Whoever in their right mind gave Toby Keith the chance to act in a feature film , is obviously on the same mental level as him . In conclusion , do not waste your time watching this movie , it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret .
0 Frank Tashlin 's ' The Home Front ' is one of the more lifeless Private Snafu shorts , a series of cartoons made as instructional films for the military . Rather than have Snafu take some inadvisable actions leading to disaster , ' The Home Front ' instead focuses on his loved ones back home and how much they have to offer to the war effort too . Snafu realises he was wrong when he thought they had it easy . It 's a concept with few possibilities for good gags and instead Tashlin plays the risqué card more heavily , extended jokes involving strippers and scantily clad dancing girls in place of much effective comic relief . The result is a well - meaning short which has little relevance or entertainment value today other than as an historical artefact .
0 The real irony is this : Joe Besser was a top notch comedian , in other situations away from the Stooges . He had a definite track record for being very funny and clever . Moe and Larry and Shemp had actually known him or at least of him for many years and liked his work . So what on Earth was going on when he joined the troop as the " third stooge " ? Obviously , nothing . In most of these " late Stooge " era shorts , more often than not , the boys are pitted against each other or Joe against the other two and this is not accurate Stooge etiquette . " One for all , all for one , every man for himself " , to quote Curly from " Restless Knights " . One thing about a good comedy team , Laurel & Hardy , Abbott & Costello , The Marx Brothers , no matter how much they all try to take advantage of each other or slap each other around , when the chips are actually down , they stick together and come to each other 's aid . In this particular one , none of that happens . It 's almost like watching a dog fight as one tries to cheat the others or be mean and nasty , and not for comedic effect either . One might assume that there was something behind the scenes going on here , art imitates life . Maybe there really was hence why Besser did not stay very long with Moe and Larry . Just look at the history of the other teams and tell me I 'm wrong .
0 I 'm not a big fan of the Stooges ' slapstick , but I find their history interesting . I 've recently tried to check out stuff from each Stooge era , but the opportunity to see Joe shorts does n't seem to come easy ; this is the only one I 've seen so far.<br /><br />Some say the quality problems with Joe - era shorts are really not Joe 's fault , and I suspect that 's the case . Joe as a performer is far from the worst thing about this . The thing that bothers me the most about it has been pointed out in another comment : the pitting of the other guys against the third violates the whole comedy - team / Stooges ethos . Perhaps Joe 's style was perceived , by those in charge , as not really fitting in -- though there were no real off - camera conflicts between him & the others -- and this was their way of working around that.<br /><br />And what 's with the titles of this and some of the other late Stooges shorts ? Definitely a lack of creativity going on there ; was that sort of thing the cause or the effect of the shorts market drying up ?
0 Was it a thriller , as I thought when I saw the cover at the video library ? No . Was it a ' food fr thought ' as the author was maybe trying to make it ? Not really . So what was it ? It was a very average movie , that had great potential , and was nicely directed but let down by a confusing story without strong points , beginning middle and end , with poor acting expect from the serial killer guy , who although he seemed overzealous at some points delivered the best performance of the cast overall . It was nice cinematography , with good colours , cool hi - tec stuff , beautiful scenics but leaves you lost about where it 's going and where it has just been . And with a feeling of let 's just quickly wrap it up in the end . OK to watch if there 's nothing else on TV .
0 I saw this film on the History Channel today ( in 2006 ) . First of all , I realize that this is not a documentary -- that it is a drama . But , one might hope that at least the critical " facts " that the story turns on might be based on actual events . Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people . The movie got that right . From there on , reliance on facts rapidly decays . I had never heard of this movie before seeing it . Having been a TV reporter at the time of these events , I was stunned that I had never heard anything about the bizarre behavior of Secretary Haig as portrayed by Richard Dreyfuss . The whole nation had heard the " I am in control ... " , etc . , but Dreufuss ' Haig is bullying a cowered cabinet and totally out of control personally . Having watched the film , I began researching the subject on the Internet and quickly found actual audio tapes and transcripts of most of the Situation Room conversations that this film pretends to reenact . Incredibly , many the the principal " facts " of the film meant to show a White House , Secret Service etc . in total chaos -- and the nation 's leadership behaving irrationally and driving the world near the brink of nuclear war -- are demonstrably incorrect . They did n't happen ! There is internal conflict , to be sure . Haig makes missteps , his press room performance is historically regrettable and he is " difficult " . But there is nothing approaching the scenes depicted in the film . There are too many gross errors to list , but any fair comparison of the recorded and written record and the fantasy of this film begs the question as to what the producers were really trying to accomplish . Enlighten ? Inform ? Entertain ? I believe they failed on all three fronts . It is difficult to ascribe motives to others , but one must seriously question what was behind such shameless invention . And , as for my beloved History Channel 's " Reel to Real " follow - on documentary , there was almost no mention of the issues that were the central focus of the film -- namely the events within the Administration on the day of the shooting . So , the viewer was left to research those without much -- if any -- help from the network .
0 This movie is a blatant attempt by the left in Hollywood to portray Reagan 's administration as incompetent and bungling . Some mistakes may have been made at the time of the crisis , but I 'm sure not to the extent portrayed in this lame movie . My first reaction was that this movie had to have been directed by Oliver Stone , but I was wrong this time . There are apparently many others .
0 I 'll get to the movie in a minute . First , someone wanted " proof " about Clinton 's comments at Georgetown , where he claimed that the USA " deserved " the 9 - 11 attacks . Well , here 's what Clinton said:<br /><br />"In the first Crusade , when the Christian soldiers took Jerusalem , they first burned a synagogue with 300 Jews in it and proceeded to kill every woman and child who was a Muslim on the Temple Mount . I can tell you that story is still being told today in the Middle East and we are still paying for it." < br /><br />WE'RE still paying for it ? Whaddya mean " we " , paleface ? The Marines did n't storm the Temple Mount . < br /><br />But in truth , Clinton never really came out and flatly said that we " deserved " 9 - 11 . Like all his statements during his presidency , he IMPLIED that we deserved 9 - 11 . Just point out " fact " A , B , C , and maybe D , and let the listener deduce that they must add up to conclusion X. When in truth , most of Clinton 's " Facts " added up to guacamole.<br /><br />But that 's beside the point . We 're here to talk movies , not politics . Unfortunately , when Oliver " Captain Conspiracy " Stone does a movie , you ca n't escape his warped politics . It was only a matter of time before he focused his paranoia and bitterness on the Reagan Era , and what better time than when Stone 's dreams almost came true , on the day Reagan nearly bought the farm . Unable to find any nefarious plots or schemes in Hinckley 's assassination attempt , he invents one with Al Haig . From a simple misunderstanding of the chain of Constitutional authority , Haig is transformed from a public servant who really should have brushed up on his remedial civics into a raving megalomaniac . You almost expect Haig to rub his hands together like Montgomery Burns and tell Cap Weinberger to " Release the Hounds . " Stone even recruits the smarmiest person in Hollywood to play our former Secretary of State , Richard Dreyfuss . A guy you love to hate on sight.<br /><br />Overall , the movie is OK . Average , hovering on below average . Do n't bother renting or buying . Try to catch it on cable . 4 out of 10 .
0 Well . this was not a surprise . many people will tell you this is gory . but they are all talking " shiztz " this film is very slow.<br /><br />It starts off with some guy who makes a concoction to feel no pain he calls it " my son " there is some gory scenes but i found them kind of weak . you might as well skip 40 minutes of the movie and get to the eyeball scene which was surprisingly impressive and sickening . there is some really stupid scenes in this . and they dub over the hits and slaps with stupid fake slapping sound which makes me laugh ! i would not recommend it . keep looking gore hounds.<br /><br />check this out if you want the like 20 - 10 minute ending scene which still is not that amazing and has a random scene of the guy trying to like rape his mum .. yeah its weird .
0 This movie starts out very VERY slow , but when the action finally gets started , it 's a little had to follow . I could n't understand why some of the events were taking place , and a lot of events happened before they were explained , making them sort of confusing . The only thing it really has going for it is the massive amount of blood / gore it has , although most times the special effects are lacking . Blood looks like red Kool - Aid . Skin tearing sounds like somebody is stepping on a pile of sticks . Again , the story has a sort of amateur feel to it , like the writer did n't take a long time to perfect it . I feel like it could be a much better movie if the effects were done better and more time was taken on the script . I honestly wish I had n't watched it , not because of the gore , but because I feel that i wasted 90 minutes of my life . If you like extremely gory movies , this is for you , if not , stay away .
0 As a huge fan of horror films , especially J - horror and also gore i thought Nekeddo burâddo sounded pretty good . I researched the plot , read reviews , and even looked at some photos to make sure it seemed like a good gory and scary movie to watch before downloading it . So excited it had finished and ready to be scared and recoiling in horror at the amazing gore i was expecting i was terribly disappointed . The plot was ridiculous and did n't even make sense and left too much unexplained , the gore was hilarious rather then horrifying , and what was with the cartoon style sound effects ? The acting was probably the only thing mildly scary about it . I did not understand the cactus idea and the way the mothers husband disappeared in the middle of the sea after following a flashing light , they left both pretty unexplained , or perhaps i missed it as my mind could n't understand what i was actually seeing . I appreciate the way it was supposed to be ; shocking and a few scenes ( the strange cannibalism and own mother kissing?)certainly were , i just think they went a little bit far and not even in a horrifying way , they made it to unconvincing which made it more believable to be a comedy rather than a horror in my opinion . However it is a very entertaining film and got a lot of laughs out of me and a couple of friends , but sadly we were expecting horror not comedy so its worth a watch for the entertainment value , but do n't be expecting a dark , deeply scary and horrifying film ; you 'll just be disappointed . If this was a horror comedy / spoof i 'd probably rate it about a nine , the climax being the weird scene when the husband climbed inside his wife 's stomach and closed up her wounds , but as a horror sadly i gave it a one .
0 Hmm , IMDb rating of 7.5 , good comments , bla , bla ... okay , two of my friends and me , we orderd Pizza , sat down and wanted to see something as cool as Ichi or at least something brainless but funny like Versus . But Naked Blood sucked . It 's a complete waste . Okay , the scene with the woman who likes to eat is quite outstanding . But that 's it . Nothing more , nothing less . I wo n't summerize the plot , other people did already , I just wanted to stop the hype . But watch it and rate for yourself . Maybe we can push the rating where it sould be . One more thing that comes to my mind : the soundtrack is even worse than Carpenter ever was - okay , John 's cool ... :) 2/10
0 Like most people , i was drawn to buy this film because of the pictures of the mighty Bolo Yeung plastered all over the box , and the assumption ( from the aforementioned pictures and the title of the film ) that this film is all about the Beast from the East kickin ' ass for 90 minutes.<br /><br />However , to my disappointment , Chinese Hercules is to Bolo Yeung what No Retreat No Surrender was to Jean Claude Van Damme and Fearless Tiger was to ... erm , Bolo Yeung - maximum exposure on video box , minimum actual screen - time ! Oh well ! < br /><br />The storyline is pretty basic stuff , but it was well done - peaceful kung fu fighter ( played by Chen Hui Min ) accidentally kills a man and promises never to fight again . He then runs away to work as a labourer on a pier where he impresses his co - workers with his heavy sack lifting prowess , causing them to suspect him to be a formidable fighter ( do nt quite know how that works but never mind ) . Meanwhile , the corrupt boss of the pier does a deal with gangsters , giving them exclusive use of the pier . As a result , the workers are thrown out on their ear and forced to live on the beach , where they unite against their boss , the gangster boss , and his hulking henchman Bolo Yeung.<br /><br />While the film was quite watchable ( mainly through waiting for the next glimpse of Bolo ) , i had a few problems with it - firstly , the bad dubbing , but of course that s a given in old kung fu films . But also , the film tended to drag between the various fight - scenes . And as for the fight scenes themselves , i found them to be over - long , badly choreographed ( apparently by Jackie Chan ! ) , badly shot and at times performed by people who did n't seem to have any martial arts ability .... in fact , most of the fights in this film were n't ' fights ' at all , just people getting beaten up without offering any resistance!<br /><br />Finally , the hero - played by Chen Hui Min . I 've never seen any other films with this guy in , but at no point was i rooting for him . Not only did he look wimpy and on the verge of tears at all times , but i found his insistence on not fighting infuriating ! I understood his reasoning , but he could have saved a lot of people a lot of pain if he had done earlier what we all knew he was gon na do eventually , and fight ! A bigger mystery was why this entire community of people were pinning their hopes on a guy they 've never even seen fight ! < br /><br />Really , the big saving grace in this film was the presence of Bolo Yeung . Not only is he as huge and brutal as ever , he has some great , funny lines and gives the rest of the cast a master - class on how to fight on film . The guy oozes screen presence and you can easily see how he became a star . The guy scares the life out of me , but i 'm sure i was n't the only person to have watched this film who was rooting for Bolo all through the end fight ! < br /><br />All in all then , a below - average kung - fu film lifted several huge notches due to you - know - who . I 've never met a person who did n't think Bolo Yeung was great . The man 's a legend ! !
0 I do not recommend this movie , because it 's inaccurate and misleading , this story was supposed to be in Algerian Berber territory , this one was shot in the southern Tunisian desert , ( completetly different culture , I know I am from both Tunisia and Algeria ) , the other shocking element was the character of her companion aunt , speaks in the movie with a very eloquent french , university level academic french while the character she plays was supposed to be of a disturbed never left her mountain kind of personage , so living as a Bedouin with that kind of education i that context is impossible , The most disgraceful scene and disrespectful especially for the people of the region is the " femme repudiee " segment which is s pure invention from the writer / director , things like that will never happen in a Algerian Society ever ! ! !
0 Allen goes to the country ( somewhere he hates going in real life ) and has a weekend with his friends - which are the usual successful white middle - class bellyaching types that feature in many of his films.<br /><br />I usually find something to amuse in Woody Allen comedies , but here he really falls totally flat on his face . Even the one - liners seem to have deserted him . The really is no plot ( bar bits and pieces of cod Shakespeare ) - but Allen seems to use the location to allow a semi - mystical air , which just makes the thing even more witless and half - baked.<br /><br />It just does n't work at any level and is just a giant bore . The best thing about this film ( apart from the end credits coming up ) is that the bad reviews seem to get him to wake up and realise that simply throwing together a slapdash script and casting your mates in it does n't make for entertainment .
0 The greatest sin in life is being dull , and this movie is crashingly boring . its funny , its left out of his " a life in film " documentary . He goes from a long piece on " Stardust Memories " and then fast forwards to " Zelig " . This little piece of cubic zirconia just is n't worth the effort .
0 Hooper is Not Funny , Not Fasted paced , Not romantic and Non informative . There is no real drama . You would think that a movie about the world 's greatest stuntman would have some drama , there was an attempt but it did n't seem real . No Character study , no lessons learned , it did not even look like the actors were having any real fun , they were just trying to act like they were having fun . There is no reason to watch unless you like to look at Burt and want get an occasional glimpse of Sally . Prancer the horse was beautiful and did what he was supposed to do . In fact Prancer was the best actor in this movie . Smoky and the Bandit was such a fun movie that I was ready to like Hooper . This movie turned out to be a real disappointment and waste of time
0 " Smokey And The Bandit " was n't exactly Shakespeare , but then nobody wanted it to be . It was lowdown slapstick , but it did have brains . It had a very smart script with definable characters and a fun wrap - up . People came out of the theater smiling . " Hooper " provides none of this . There is no reason to smile . If it 's supposed to be a tribute to the Hollywood Stuntman , it makes them look awfully lazy by providing nothing but badly - choreographed fight scenes and one of the most unconvincing car - jumps I 've ever seen . It all looks phony , badly - filmed almost on purpose . Poor Sally Field ( as the girlfriend who wrings her hands on the sidelines ) is given her weakest role , with not a single funny or smart line ( " If you do that jump , I wo n't be here when you get back " ) . Burt Reynolds keeps looking at the camera and winking , but the joke is on any audience who sits through " Hooper " . * from * * * *
0 This is possibly the worst fencing , sword - fighting , movie ever made . That is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot , characters are so weak that they 've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and , later , supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying , I suppose to maintain audience interest . What a waste of F. Murray Abraham 's talents . You 're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like Zorro , Scaramouche , anything that has Basil Rathbone as the villain . As a fencer myself I recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film , but if it ever happens it 's got to have fresher , better drawn characters and a plot with more depth .
0 I would n't say this is a * bad * movie . Unfortunately for me , I get the feeling that the more you know about fencing , the worse it gets simply due to the fact that it becomes totally unrealistic . I 've been fencing since i was 14 years old , and this movie portrays it very poorly . F. Murray Abraham is good ( and appears to have some fencing background ) , but most of the other actors -- especially the students -- just seem to be lost .
0 Why is it that everyone who has seen this movie feels it is their responsibility to tell us whether or not they are fencers ? That point is completely immaterial to any argument to be made against this total dog of a movie.<br /><br />I think sports movies fall into two categories ; well made movies about the human spirit and competitions , and ` By the Sword'.<br /><br />Honestly this movie never could decide what it wanted to be , a touching drama for trying to be your best in life , an indictment of competitive motivation or a martial arts flick . In the end it did n't do any of those convincingly or completely enough to make me give one ounce of care of any of it.<br /><br />For the record I also am a fencing instructor ( and now I am officially as bad as the rest ) . But putting bad fencing in a movie does n't make it bad automatically . I mean look at Star Wars ( Episodes 4 - 6 , good movies , bad fencing ) . I liked those movies . But when you put bad sports into a bad movie for some reason people think that it is only the purists that think it a lame effort.<br /><br />Don't be fooled by any comments on the smaller issue of fencing . This is just a bad movie . In the end , this movie has nothing for the fencing enthusiast or the movie buff or simply anyone with a pulse and three brain cells.<br /><br />When I see a movie and am forced to think , ` Man , I wish I was watching the Mighty Ducks . ' I know that it is time to bypass the argument with the theater manager to get my money back and see if there is anyone in the lobby that will somehow give me two hours of my life back .
0 Once upon a time in the mid 1990s I used to write for DOCTOR WHO fanzines and the whole of fandom was holding its breathe about the new American produced DOCTOR WHO TVM . As soon as it was announced that the Doctor`s arch enemy the Master was going to be played by Eric Roberts everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed " Who is Eric Roberts ? " . I should point out this was before the IMDB came online when all you had to do was type in a name into this website to their resume , but one helpful soul wrote into a publication I wrote for to explain that Eric Roberts was best known for a role where he starred opposite F Murray Abraham , the film was called BY THE SWORD and was about a fencing school . Actually looking back now Roberts is best known for THE POPE OF GREENWICH VILLAGE and RUNAWAY TRAIN but that didn`t stop the person putting the boot into both Roberts and BY THE SWORD and his mind was made up that this American Master with his southern drawl was going to a debacle . Strangely most fans were furious about Roberts playing the Master but after they saw the DOCTOR WHO TVM a great many fans ( Myself among them ) thought Roberts performance was the best thing about the disappointing American production < br /><br />Yeah I`m digressing but BY THE SWORD was a film that I wanted to see simply because it was the first time I`d heard the name of Eric Roberts but I didn`t get the chance to see it untill this weekend and I was fairly disappointed with it . I know nothing about fencing ( Everyone else on this page seems duty bound to mention if they fence or not . I don`t fence ) so I don`t know how accurate it all is , but as mentioned the film feels somewhat anachronistic even if you saw it on its release in 1991 , the hairstyles seem a few years out of date along with its mixed teenage cast doing a little dance routine that makes you wonder if it wouldn`t have worked a lot better if it`d had been produced by Jerry Bruckheimer in the mid 1980s . You could argue this would have meant the relationship between Max Suba and Alexander Villard being off centre for most of the film but I wasn`t convinced about their love / hate relationship and Abraham and Roberts have given much better performances before and since BY THE SWORD
0 Yikes , it was definitely one of those sleepless nights where I surfed the channels and bumped into this stinker of a movie . For some of the names in the cast , I 'd expect a much better movie . I 'm almost embarrassed to see Oscar Winner F. Murray Abraham being reduced to such a horrible part . I hope the money was worth it . And the students , they talked about fencing like they were talking about survival in a war or through a horrible disaster . I mean , I 've fenced , it 's a fun sport , but I 've never been that intense . The only reason I even watched this entire movie was because the remote fell under the sofa and I was too lazy to get it back .
0 This is a bad , bad movie . I 'm an actual fencer : trust me when I say that this film 's pretension of accuracy is just that . This is especially true during that vile little scene when the fencers are combining footwork with 80 's pop . The ending is predictable , and the movie is a bore from start to finish . Horrible .
0 A strange mix of traditional-80s , smartassy , Chevy Chase - type , " every - ten - lines - you - get - a - funny - one " farce and sickie black comedy . Mildly amusing in spots , but utterly tasteless . There is a skiing sequence that includes the fakest - looking back - projections since " On Her Majesty 's Secret Service " . ( * * )
0 Portly nice guy falls for a luscious blonde ; she likes him too , but not for the reasons you might think . Little - seen black comedy from writer Pat Proft features very good performances by Joe Alaskey and Donna Dixon , yet it makes no lasting impact . It 's just a quickie throwaway effort , helmed by Norman Bates himself , Anthony Perkins . Even on the level of B - comedies , the somewhat - similar " Eating Raoul " is a better bet . There 's definitely an amusing set - up here ; unfortunately , the picture has nowhere to go in its second act . An interesting try , but it misfires.<br /><br / > * * from * * * *
0 So let me start off by saying that I saw this movie as part of a bargain . I was really bored one fine 1997 day and so I biked over to the movie rental store . I asked the clerk what the worst movie he had in stock was . Without hesitation he walked me over to " Lucky Stiff . " He told me that he 'd waive the $ 1 rental fee ( he said it would be wrong to charge more ) if I promised to watch the whole movie . So watch it I did , for free ... <br /><br />This movie is terrible . God - Awful even . I do n't need to go into plot details , read the other reviews . The jokes make no sense . The acting was terrible . I know it was supposed to be a comedy , but the stupidity of the main character was exhausting . You might try to watch it as something to laugh at , but it 's so bad that it is n't even funny in that way . Avoid !
0 When many people say it 's the " worst movie I 've ever seen " , they tend to say that about virtually any movie they did n't like . However , of the nearly 700 movies I can remember ever seeing this one is one of two that I walked away from feeling personally insulted and angry . This is my first movie review , by the way , and I registered with IMDb just to rave at this movie 's badness . I went to see it when it was in the theaters ( myself and my two buddies were 3 of 5 people there ) , and after 15 years I ca n't remember very many specifics , but my attitude upon leaving the theater is still crystal clear.<br /><br />---Spoiler alert---<br /><br />Oh my , where to begin . Fat loser left at altar , goes on ski weekend , meets blonde bombshell who takes an interest in him , takes him home to meet the family , they 're all cannibals and he 's the main course , pathetic attempt at a dramatic escape , kicks all their butts and runs off with the brother 's girlfriend , they live happily ever after . Puke . Firstly , the gags are so bad that it took me a while to understand that they were trying to be FUNNY , and that this was a COMEDY . The special effects , what few there are , look like they were done 15 years earlier . The big dramatic ending was so hokey and poorly acted that it was nearly unbearable to watch ( he knocks out the entire cannibal family with rakes laying in the lawn , that stand up Tom and Jerry style when they step on them ) . I 'm sure that there 's much , much more , but I have no intention on seeing it again for a refresher .
0 ... and in * no way * as clean , logical , and understandable as in pictured in that pathetic sum of tired Hollywood cliches.<br /><br />I'm 27 , and I 've spent 16 years of my life struggling through delusional phobia and paranoid hallucinations . Like the main character in the film , I was successful mainly because of logic : because I kept thinking over and over to keep delusion away from reality , and to know what was really going on and what was n't . In the end , I was really successful because of medication , by the way , but I certainly escaped madness because I knew before I took medication the difference between what was real and what wasn't.<br /><br />So , I feel entitled to tell you that this movie is a total fraud . Not only does it cheat with the main character 's story ( who was n't faithful to his wife , who was bisexual - something really important here ) , but mostly , it shows a comforting , tamed view of schizophrenia - which is entirely missing the point.<br /><br />Schizophrenia is a mind structure , not a disease . A schizophrenic * is n't * a " normal man with a disease " , it 's someone who from early on views and feels things differently from most people : for him , things like time , space , and people 's personalities are n't solid things . He feels it can be bent , it can change , it can mutate , and maybe even disappear . To cope with this , a schizophrenic has a rich , very imaginative inner world which " normal " people do n't expect - but he 's trapped in it because he ca n't relate with most people , and his world gets poorer and poorer until he finishes in a blank , delusive dead end.<br /><br />This is very different to what 's depicted in this ridiculous " cure " , tear - jerking movie . It should be violently frightening . People other than the main character should appear strange , weird and absurd , like in Lynch 's " Eraserhead " , for example . There should be * really * impressive , weird , gross hallucinations , because that 's what schizophrenia is all about . It 's not about * details*.<br /><br />I mean , watch " Naked Lunch " , " Lost Highway " , read P.K. Dick 's " Martian Time - Split " or " Ubik " , DO watch " The Cell " , " Perfect Blue " , " Dark City " , or play " American McGee 's Alice " on PC , and you may have a vague idea of what it 's like . Do n't watch the " feel good " movie of the month , with banal situations , cleaned characters and visuals , and stupid plot tricks . " The Cell " is the most accurate movie about a schizophrenic 's mind , his visions and his inner consistency - it 's violent , weird , confusing , and very , very scary.<br /><br />Once again , Schizophrenia is n't about details , it 's not a neat , tame trick played to you . It jumps in your face and wo n't let you go : walls fall apart , people turn into strange hostile creatures , you feel like you go backward in time , you 're not sure you 're who you think you are , everything feels ... strange , unnatural . Believe me , this is much much more than what 's depicted in this soap - like melodrama
0 I saw this movie with the intention of not liking it . I sure did n't . It 's one of those movies that seems to have been made exclusively for the Oscars : music throughout the film in almost every single frame , almost no profanity , set in a time long gone , sepia - toned imagery , pretentious title , NO SEX , and a genius that explains everything he thinks and concludes in sfx / cgi so that we ( the stupid audience ) get it . One thing that amused me though is the fact that they spelled the NOBEL PRICE WRONG ! Instead they call the Nobel - price ( named after an actual person called Alfred Nobel ) ' the noble - price ' .. Jesus ! How can one make such a mistake in such a big production , supposedly based on a true story . What a sham ! What were you and the others thinking RON ?
0 I will spend a few days dedicated to Ron Howard before I swear off his work entirely . Having , unfortunately , dealt with Lucas at such a young age , Howard is now caught up in so many of Lucas ' traits . How else do you explain his rampage of disasters ? His only useful film , of course , has been ' Willow ' . Everything else , including this , is too reliant on superficial junk.<br /><br />Some spoilers.<br /><br />He ca n't even have semi - intelligent focus like Peter Weir . No , poor Howard so stuck on his Spielbergian knockoff qualities that he will be quickly forgotten . < br /><br />Here we have the old adage : " love conquers all , even disease . " Too bad for Howard that Lynch already got through the whole subtext with more skill . Heck , even Disney did better than this . Ron even goofs up on the possibilities presented by imagined realities.<br /><br />Howard 's commentary track is just awful . Do n't even rent the DVD.<br /><br />Final Analysis = = Cinematic Dud
0 First off , the movie was not true to facts at all . I just saw the documentary a few days earlier and the movie was n't anything like it . First of all Nash was a genius at mathematics and this is what the movie should have been about not a story about a man who was cured and who found love at the end and so on . Also there are a lot of scenes that were just plain wrong - the scene where he rode around with a bike at the campus happened in his early university years not after it . In my opinion Russell Crowe did n't fit to this part at all since he does n't look the intelligent / individualist type , therefore he really could n't play one . It would have been great if it would have focused more on the mathematics ( similar to Pi ) and not the over - dramatized lovelife . At this level ABM was too hollywood - ish and too superficial to be great . Personally I think he was n't mad nor paranoid and he was onto something since people of that caliber tend to know more than we " lesser mortals " . 5/10
0 I really do n't get all the adulation that this film has received . It 's mawkish , unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie Nash 's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places . That , I suppose , in the context of a commercial Hollywood film is just about tolerable , but what 's with all the praise for Russell Crowe 's performance ? The man just seems to shuffle about , clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting ? Anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that Crowe 's performance is little short of caricature . It is also rather offensive . And , dare I say , just on the right side of being truly terrible
0 How this movie escaped the wrath of MST3 K I 'll never know . " Gymkata " is a ridiculous action movie , filled ( or is that empty ? ) with paper - thin plots , dumb characters , and preposterous situations . But take it from me , if you enjoy watching poor , yet goofy , movies , you will enjoy " Gymkata " a great deal.<br /><br />The action centers around a gymnast who is chosen by government agents ( at least I think they were government agents ) to become a spy . You see his dad was another quasi - government agent , who has gone missing competing in this game , called , eloquently , " The Game . " So the gymnast ( played blandly by Kurt Thomas ) trains to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost dad.<br /><br />Sounds promising does n't it ? Okay , so it does n't but still , that bare bones plot sypnopsis does n't begin to describe the joys of this movie . They can be found in the movie 's strange details . Like the gymnast 's mysterious Asian girlfriend , who does n't speak for the first half hour of the movie , then all of a sudden begins to talk , and does n't shut up for the rest of the time ! Or the really tough shirtless bad guy who likes to make and break " The Game " 's non - existent rules whenever he so pleases . And of course there 's our hero 's delightful romp through the " Village of The Crazies " ( Evidently that 's the place 's real name ! ) . Nice place to visit , but I would n't want to live there.<br /><br />But where this movie really shines is the action scenes . Since our protagonist is a gymnast , the director thought it wise to stick gymnastic equipment into the back alleys and town squares of Middle Eastern cities , so that our Gymkata master would be better able to use his gymnast skills to fight the scourge of evil on parallel bars and pummel horses . It has to be seen to be believed.<br /><br />One interesting thing of note . A lot , I 'd say about half the cast , dies from being shot with an arrow . Interesting because the arrows are the only believable effects or action in the entire movie . If these were indeed effects , my one major note of compliment to whoever devised these very realistic arrows wounds . More likely , this was the film 's way of not paying extras . Nevertheless , " Gymkata " deserves a look if you can see it without paying and are looking for some silliness that is an easy target for riffing.<br /><br / >
0 Although I had seen " Gymkata " in a theater way back in ' 85 , I could n't remember anything of the plot except for vague images of Kurt Thomas running and fighting against a backdrop of stone walls and disappointment regarding the ending.<br /><br />After reading some of the other reviews I picked up a copy of the newly released DVD to once again enter the world of Gymkata.<br /><br />It turns out this is one of those films produced during the ' 80s that would go directly to video today . The film stars champion gymnast Kurt Thomas as Jonathan Cabot , recruited out of the blue to infiltrate the nation of " Parmistan " to enter and hopefully win " The Game , " a suicidal bloodsport sponsored by the Khan who encourages his people by yelling what sounds like " Yak Power . " The goal of the mission involves the Star Wars defense system . Jonathan is trained in the martial arts by Princess Rubali , who never speaks or leaves the house . Once trained tries to blend in with the locals by wearing a bright red sweater with dashes of blue and white . Needless to say Cabot finds himself running and fighting for his life along the stone streets of Parmistan , on his way to a date with destiny , and the Game.<br /><br />Star , Kurt Thomas was ill served by director Robert Clouse , who it looks like was never on the set . The so called script is just this side of incompetent . See other reviews for the many howlers throughout . The town of crazies has a few good moments , but is ultimately ruined by bad editing . The ending ... meh . Still there 's the germ of a good action adventure here . A Hong Kong version with more visceral action and faster pace might even be pretty good .
0 Ironically , although he can do the " splits " , Thomas is a complete stiff as an actor . < br /><br />This film is seared into my memory as one of the most side - splittingly cheesy and incompetent movies I have ever seen . As such , I 'm actually rather fond of it . < br /><br />Still , the only reason this gets more than one star is that Thomas is great shape , and it 's fun to see his tiny , muscular body performing various feats of gymnastic skill on the oddly shaped rocks and poles scattered about the East European country side ( including the infamous " pommel horse " shaped well cap in the middle of a village square that Thomas uses to plant his feet in the faces of various insane villagers ) . But let the poor guy open his mouth and try to emote , and any illusion that he might have a film career is immediately dashed to bits . < br /><br />Thomas at least had the excuse that he was n't really an actor . Everyone else in the film - actors , director , editor , camera guys , etc . is at least as bad , or even worse , and most of them are professionals . So Kurt does n't come off quite as badly as you might think . < br /><br />I hope poor Kurt took the money and ran . If anyone ever asks him to perform in a martial arts film again , I 'll bet that Thomas kicks the guy in the face .
0 One : Richard Pryor and Jackie Gleason , two great comics turned into saps for a bratty kid . They 've both sold themselves out in this one , worse than Pryor 's character . Two : Horrible , overly sentimental script that could have been used in a Harold Lloyd movie its so cliched . Three : Choice of a black actor as the toy ; the racial subtext of this is unbearable , as its never addressed . There 's no message here , Pryor 's part could have been played by any comedic actor . Four : That kid ... I wish I could go back in time and prevent him from ever acting ... that would mean movies like this one and Kid Co. might not have been made ... and my childhood would have been free of their mind - warping power . So if you want to watch a couple of great comics defile themselves in a sickly sweet kiddie flick , go ahead . If you want to see them in something good , see Pryor 's old standup act and Gleason in something better , like the Honeymooners .
0 Richard Pryor 's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow . In his stand up , he jokes about it getting great laughs . It seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose . The Toy is about the lamest he ever chose , aside from I guess Another You.<br /><br />A movie where a white man buys his son a black man ? Nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing . It 's seeing Richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end . I wanted to see Pryor get even with this brat , instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum ! At least Gleason had his moments . Ignore this and watch Pryor with Gene Wilder or any of his ' 70s stuff . This is a waste of any movie watcher 's time !
0 That 's a problem I have with movies that come on television , when there is nothing else to watch . I somehow get sucked into really bad movies.<br /><br />But this one was fairly watchable . The concept of being the only ones left on Earth after a comet , then finding out zombies are around makes me laugh . And that 's why I gave this movie a 2 , instead of 1 . The story was stupid ... but in that way that makes you laugh ( too stupid > funny).<br /><br />I think I only watched it because the guy from Star Trek was the lead . I was surprised to see him as a younger guy ... and he was the only funny character anyway .
0 This was the only time I ever walked out on a movie . Years later , I saw it in the cable listings and thought , " Maybe I should give it another try . " Suffice to say that I was right the first time . This ranks second only to Godzilla 1998 as the worst movie I 've ever seen .
0 Night of the Comet starts as the world prepares for a once in a lifetime event , the passing of a 65 million plus year old comet . Instead of watching the light show Regina Belmont ( Catherine Mary Stewart ) decides to spend the night with cinema projectionist Larry Dupree ( Michael Bowen ) in his booth ... They awake the next morning & as Larry attempts to leave the cinema he is attacked & killed by a zombie , the same zombie attacks Regina but she manages to escape where upon she discovers that almost everyone on the entire planet has been turned into red dust . Almost everyone because by some amazing coincidence the only other person to survive happens to be her sister Samantha ( Kelli Maroney ) , they desperately search for more survivors & meet up with a long distance trucker named Hector Gomez ( Robert Beltran ) . Meanwhile an evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from turning into dust & they 're on the look out for unwilling donors ... <br /><br />Written & directed by Thom Eberhardt I found Night of the Comet a pretty rubbish viewing experience , I 'm surprised at the amount of positive comments on IMDb about it because I just thought it was boring crap that never lived up to it 's potential . The script starts off 100 miles an hour with the obliteration of the entire population of Earth & a zombie attack but then it goes absolutely nowhere & then eventually introduces the sinister blood stealing scientists towards the end of the film because by that time the slim story has run it 's course . There are plot holes too , if these scientists want blood why shoot the three or four gang members & save the two sisters when the guys would have provided more blood for their experiments , killing them just seemed a totally bizarre & an almost suicidal thing to do considering they need blood to develop a cure , it just does n't make sense I mean if your going to die & you need to experiment on human blood would rather have five or six donors providing blood or just two ? I 'm not having the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other , I mean what are the odds on that ? When Hector confronts the female scientist for the first time she never mentions Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took Regina before she committed suicide so how did Hector know these things ? I also thought after the first twenty odd minutes the film slows down to a snails pace & became incredibly boring & dull to watch , after hearing so many good things about it Night of the Comet comes across to me as nothing more than an overrated boring piece of crap.<br /><br />Director Eberhardt does a really good job , I liked the look of the film with it 's red tinted sky & he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation . Unfortunately there are far too many shots of empty streets , there are constant montage 's of empty streets , deserted roads & abandoned buildings & it gets extremely repetitive & dull . OK we get it there 's no one else about so there 's no need to keep ramming it down our throats by constantly showing roads without cars on them . The zombies are totally wasted , there are two zombie attacks in the entire film & that 's two individual zombies as well although there are a couple of effective nightmare scenes . Night of the Comet pays homage , or rips - off whichever you prefer , several other much better films including the obligatory end of the world shopping spree in a mall lifted from Dawn of the Dead ( 1978 ) . Forget about any blood or gore as there is n't any.<br /><br />Technically Night of the Comet is pretty good , the special effects are decent enough & the production crew were obviously very good at closing streets off . The acting was alright expect for Maroney as Samantha the air - head blonde who became highly irritating.<br /><br />Night of the Comet was a big disappointment for me , I had hoped for so much more . Persoanlly I found this film dull , boring , uneventful & the puke inducing sequence where the sisters go shopping to the tune of ' Girls Just Wanna Have Fun ' is probably the worst moment in the film . Really bad & I just do n't get why so many people like this , I 'm sure I 'll get slaughtered for saying it so let the abuse begin I can take it ...
0 This movie was bad . This movie was horrible . The acting was bad . The setting was unrealistic . The story was absurd : A comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night . Most of the world 's population decided to watch this comet . Then , the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet 's radiation . People 's clothes are still intact , there are plants which are still alive , but the people were turned to dust . No bones , nothing . That s ridiculous . How can radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?<br /><br />Even better , the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters . Their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child . The Insane Clown Posse scare me more ... and they 're supposed to look stupid.<br /><br />Then there were the survivors . People who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie - dom and death . How can steel block a comet 's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?<br /><br />Equally insulting is the 60 's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie , or the 80 's hair rock which serves no purpose in the film and makes you want to shoot your television.<br /><br />The stupidest part of the movie , however , are the characters it focuses on : two Valley Girls and Chakotay from Star Trek : Voyager . These three characters were totally unrealistic . Who would go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere ? There were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie , and most of them were dreams . In between these scenes is unsophisticated dialog which makes South Park seem intelligent . The silence in between the elementary dialog was painful . I could have made a better movie with four monkeys and a bag of Cheetos . Do n't see this movie , ever .
0 I will admit that I did not give this movie much of a chance . I decided pretty early on that this just was n't my kind of movie.<br /><br />For the most part , it has an excellent look in terms of its cinematography . The scenes of early 70 's Manhattan look very good , as does the lead actress . It is a very crisp black and white , which could almost make the movie feel undated and fresh . However , some of the other techniques the filmmakers employ shoot that prospect all to hell . The disjointed editing is VERY late-60 's , somewhere between surrealism and new wave . The story also feels like it came from a very specific time , somewhere between free love idealism and artsy experimentation.<br /><br />The film follows a young girl around the city as she looks for a man who she had anonymous phone sex with . As she meets other odd characters , she reveals her quirks and they reveal theirs . The movie seems to be meant as an off - the - wall , irreverent comedy , but adds an avant - garde feel . I would expect that if you like Andy Warhol movies , you would be very excited to discover The Telephone Book.<br /><br />Some problems I had : Near the end of the movie , one character tells a rambling anecdote that lasts over twelve minutes-brutal to sit through . Also , there is a very explicit animation sequence that I found gross and juvenile that serves as the film 's climax . I did laugh out loud four or five times , and I liked the ending ( minus the flat - out disgusting animation ) . And when the film switched to color for the final phone - booth - at - night sequence , I actually liked the way it looked even better . It ended up being one of those experiences where I felt like I could have really liked it if it been a little different . But this is what the filmmakers gave us . It is obscure , artsy , and way left of the dial , but none of those are reasons to recommend it on their own . I did n't find it to be unique or creative so much as forced and pretentious .
0 Fans of goremeister Herschell Gordon Lewis should look elsewhere if they are picking up this film for his usual buckets of blood being sloshed about , for there is precious little in the way of bloodletting in this film . Instead , Lewis decides to try and tell the bizarre story , relying on bargain - basement special effects on a budget which could have probably been doubled if the cast had turned out their pockets for change one day . Oddly enough , while cheap and very poorly acted ( especially by McCabe as Mitchell ) , the total outlandishness of the plot keeps attention throughout . Imagine what this film could have been like with a decent budget ! Overall , it strains for champagne tastes on a beer budget .
0 hg is normally exploitive , and it 's never really bothered me before -- i loved " bloodfeast 2 " , but i really do n't like pseudo sciences or playing on heuristics . the whole movie is based on a man with esp caused by an electrical accident and a witch . i 'm not opposed to witches , and i liked " carrie " ( the novel and the movie ) but this one bothered me . i think it 's because of the main character developing esp from an electric line . also the university professor wasting his time studying esp cases . i was n't alive in the 60s to know first hand whether or not esp was a common fallacy then , but i assume that any theory of such nature would simply be discredited . what really bothered me was the way the police were describing schizophrenics as ruthless , unpredictable villains who can seem like normal people 99 % of the time and then just snap . nothing could be further from the truth . i detest such concepts because they add to public idiocy . many people still think that schizophrenia is dissociative identity disorder . whoever wrote this script did n't know much about psychology.<br /><br />there were some decent concepts to the movie . i liked the way the witch used men ; it was a nice change . i liked how she could make herself attractive , but did n't when she was around her forced lovers . i found it interesting how her second lover also burned his face . had the script been touched up for a few weeks before production and not focused solely on making its audience dumber , this may have been a decent movie .
0 I have seen about a thousand horror films . ( my favorite type ) This film is among the worst . For me , an idea drives a movie . So , even a poorly acted , cheaply made movie can be good . Something Weird is definitely cheaply made . However , it has little to say . I still do n't understand what the karate scene in the beginning has to do with the film . Something Weird has little to offer . Save yourself the pain !
0 I waited almost 25 years to see this movie , thinking it might be an underrated work , from a period animation was no longer of the quality it had once been . It starred one of the best film villains of all time , was based on a beloved series of children 's books , and was a Disney Studios production . What could possibly be wrong with it ? As it turns outs , almost everything.<br /><br />Well , not everything . Vincent Price as Rattigan and Henry Mancini 's swanky score are the movie 's two saving graces . Price is wickedly enjoyable , and Mancini more professional than the material deserves . They bring class to a project that otherwise belongs in obscurity . < br /><br />Meanwhile the rest of the movie , while filled with inappropriately adult situations , still suffers from a completely dull script , blandly generic voice work , terrible songs , and lazy animation that would n't have been out of place on any of Disney 's mid-1980s Saturday morning TV shows.<br /><br />This was a complete disappointment to me . It 's amazing that this movie was nearly contemporary with The Secret of NIMH . Costing a fraction of this , an independent studio produced something with more creativity in its trailer than GMD has in its endless running time.<br /><br />The extra star that keeps this from being " awful " goes to Price and Mancini .
0 The Brothers Quay are directors , judging by conventional thought , should have stuck to making short films . I myself actually really liked their first feature , Institute Benjamenta , but judging by their sophomore effort , The Piano Tuner of Earthquakes , I 'm willing to agree they do n't come close to equaling their past genius at feature length . Piano Tuner is , without a doubt , a gorgeous film to look at , and often to listen to . Unfortunately , it 's borderline painful to sit through with its convoluted narrative and glacial pace . Reading the plot synopsis , it sounds like a pretty good story . But the Brothers fail miserably to bring it to life . One thing they should consider avoiding completely in the future : dialogue . My God , it 's awful here . A huge bust .
0 When I first picked this film up I was intrigued at the basic idea and eager to see what would happen . I 'm a fan of animation and love it when it 's successfully merged with live action footage . However , the animation in this film was about all I enjoyed . Although it must be said that the actors ' performances were excellent . The visual look - including the animation - gave a wonderfully unnerving air to the piece . However this was quality of unease was lost amongst the overblown imagery , both visual and in the script , that you were practically hammered over the head with . Most annoying about this was the relative lack of importance to the plot . It seemed that the plot was shoe horned in at irregular intervals giving a stuttering effect that detracted massively from the flow of the piece . The voice overs from Felisberto - especially the one at the end - very much felt like a desperate attempt to fill in gaping holes in the plot which had been ignored in favour of side issues such as the whole ant thing ( and even that was n't properly addressed ) . I 'm afraid the whole piece came across as , at best , a ' reasonable first attempt ' , by a teenager who has spent far too much time reading DH Lawrence . Not what you expect from seasoned film makers at all .
0 I really wanted to like this movie , but it was just imposable . The acting was ultra hammy , the plot was annoying , and the pace was SLOW , sooo slowwwwww . The whole time sitting in the theater i wanted the movie to end . Twenty minuets into a films and I 'm praying for an ending . Sure some of the visuals were nice , but c'mon guys , I mean really ! And for a movie about a guy tuning magical instruments there really was n't much music to speak of . The music there was was annoying , and boring . There were sound loud shrill sounds at times too , those were also annoying . Mainly this film managed to bore me , and creep me out at the same time.<br /><br />I'm glad its over . I need to go see " Tideland " and wash this bad taste out of my mouth .
0 Gayniggers from Outer Space is pretty much summed up by its name . Running only 27 minutes long , it describes a spaceship of gay blacks that come to Earth to free the men from women . While I see a little significance to the plot , it also is really illogical . Granted , its meant to be a comedy / spoof on society and science fiction . I found myself laughing several times , so it succeeds there.<br /><br />The special effects are horrible . When the spaceship is floating above the Earth , you can see stars zoom by for no apparent reason . The asteroids shown in the beginning look fake , the equipment on the ship is illogical , there are several misspellings in the text , the actors are unconvincing , the characters are messed up ; in general , the whole thing does n't take itself seriously . If you get past all the aspects that make it a bad movie , its very accessible and easy to see through to the end . Some parts are hilarious . But overall , the only thing that you are left remembering is that it was one of the most ridiculous concepts ever.<br /><br />Seeing that its a short film and has some funny aspects , its not the worst thing to see . But its illogical and holds little long - term value . I ca n't really recommend it ; if you do watch it , do so for the unique concept , not the quality .
0 I was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies . In their long list of films was this film and I thought I must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise . But , no , that 's really what it was . And since the film was only about 27 minutes long , I decided to give it a try . If it had turned out to be some porno movie , I would have stopped watching . Instead , it turned out to be the most bizarre film I have ever seen . The Danish production crew tried , with a budget of about $ 49 , to make a Star Trek - style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women -- like they proceeded to do on the Earth ! And in every case , they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.<br /><br />Subtle , this ai n't . With some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters I 've ever heard , I do n't even think I can write them on IMDb without having my review removed ! However , despite the utter crappiness of it all , it was strangely watchable and worth a peek . But , as I mentioned already , due to the crude names and odd subject matter ( though no nudity ) , it 's a film for adults only . < br /><br />By the way , this movie left me with 1001 questions as to WHO would make this , WHY make it and WHO was the intended audience ? ! It may not be the absolute worst thing I have ever seen , but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive !
0 Gayniggers from Outer Space is a short foreign film about black , gay aliens who explore the galaxy until they stumble upon Earth . Being gay , their goal is to have a male - only universe in which all people are gay . Hence , when they discover women or " female creatures " live on Earth , they are at first terrified ; eventually they decide to eliminate all women on the planet and liberate the male population.<br /><br />An offensive title with a racist , homophobic and sexist storyline , albeit probably intended as a satire , give this film some shock value . However , there 's little substance underneath . As another reviewer pointed out , there are few jokes besides the characters ' names ( eg . ArmInAss ) ; I think I laughed once at one small gay joke . I think I got the point of the film quickly , a satire of bad science fiction , but after that I had had enough ; I kept wanting the film to end already ( and it is a short film ! ) . Not brilliant or particularly well - written .
0 It 's hard to know what was going through Per Kristensen and Morten Lindberg 's heads when they wrote " Gayniggers from Outer Space " - the movie is billed as a comedy , yet there are no real jokes beside the crude character names ( Capt . B. Dick , Sgt . Shaved Balls ) . The rest of the movie is a ( presumably ) unintentionally funny affair with ridiculously unsynchronised voice - overs ( with the ' actors ' basically reading their lines with no hint of feeling ) , ' futuristic ' computer displays filled with spelling mistakes , and a plot that makes almost no sense.<br /><br />Even though 65 % of viewers have given this movie a perfect 10 out of 10 , this is the complete opposite of what a good film is . It may be ENTERTAINING to watch with some friends , but this film only deserves about a ' 2 ' out of ten ... slightly higher than the lower possible rating only because of the sheer fact that the writers somehow managed to get some black guys to star in this movie .
0 This film is about a group of extra terrestrial gay black men exterminating females on Earth , in order to create a gay Universe.<br /><br />I watched it with the intent of seeing how bad it was . Still , I was shocked at how bad it was . It looked more like a film made 50 years ago . The acting , if any , is ultra bad . The sets and props are so ridiculously fake , making any college film look mega budget . And the special effects are laughably simple , indeed jaw dropping as others have commented , but jaw droppingly embarrassing.<br /><br />One has to be severely intoxicated , or in an altered state of consciousness in order to appreciate this film . If I was from Denmark , I would be severely embarrassed and humiliated that my countrymen produced such a horrifyingly bad film .
0 Well , what can i say about this movie . I 'm speechless . I could go on about how stupid this movie is forever though the one thing that REALLY pi*sed me off was the music . And to top it all off someone commented on how much they LIKED it . To them all I have to say is that it was ripped off from one of the best martial arts movies of all time Fistsof fury starring Bruce Lee . IF he was still alive and ever came across this movie he 'd be horrified . the rest of the movie is absolutely ridiculous and a waste of tape . I say tape because a movie like that could n't possibly have been shot on film . I now feel more stupid for wasting 30 minutes of my life watching it . The only reason why i even saw it was because my roommate downloaded it out of morbid curiosity . What is this world coming to .
0 With a movie called " Gayniggers from Outer Space " how could you go wrong ? Just throw in some over the top stereotypes for the characters , use the Village People as the main suppliers for the soundtrack , and throw in tons of gay - gags . Plot is unimportant . Too bad , this film does n't contain any of this and every joke misses the spot . The characters all look alike apart from the german gaynigger , one or two jokes work , the rest fails.<br /><br />The title made me laugh and I was prepared to laugh even more about the film . My expectation were to high apparently .
0 This movie was amusing at times , hell sometimes it was even downright funny.<br /><br />The underlying message I got from the film though , was that women are responsible for all of the troubles of man . Every time a woman is depicted in the film , she is being lazy , being slutty or lambasting some poor guy for no apparent reason . I do n't think the message involved is good for women or gay men.<br /><br />But , it is a comedy , and a piece of art , so it is simply someones point of view . Even if I do n't agree with it , they are still entitled to it.<br /><br />An amusing film , but some of the comments others have made are just plain stupid . Best film ever my foot .
0 This is easily the most disappointing , least gratifying movie of the entire so - called blacksploitation genre , which , by the way , are films we generally enjoy a great deal in our home . Rather than being " exploitation " or demeaning , these films actually provide a priceless insight into an era . Well , not Bucktown.<br /><br />In this story , Duke returns to Bucktown to operate the night club left to him by his recently deceased brother . He quickly learns that the city is entirely controlled by a corrupt police force , bleeding protection money out of all the local businesses . Duke resists , and determines that he will rescue the city from the corrupt police . Unfortunately , he does so by calling in a posse of his friends ( these people are vaguely explained as some former black - militants who have worked with Duke on " jobs " in the past ) and they simply murder the entire police department in cold blood . And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it . Ignorance is not a justification for murder , and it would have been much more entertaining to see the Cracker Police suffer for their actions as opposed to merely getting whacked in the street . While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in films of this genre , it is a far cry from seeing Pam Grier track down the thugs who off'ed her family , cuss them out , give them a jujitsu ass - kickin ' and set their ' fro on fire . That has art ( and a reason for existing ) and merits a level of respect that is quite undeserved by simply shooting someone in the back . Of course , in this bizarre tale , she is playing a woman completely under The Man 's thumb , afraid of the Crackers who run her town and oppress her people . Indeed , her advice to Duke is , " Run , man , they gon na kill you!" < br /><br />Following the sickening and gratuitous violence , we are expected to believe that the town 's mayor wholeheartedly condones the actions of Duke and his friends , congratulating them and offering to throw a parade in their honor , as opposed to , say , calling the district attorney to press capital murder charges against them and have them taken into custody . Duke 's posse declines the parade and instead opts to fill the numerous vacancies on the police force created by their recent killing spree . They immediately prove to be even more corrupt than their Cracker Police predecessors ( to quote the mayor , " They are ten times worse than what we had before ! " ) . Now Duke finds he must again rescue the citizens of Bucktown from corrupt , protection - racket law enforcement officials and again make it safe for decent folk to operate a prostitution business in the streets . Unfortunately , Duke has already lost all moral high ground and sympathy due a hero , as he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force . I would n't have cared one way or the other if he had rescued Bucktown or gotten plugged himself at this point . I suppose we are to be entertained by the clever way Duke has to outsmart the new Police Goons , but in reality the film has now just become an opera of gratuitous violence , Duke murders all of his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same absence of compassion he had when gunning down the Cracker Police . Duke is a pig.<br /><br />Finally , when everyone in town but Duke , Aretha , and the employees of the local brothel are dead and bleedin ' in the street , our hero and heroine walk off into the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redeeming values ; they do n't . Duke is merely a murderous thug and Aretha his enabling misogynist accomplice . If you are interested in this genre of film , by all means , I highly recommend them , see Coffy , Foxy Brown , Truck Turner , Blacula , Sheba Baby  but if in the process you should run across this DVD , throw it as far away as you possibly can ! Drop it like it 's hot ! It should be treated as one would treat a glowing puddle of nuclear waste ! There is no single film in the entire Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining , satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of slime , obviously written by and targeted at some hormonally imbalanced high school sophomores .
0 Jennifer Cassi ( Gina Philips from " Dead and Breakfast " ) returns back to the house she grew up in which she recently inherited from her deceased sister , unbeknownst to her grandmother ( Fay Dunaway ) who 's still living in it . Jennifer decides to sell it as she 's in dire need of the money much to Granny 's chagrin . She also begins to have troublesome recurring nightmares of a mysterious raven . There was really no one to relate to in this film . Jennifer seemed cold , distant , unsentimental , and narcissistic , whereas the grandmother seemed spiteful , sad , and also narcissistic . The film is good and well - made , but with no one to empathize with I found it hard to care about what happened to them.<br /><br />My Grade : C-
0 Jennifer 's Shadow is set in Argentina & starts as Jennifer Cassi ( Gina Philips ) arrives there after her sister Johanna dies . Jennifer is left Johanna 's large house in her will , Jennifer decides to sell the house & head back to Los Angeles even though her Grandmother Mary Ellen ( Faye Dunaway ) is opposed to the sale . However strange things begin to happen , Jennifer starts having nightmares about Ravens pecking at her & she starts to feel very ill . After a check up in hospital it seems that one of her kidney 's have mysteriously disappeared , what is happening to Jennifer ? Is it an ancient family curse ? Will Jennifer be the next to succumb to it ... <br /><br />This Argentinian American co - production was co - written & co - directed by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés & is a really dull waste of ninety odd minutes , a tedious & predictable modern ghost story that I would imagine will put more people to sleep sooner than scare them . The script by Vega , Parés & P.J. Pettiette is pretty slow going & tedious which is not what anyone wants , I mean I 'm sure most people do n't want to sit down & be bored out of their skulls . The character 's are all uninteresting & fairly faceless with little or no motivation for anything they do . For instance who is that graveyard caretaker guy ? How did he know about the demons ? What is his interest & motivation for getting involved ? I could n't see it . Jennifer herself is a pretty unlikable & bland leading lady , her Grandmother Mary Allen is as clichéd as they come & it 's surprising that she is so obviously the villain . I mean for this sort of mystery based horror / ghost story it 's surprisingly predictable & routine . There are gaps in both logic & the story which together with the terrible twist ending which is n't much of a twist I did n't like Jennifer 's Shadow one iota.<br /><br />Directors Vega & Parés goes down the much used route of bleaching almost all of the colour from the picture which often renders it not too far from black and white , I suspect that they wanted to give it a period Gothic feel but it 's been done so many times before & often so much better that it did n't do much for me at all & just makes the whole film look dull & lifeless . There 's a definite 40 's period look as well , from the costumes to the interior of the large house but again it 's rather half hearted & cheap looking . Jennifer 's Shadow is well made but it 's rather forgettable , it 's not scary or creepy & it 's rather predictable . If that was n't enough there 's no gore either , there 's a few scenes of Ravens pecking away at people & a beating heart but nothing else.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $ 1,000,000 & retitled to The Chronicles of the Raven for it 's US & international DVD release this is reasonably well made but a million wo n't buy you too much these days & Jennifer 's Shadow pretty much proves that theory . There are too many scenes of actor 's speaking in thick Argentinian accents as well , even though it might be realistic I actually like to be able to understand what people are saying . The acting is alright although Dunaway overacts badly & is obviously there for the money.<br /><br />Jennifer 's Shadow is a rubbishy ghost film that I thought was a total bore from start to finish , I would rather watch The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed - Up Zombies ! ! ? ( 1964 ) again instead . A total waste of time .
0 This movie was a littttle confusing at first . I usually like Gina Phillips , but this one I have to say was a bad choice just like her doing the movie Ring Around the Rosie , that one also not one her good movies . Jeepers Creepers was way better . Anyway , Faye Dunaway was good . She totally creeped me out and at the end , that was crazy . It was about Jennifer Cassi(Phillips ) who comes to her twin sisters funeral . She stays at a house that her sister owns and her grandmother(Dunaway ) lives at with an Aunt named Emma . Mary Ellen(Dunaway ) is kinda sacrificing her relations to stay alive and as long as she wants to live , she ca n't die . Even if Jennifer tries to kill her , which she tries . Ravens have a weird part in it . When the relations go to sleep , the Ravens eat there organs , so they ca n't go to sleep . But they do . Basically it all crazy and Mary Ellen will never die and her relations will be buried , but not dead , b / c they have to suffer forever so Mary Ellen can stay alive . Yeah , I hope this helps . If it does n't , sorry . Love ya .
0 Oh this was a really bad movie . The girl who plays Jennifer is OK , but I think she acts bitchy through the movie , not because she is having her organs ripped out by a raven at night , but because she is thinking of firing her agent for putting her in this piece of crap . Faye Dunaway acts like she is remaking Mommy Dearest and the ending is completely silly . I really ca n't recommend this movie at all even though as a fan of Edgar Allen Poe , I was intrigued a bit by the references to his work(Ravens , House of Usher - like family curse , and being buried alive)-still he would probably turn over in his grave if he knew about this film .
0 Do n't bother . A little prosciutto could go a long way , but all we get is pure ham , particularly from Dunaway . The plot is one of those bumper car episodes ... the vehicle bounces into another and everything changes direction again , until we are merely scratching our heads wondering if there were ever a plot . Gina Phillips is actually good , but it 's hard playing across from a mystified Dunaway playing Lady Macbeth lost in the Marx 's Brother 's Duck Soup . Ah , the Raven ... now there 's an actor . And there is the relative who just lies and bed and looks ghostly . Or Dr. Dread who 's filled with lots of gloom and no working remedies . I 'm one of those suckers who just has to see a movie to the end . Quoth the Raven , " Nevermore . "
0 ... cause they 're both pretty lousy . I think the best part of the movie is the horrendously imperial picture of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs . She looks like she could very easily step out of that picture , rip someone to bloody pieces , and calmly re - enter the portrait looking as if nothing had happened . Now , you know a movie 's in trouble when part of the set furnishings manages to attract your attention.<br /><br />I admit , I paid $ 30 for the DVD just so I could see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie . I know what you 're thinking--30 bucks right down into a gaping black hole . And you would be absolutely correct . This movie sucks . There , it 's right out in the open . I was expecting some actual scares , and I waited and waited and waited . None came . The raven ( probably a crow in makeup ) did n't scare me , seeing small pieces of internal organs did n't scare me , and even Faye did n't scare me . I 'm not that brave , I know , so it must be the movie itself that is the trouble . What 's more , Jennifer was n't scared either . Her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more peeved than anything . Her life was rapidly coming to a close and she 's worried about attaining more money . Honey , you ca n't take money where you 're going ! ! ! " I need money , " she continually says , completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have collapsed and ceased to function.<br /><br />Meanwhile , I spent the whole blasted movie wondering what was up with the grandmother ( Faye ) . I was suspicious at first , Faye playing a grandmother and all , and I was still suspicious at the end . There is another relative living in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen the Grandmother - From - Hell are forced to share temporarily , and I 'm guessing she is of the same generation as said grandmother . Here 's the weird part -- the relative looks like she 's just endured her eight hundredth birthday party . Mary Ellen looks like she 's just gotten a face - lift from a renowned surgeon . Face - lifts ca n't work miracles , but I think Faye 's appearance is important to the rice - paper plot . SPOILER ! ! ! It seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects bad acting ... sorry , my little joke . Seriously though , there 's all illness that causes their organs to fail and ultimately disintegrate . Yuck , huh ? Interestingly enough , Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact . How did she avoid the Family Curse ? Something 's up with her , obviously.<br /><br />Another reason for mourning the loss of my thirty dollars -- this movie features one of my all - time movie pet peeves . I refer to the double ending . This movie ends twice . I absolutely hate it when that happens , and in this movie it feels like the director shot the ending , did n't like it , and forget to remove it during editing . I guess it 's supposed to be scary , but it is only if you 're a film editor.<br /><br />There is one perk to this debacle , though , and it 's one of the reasons I bought the DVD . The " filmmaker " commentary features Faye Dunaway , and I wanted to see how she acted when she did n't have lines to recite . Guess what -- the movie sucked so bad I was n't able to sit through it again . Drat .
0 For some reason , TV Guide gave this two and a half stars , plus Faye Dunaway is in it , so it definitely looked like something to see . My , oh , my , this may be the worst film I 've ever seen . Ever . From its horrid acting ( every time the girl asks the boy what 's wrong with him , I shouted to the TV " I ca n't act ! " When she asks what he needs , I yell " I need acting lessons ! " to the unbelievably bad dialog ( " Give me back my organs!").<br /><br />And the Brian DePalma wannabe ending , too , it was all just beyond awful . I wanted to like it . Dunaway is one of the best actors ever . And the production values were pretty good.<br /><br />But wowzers , this had me laughing , LAUGHING ! , most of the time.<br /><br />Don't even bother out of curiosity , that was my first mistake . Staying with it was definitely my second , and third and fourth .
0 The only reason I rented this was because of the article in Fangoria Magazine . The article made this film look interesting . Well , it is n't . This was a very boring , amateurishly written and directed movie . All the actors in this movie are awful , except Faye Dunaway , who is always a joy to watch . But too much time was focused on Gina Phillips and her ridiculous encounters with ravens and Duilio Marzio . Marzio has such a thick Argentinean accent , you can only understand every couple of words he says . Also on hand is Nicholas Pauls , who plays the ultra - bland love interest to Gina Phillips . The bottom line : this movie is not scary . There is only one good scene and that is the last five to ten minutes of the movie . I would have given this one star , but I gave it three just because I like Faye Dunaway so much . But even she was n't that great in this .
0 This is the last time I rent a video without checking in at the IMDB reviews . The Limey is directed by Steven Soderbergh who also wrote wrote the truly awful Nightwatch with Ewan Macgregor and directed such trash as Out of Sight with the anti - talented Jennifer Lopez . Terence Stamp is a fine actor and it is a shame he involved himself in such a bad film . There is frequent confusing editing that seems like it was a last minute decision in order to make up for the lack or story , filming and just plain common sense . This film does everything wrong . What were they thinking ?
0 This film has the look and feel of a Student film project . Yeah , there are some interesting ( albeit gimmicky ) edits and shots , but the end result was juvenile.<br /><br />The director did n't seem to be saying " Look at this film . " It seemed as if he were saying , " Look at ME ! I 'm a DIRECTOR!" < br /><br />Thumbs down .
0 There was not one single redeeming factor in this movie . The girlfriend and I both love action films . Especially fight scenes ( Bloodsport and Kickboxer was awesome ) , but this movie was not entertaining . Five minutes of action followed twenty minutes of talking and " angry " facial expressions . The main hero is a troubled character who has seen battle and thus is forced to look seriously constipated at all times . The Army has disrupted his bowel movements on top of perfecting his fighting technique . The music is n't good either . They fight to the rap and hip - hop style of the streets , 'cause these guys are thugs . The rest of the soundtrack is the usual background noise to low - budget dramas.<br /><br />Everything about this movie is classic B - style . The actors deliver their lines as if reading them from cue cards and the lines themselves should be set on fire and left burning in some rotten Hollywood alleyway . The film is called " Honor , " but there was no honor in making this film . It was simply a waste of money , and spending wisely is something I consider to be honorable.<br /><br />Go see Felon instead . The fight scenes and situations are more real .
0 Wow , I knew this film was going to be bad but not this bad . Spoilerific comments ensue.<br /><br />Roddy Roddy Piper is sickly sweet retired cop ( cliche ! ) , helping out everyone - smiling like a post - op lobotomy patient through - out and lamenting over his dead son . His adopted son returns from Armed Forces " Special Ops " and because he 's " seen things " - portrayed by clenching his teeth if anyone mentions anything about the past . Time to clean up the streets from another guy who once knew Piper and his dead son ( who the bad lad killed ) and his adopted son.<br /><br />Oh , the love interest is a pretty young lady who decides for no reason that she wants to jump the bones of the ex - Army bloke . This happens in about 2 minutes of 1 scene.<br /><br />The action could have saved this film , but it 's even worse than the storyline and acting . It 's all been done before , it 's all been done much much better ( Ong - Bak is a prime example ) . This is the worst film I 've ever seen - and I 've seen Waterworld , twice.<br /><br />Erm , the film is called HONOR ( Spelt Wrong for the Americans ) and the tag line has " from the makers of Bloodsport and Kickboxer " - check out Director David Worths other films and you 'll soon realise why they put these 2 films on there , even though they are over 10 years old . Such classics as " Shark Attack 3 : Megalodon " - says it all really.<br /><br />I'll give you £ 10 if you do n't go to see this film.<br /><br />PS - Apologise for not know character names , tells you something though .
0 Absolute garbage , worse fight scenes than a 20 year old van damme movie or American ninja etc.<br /><br />Truly dire acting , not a skill in sight in the entire movie its like a cast of wooden sculptures.<br /><br />Watch it just for how truly bad this film is , it may have been acceptable in the 80s but this is a 2006 movie , i do n't have much love for this movie as it was n't born in the 80s.<br /><br />If you like real fight movies then check out tony jaa in ong bak and the protector , those are proper martial arts films.<br /><br />have a laugh and watch this today you may see the unintenional humour at how grim it is .
0 I have not yet seen anyone slate this film and i think i may be the first.<br /><br />It was awful . I actually did n't watch the end of it . It was like watching a boring soap or a really good one ( all soaps are crap ) . The actors were poor and storyline was bad . The person who rated it 10/10 has no idea what he is on about . The script was awful . 2 People was in an angry conversation together involving threats and you expect the good guy to say some thing really good and beat the crap out of him but no . He says " If you do that ... I will hurt you " Hahahahaha . If comedy is your thing , watch away . Please do not watch this film because ... It 's CRAP ! ! ! < br /><br />Summary : Poor acting , bad fights , bad script.<br /><br />Don't watch ! Of course this is in my opinion .
0 I 'm a big fan of Italian films from the seventies , and I would n't hesitate to list the beautiful Barbara Bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time , so I did go into this film with some hopes . However , it soon becomes apparent that this is a largely pointless film that is n't going to go anywhere . Clearly nobody would go into this expecting much more , but the fact that this is pointless gets more annoying when you consider that it 's also rather dull and none of the characters are interesting . As the title suggests , the film focuses on a ' rogue ' ; in this case one that steals , womanises and smuggles stuff . That 's basically all the plot that this movie has . The film does have a real ' seventies style ' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well . It sometimes seems like directors Boro Draskovic and Gregory Simpson were trying to put across some sort of point , although whatever that point is does n't come across very well . Seeing Barbara Bouchet on screen is always a pleasure , and that is the case here too ; she 's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film . Overall , The Rogue will probably have some appeal for people who love the seventies style , but unfortunately it does n't have much else to offer .
0 Wow this movie sucked big time . I heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well . And with all the internet hype on this movie I figured what could go wrong ? However the movie was just plain bad . It was boring and the character development was never there . Space Travelers was also a horrible movie , if you did n't like that movie there is no way you will like this .
0 May I please have my $ 13.00 back ? I would have rather watched " Hydro- Electric Power Comes to North America " . Again . This is a movie with one voice . The same voice , which comes out of every characters mouth regardless of age or gender . To listen to that voice again I would have to charge at least $ 150 an hour . And I do n't take insurance . It was eerie watching Will Ferrell morph into Woody . But I do n't think imaginative casting is enough . One should wait until they have a story before they bother making a movie . Unless he 's just doing it for the money . And if that 's the case why not just reissue an All - Rap version of " What 's up Tiger Lily ? "
0 Woody Allen , when at his best , has one of the sharpest pens around . He can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else . However , when he 's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness . Unfortunately , " Melinda and Melinda " has this stench from opening to closing . The set up is one of his more intriguing ideas in a while . Four friends sit in a restaurant discussing whether the essence of life is comedy or drama . To help settle the argument , one man relates the beginning of a story and asks the two other men arguing ( one a comic playwright , the other a dramatic playwright ) whether the story is a comedy or a tragedy . The two men then continue the story and the movie plays out the stories that they weave . Now , when I first heard about this film , my understanding was that they tell the exact same story , the genre ( comedy or drama ) only changes by how you look at it . Now that would have been interesting . However , the stories only share one main element and a few side elements . They are entirely different stories with major plot differences . The drama is so stiffly scripted and pretentious that it can only really work as self - parody . If this was the point , then it failed because these elements prevent the audience from feeling any emotional investment in any of the characters . The comedy is the story that has moments of success , but they are still short and fleeting . Will Farrell is obviously meant to be the stand - in for Woody , but he could have played this character so much more believably without adding Woody 's stutters and hand - ticks . Woody is the best at being Woody . When someone else tries , they 're not playing a character , they are modeling a recognizable actor . This type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story.<br /><br />My favorite Woody Allen movies make me leave the theater a little bit lighter in spirit than I walked in . This one made me wish I could get my money back .
0 And how many actors can he get to stand in for his own neurotic , compulsive uber - New Yorker persona ? In this film Woody is played by Will Ferrell in what is mercifully less a direct impersonation than the one Kenneth Branagh did in " Celebrity . " It 's an annoyingly repetitive story now : nebbishy , neurotic man with a wife or girlfriend falls madly in love with a shiksa queen upon which he projects all manner of perfection . Everyone lives in perfect gigantic apartments in great Manhattan neighborhoods , everyone constantly patronizes expensive , exclusive restaurants during which all the characters relate fascinating anecdotes and discuss arcane philosophy , there is always a trip to the Hamptons during which the nebbishy main character spazzes out about sand and physical exertion and possible exposure to diseases , and then of course , said main character feels guilty about his lust for the shiksa queen but pursues her anyway , sometimes succeeding , sometimes failing , etc.<br /><br />This a tired formula , and proof that Allen is n't really a great film artist at all . He just seems like a dirty old man with the libido and emotions of a 20-year - old who is intent upon telling the same boring old stories again and again .
0 I am so disappointed . This movie left me feeling jipped out of my time and mental energy . Here was the quintessential Woody Allen film all over again : the neurotic upper - class Manhattanites debating whether or not they will cheat on their spouses . Woody , I 've seen these characters already , I 've seen the storyline from you ten times already . Where did your creativity go ? ? ? You need to open your eyes and look around you . The world has changed dramatically since Annie Hall - and you need to change along with it.<br /><br />There are far more interesting and funny scenarios to which you can apply your brand of angst and neuroticism - why not try them out instead of rehashing the same old slop over and over and over again.<br /><br />When I hear that Woody Allen has a new project coming out , it does nothing for me - because now I 've come to expect his old standby : the couple who are growing tired of each other and end up cheating . Depressing and same old , same old.<br /><br />If Woody wants to win his fans back , then he has to understand that our sense of humor and intelligence has to be stimulated - not insulted .
0 If I accidentally stumbled across this script in textual form i would read it and maybe laugh . I would not , however laugh at the points in the film where the director would seem to want me to laugh . Although I am still not altogether sure where these are . I do n't care if this is Woody Allen , this writer can not write dialogue , or at least he can not knowingly write dialogue then draw performances from actors capable of drawing laughter from even the most ticklish of clowns . For example:<br /><br />(paraphrase ) " I 'm an art historian , i 'm looking to get a job in an art gallery . " < br /><br />OK , so it states the fact but honestly , do you know of any art historians who would say that ? How would you answer ? < br /><br />"Really ? An art gallery ? who would 've thought it?" < br /><br />The entire script is littered with the kind of tawdry quasi - intellectualism that i would not have expected from such a respected character writer . I admit that I have no knowledge of Allen 's other work and , judging by this one i do n't want to start learning . The characters are loathsome without exception , an attempt to illustrate that we all suffer from the human condition ? Or really really poor character writing ? You be the judge .
0 I could n't wait to see this movie . About half way through the movie , I could n't wait for it to end . All of the ( white ) actors were delivering their lines like Woody Allen had just said , " Say it like this ... " Then they said their lines on screen like they were trying to imitate Woody Allen . It was so annoying . We all know how Will Ferrell really talks , and he does n't stumble over his words like Mr. Allen . The comedy portion of this film was just as boring as the tragedy and definitely never funny or even entertaining . I must admit that I have never been a major Woody Allen fan , and this movie definitely has not converted me . I think that his writing was just as bad as his direction . This movie will go down as one of the worst 10 movies I have ever seen .
0 Woody Allen has lost his ability to write dialogue or characters that are clearly distinguishable from each other . This is the case with " Melinda and Melinda , " where all the characters speak with Allen 's generic pseudo - sophistication and have problems and points of view that are not relatable to anyone outside of a four block radius of where Allen lives . They also share the same curious condition of being able to afford multi - million dollar Manhattan apartments that appear to have been designed by professional decorators regardless of their financial situation or what they do for a living.<br /><br />The only character who exists outside of this dull mindset is Will Ferrel as the obligatory Woody Allen surrogate . Although he does not simply come off as merely doing a Woody Allen impression ( like Kenneth Branagh in the god - awful " Celebrity " ) , Ferrel lacks the charm or charisma that the real Woody had when he was playing the part himself in his best movies.<br /><br />The end result is another in a string of self indulgent bores from a once - great filmmaker who has been trading in on his former reputation for years .
0 For a comedic writer , Woody Allen really lets the paying viewer down with this meager attempt at character development . There are a few entertaining moments , but no more than one would have listening to their dryer tumbling tennis balls.<br /><br />Will Ferrell wastes his time in this movie which fails to showcase his usually funny delivery . Amanda Peet did well , but again , did n't have the room to move in this otherwise corpse like movie . The movie is so heavy and dull that it can not be carried but if it were carried , Radha Mitchell did it . < br /><br />If you enjoy movies that go on and on in one scene and do n't really accomplish anything but to show that their writer can write a few lines of snappy dialogue on occasion , then you 'll love this movie .
0 I 've always been a great fan of Woody Allen and always will be for most of what he did in the past , but only a blind lover could ignore how dull , meaningless , pretentious and most of all horrendously acted this movie is . A vacuous mental masturbation based on inconsistent grounds . And what a disastrous idea to artificially recreate a presumed " actor Allen - clone " , that is putting into Will Farrell 's mouth and gestures what Allen would have done in Farrell 's place had he been 30 years younger . The outcome was obviously ludicrous . And not to speak of the dialogues ... what was intended to be philosophical reflections turned into an involuntary mockery of intellectual pondering , unaware of its comic effect . How sad ...
0 Possible spoilers.<br /><br />Although there was some good acting - particularly Chloe Sevigny , and Radha Mitchell in the comedy half - this simply was not an engaging film . The segues between the comedy part and the tragedy part were awkward or sometimes not obvious . This viewer was initially confused by the fact that the supporting cast differs in the two halves ; I thought with the way things were laid out in the opening scene that the people surrounding Melinda would be the same people , just reacting differently ( more of a " He Said , She Said " premise ) . However , what we have is two totally different stories and two totally different women , both of whom happen to be played by Radha Mitchell.<br /><br />The two playwrights in the opening scene - the comedian and the tragedian - supposedly take the same premise and go from there , but the two stories are only tenuously related . They do little to support the topic of discussion , which is that almost anything can be looked at as either comedy or tragedy . Nice cast , but a disappointing film .
0 I 've seen my share of Woody Allen 's movies , and while they 're not always great , you can usually be sure you 're going to be entertained . Probably the last really good ones were Bullets Over Broadway ( ' 94 ) and Mighty Aphrodite ( ' 95 ) - since then the ones I 've seen have been patchy but watchable . And so when I was invited to see the new Woody Allen movie Melinda and Melinda , which I was n't even aware had been released yet , I went along happily . I had n't really heard much about it so I hoped I would be pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />What I got was definitely the worst Woody Allen movie I 've seen . The premise is over - explained , the cast is terrible , the script is slow and lifeless . Too many scenes said nothing and yet were stretched out , I assume to fill out what would have otherwise become a 15 minute short film.<br /><br />I do n't mind the concept behind this film - two directors discuss how a simple situation could be interpreted as a comedy or a tragedy , and obviously the film proceeds to show us that , by playing out both scenarios . The problem is neither of these ' two films ' are any good at all . The comedy is n't funny and the tragedy is n't very tragic . It seems like Allen came up with a good idea but then ran out of steam , or time , to actually complete the film.<br /><br />The general level of acting is notably bad also - Will Ferrell is the only one who brings anything to the table , and it 's basically a Woody Allen impression . Previously good actors like Chloe Sevigny just come off as annoying , and the worst of the bunch is Radha Mitchell as Melinda ( which is a shame , because her character is in nearly every scene!).<br /><br />To be fair to the actors , the script they are working with is lacking if not non - existent . Definitely a long way from the Allen we know and love from classics like Manhattan or Annie Hall .
0 Woody Allen has made some of the greatest comedies ever and I would seriously consider saying that Annie Hall is the greatest movie ever but if I really think about it I will probably think of one or two that are better , but it would be hard . He has had of course some films that are n't quite good but not that bad either like Manhattan Murder Mystery and Sweet and Lowdown but he has never before had a film quite as bad as Melinda and Melinda . Not quite so tired and so unfunny , his films are usually witty and hilarious but how did this happen , is it still our good old Woody ? The plot runs around four friends who are having dinner together . Two are play writers and one of the others mentions a funny story that happened to a friend of hers . It is about a young woman who bursts in on a dinner party unexpected . We never hear the rest because the two play writes start to debate whether it would make a better comedy or tragedy . Than we begin to see the two points of view . Both center on this woman named Melinda who is having trouble both with drugs and with her ex - husband . In the tragedy she is an old family friend who after attempting suicide decided to show up at her old best friends front door for no apparent reason . The comedy is about Melida who stumbles in on the dinner party after popping 28 sleeping pills . Both go on a wild whirl wind of events that never really make sense or fit together , or make you laugh more than once or twice . There are some nice performances by Radha Mitchell and Will Ferrell but they ca n't fit it together on there own . They cam't stop it from sinking farther down than most of the other films this year .
0 Utterly pretentious nonsense . The material is dull , dull , dull , and most of the cast would n't even have made understudies in Allen 's earlier films . And to have to listen to the unfunny Will Ferrell do his Woody Allen imitation makes me loathe the second - rate ( though mysteriously popular ) Ferrell even more . It appears that the morose 70-year old Allen should have knocked off work when the clock rang in a new century.<br /><br />I truly tried to get involved in the film , but it was just impossible ; my snyapses could n't fire that slowly . So , rather than doze off and kill the afternoon sleeping in an upright position I got up , left my wife and daughter in the theater , and went out to the car where I had a really good book to re - read ( George Bailey 's great tome of 30 years ago , " Germans . " ) The day turned out pretty well after all , no thanks to Woody .
0 I will probably always go to see a Woody Alleb movie , as one never knows when he just might make a real return to his past greatness . Just one or two great moments or lines could make it worthwhile . sadly however this film just does'nt make it on any score . Saying thar actually makes me sad and even a little guilty . I 'm sure my reaction is much like a lot of other fans of Woody , but what can one say ? It 's probably time for him to concentrate on his Clarinett , which in my opinion , he is rather quite good . Saying all of this , I 'll still probably go to any new film Woody may come out with in the future . There 's always hope and I 'll continue to love and respect The WOODY ! !
0 This movie stinks ! You will want back the two - plus hours it takes to get through it . Sliding Doors , w/ Gwyenth Paltrow and directed by Peter Howit , did what Melinda & Melinda tries to do much much MUCH better . That movie was clever , witty , and well - acted . I cared about what happened to both Gwyenths -- or rather the characters she played -- and the performances by supporting cast were fantastic.<br /><br />Where as Melinda & Melinda is tiresome , the dialogue is contrived and I could have cared less about any of these people -- least of all Melinda . One Melinda is so dysfunctional -- her first glass of wine is at 10 a.m. -- and so melodramatic she is laughable , and not in the comedic sense . The 2nd Melinda is fine , but forgettable.<br /><br />Woody Allen 's previous ensemble movies worked because , I 'm guessing , he spent time on the screenplay and the actors were talented . One piece of trivia for this movie is that he wrote this screenplay in two months : you can tell . And while Chloe Sevigny is talented -- those around her are not , not enough to be a whole presence . The movie ends up being Chloe Sevigny and a bunch of other people you know you 've seen in other movies but ca n't quite remember which ones.<br /><br />Sad , very sad .
0 this movie is just an excuse for the writer to make a film out of 2 failed scripts.<br /><br />its characters are just an assembly of characters with cliché tragic or comic attributes the sum total of which is neurotic dialog like only woody Allen could write . woman love this because its like looking in the mirror so they will enjoy this film probably < br /><br />this movies was not enjoyed by me however because there was no car chase and also the film did n't have any fights . there was also no drug lords or gang bangers . Not to mention a lack of snakes . This film had no snakes . Not my cup of tea and maybe not yours ether so think about what I have said before you find yourself watching this film.<br /><br />Unless of course you resemble a female have weight issues man issues enjoy sex and the city and ally mcbeal then this is meaningful for you .
0 Well I 'm blowed , a Woody Allen film that I walked out of after half an hour ( I 'm aware of the moral fragility of commenting on a film of which I 've seen less than half , but I hope you 'll understand why ) . Basically , it became apparent very early on that we were going to be patronised from the screen with : a script that set out its conceit as if with bullet points ; a cast that were all trying to be characters from Hannah and Her Sisters ( with the exception of Chloe Sevigny ) , and were badly directed into doing so ; and a camera that sat around portentously , only for there to be nothing to film but chat and the actor delivering it . Drama ? None ; it 's partially pre - narrated , but the action does nothing to develop a dramatic situation.<br /><br />Maybe I did leave too early in this case , but by then I 'd decided against another hour and a half of one - liner - Allen clones . The script has its funny moments  I went almost entirely on the back of Will Ferrell 's excerpts in the trailer ( trailer - hooked again , doh ! )  but there 's little pace to let them fly off nonchalantly , as is best . Worse than this there 's no fluidity . Saying this film 's wooden makes a forest look like a jelly : the opening café - bound discussion being the most abject case - in - point . The only thing that should be done by numbers is potted reviewing  2/10 .
0 Perhaps I 'm not a sophisticate . This and Closer are two of the more supposedly cerebral films I 've seen recently , and both suffer from exactly the same problem to an excruciating extent . The dialogue is false false false . Nothing that comes out of anyone 's mouth seems remotely believable . Perhaps the way this film is set up that 's the way it 's supposed to feel , but it was unwatchable . And boring . I walked out after 20 minutes of tedium.<br /><br />I'll stick with Sleeper and Bananas for my Woody Allen fix . If I ever come across this on the teevee , I 'll turn over and try to find an episode of Quincy instead .
0 I picked this up at the video store because of Tarantino 's recommendation ( " If you do n't like ( this ) , go f&^% yourself ! " ) on the box ... seemed like a ringing endorsement .... I was expecting something a bit more like " Death Proof " ... not much actual violence in this one tho , or plot , of character , or dialogue . < br /><br />Look at the poster . It 's all there . Stunts , and rock . It goes back and forth . A week or so in the life of an LA band that does a crappy magic show , at a level that you 'd maybe see in one of the lesser casinos off the Strip , and an Aussie stuntman new in town finding his feet ... They work , they meet girls , they party . End of story.<br /><br />The band obviously needed all that stuff because they are frankly second - tier , and playing a style that was already dated in 1978 . It has to be said that the stunt bits in the film are genuinely spinetingling - that Aussie fellow really is something , and the film seems largely motivated by love and respect for the " art " . I hung it there to see what crazy thing he 'd do next . Just wish he could have found a better vehicle .
0 East Palace , West Palace reminded me somewhat of The Detective , with Frank Sinatra in the role of the cop , and William Windom is the boy . It 's a progressive film for China , I guess , but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men : much is made of Chinese myths in which men take on female roles . The movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy . He cruises the park without fear -- he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer . And that in fact happens . Then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture : made to squat for a period of time , handcuffed , slapped . This is what the gay man wants , and , implicitly , the gay man is challenging the cop 's self - image as a manly man . The story 's about the gay man 's life ( which include flashbacks ) are tolerable , but when he starts describing old Chinese myths and dramatic works , the movie becomes unbearable . It becomes a cry of pity for China 's gays , who only want to fulfill a traditional role in Chinese society . Sorry , I ca n't relate .
0 This is the kind of movie i fear the most . Arrogant and Irresponsible , it presents a sketch of the colombian conflict so cliched and dumb it represents an insult to all Colombian people . The performances are godawul , from Grisales ( her naked scene is absolutely pitiful ) , to Bejarano , to Fanny Mickey ( who looks right out of a Tim Burton nightmare ) , to Díaz , who makes a notable effort to bring life to a character so one - dimensional , so cliched and so badly written all he´s left to work with is a mustache . Not to mention the gratuitous ending , a gore fest so cheesy that it would make Ed Wood cringe . It fails in all ways , cinematography , art direction , costumes , makeup , editing , and most of all directing , Jorge Alí Triana has always been a lousy filmmaker but at least his previous movies had some dignity . I ca n't say anything good about this waste of money , except that i hope Colombian filmmakers learn a lesson about honesty , integrity and responsability from this mean - intended fiasco .
0 All of David Prior 's movies are terrible on all counts : bad writing , bad acting , bad cinematography , no budget ( the director 's brother is usually cast as the male lead ) . But they all have incredible entertainment value because of their unintentional hilarity . The plot of almost every David Prior " film " ( as I like to refer to them ) is basically the same . Manly all - American commandos team up to blow up Communist baddies . But unlike other Cold War - era garbage such as Red Dawn , Prior 's movies are actually funny because of their over - the - top premises and acting . The best part of Jungle Assault is the scene in which Becker ( or was is the other dude ? ) is being summoned by General Mitchell for a top - secret mission in South America . The funniest line in the movie is then delivered , something to the effect of " this is my roommate , I trained him well " . WHAT . You trained your roommate ? And apparently this is going to be their solution to avoiding eviction.<br /><br />If you can find these gems on video used anywhere , BUY THEM . They are all funny and even funnier after a few beers . Watch them with a group of your friends for a true MST3K - style experience . So far my friends and I have managed to get a hold of Night Wars and Aerobicide aka " Killer Workout " . But the one I recommend the most over them all is Final Sanction , with the freakish - looking Robert Z'dar .
0 Imagine the worst A - team episode Add even more bad taste Remove humor and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is ! Looks like a teenager stole Daddy 's Camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister Barbie model house . Pathetic .
0 This one features all the ( bad ) effect of Prior 's cheap - o movies , but is so overtly racist , nasty and unpleasant that it is difficult to give this piece of dreck any redeeming feature . Unless you plan to enlist in the Marines , skip this one . Oh , and even if you do , avoid it at all costs .
0 Updating of the Bliss theme is merely the latest in a lengthening queue of bad - to - average local comedies which appeal to the conservative cinema - going set . ( For the record , this list , all of the films on which appear to be attempting a Castle - esque miracle , includes , Strange Bedfellows , Thunderstruck , Bad Eggs , The Honourable Wally Norman , Horseplay , The Wannabes and The Nugget . The only one to have worked has been Crackerjack.)<br /><br />Here , the performances never mesh , as John Howard does n't even look like he 's in the right film  though perhaps that was the intention , as Franklin plays sleepy , conservative suburbia against its more interesting inhabitants . 20-year - old virgins who live with their parents are becoming rarer on - screen , but this is hardly a reason to watch the film . In fact , the only reasons may well be ( 1 ) Howard 's bizarre  but quite fun  performance , and ( 2 ) the ' suburban nightmare ' theme , which has run through Somersault , Strange Bedfellows , Tom White , Alexandra 's Project , Danny Deckchair , The Rage in Placid Lake , Traveling Light , Teesh & Trude , Swimming Upstream and Lantana , many of which are very good / excellent . Enter at own risk ! May be one for people who titter at the word ' penis ' . 4/10 .
0 It is a real shame that nearly no one under 30 knows the " over the top " writing of Michael O'Donoghugh- magazine articles and SNL skits that were genius for the time ... and so it is a true shame that anyone who may take the opportunity to research his work will no doubt take the easy way out and watch videos- thus leading them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO . < br /><br />This movie has clever elements that never fully connect to the funny bone . The viewer experiences such things as cat diving / swimming with the man who thinks he 's found feline happiness by hurling these kittens into a pool which the camera follows in slow motion and montage sequence . Then we are taken to an island to where all past fads are retired ( hula hops , pet rocks , rainbow dread wigs etc . ) Then we enter the music world ( punk was a new variety of music at the time of this film ) where " D " rate bar performer Rootboy Slim performs " boogie till you puke " in his own lazy style of dirt and eclectic sleaze . Now the real beauty of all this is the back ground music . In many different styles with many different instruments the sound of TELSTAR plays and replays- for those who do n't understand Telstar was the first American Satellite launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate mans genius and triumph . MR MIKES seems to have been meant as a signal of societal decay ridiculous wastes . Now one thing the theater offered that the video release does not was a live performance of Sid Vicious ( ex sex pistol not the wrestler ) singing MY WAY . His version is very different than Sinatras as one might imagine but frankly I feel it is very much worth the listen ... it 's good ! That is the sad part- in the VHS release Paul Anka refuses the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation rolling across the image of the singing dead sex pistol . < br /><br />I would give the theater release a 5 or 6 the video is closer to a 4 and now that so much is passé I can see where many people would give it a 3 or 2.5 . If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script watch SCROOGED ... it is a better tribute to the mans insight and talent .
0 I saw this movie in 1979 , I was 17 or 18 , when it was released . The theater was perhaps 1/4 full when the movie started . Ten minutes into the movie me and the friend who went with me to see the film were the only two people in the theater . The movie was really weird and had no plot or reason to its script and people demanded their money back . We decided to stay for the ENTIRE movie .... why endure such torture ? ? ... here 's why . We wanted to be true movie critics ... to have a standard to base all other movies on it is hard to justify saying you have seen the best movie ( a 10)they always come up with something better . But , it is easy to be able to base all other movies off of the worst movie ever made ( and this is it ... a 1 at best ) . There may be other movies out there that truly qualify as a 1 , but I have yet to see them . I now base all movies I see on a scale based on this worst .... I AM A TRUE MOVIE CRITIC ... he he .
0 I actually saw this movie at a theater . As soon as I handed the cashier my money , she said two words I had never heard at a theater , before or since : " No refunds ! " As soon as I heard those words , I should have just waved bye - bye to my cash and gone home . But no , foolishly , I went in and watched the movie . This movie did n't make ANYONE in the theater laugh . Not even once . Not even inadvertantly ! Mostly , we sat there in stunned silence . Every ten minutes or so , someone would yell " This movie SUCKS ! " The audience would applaud enthusiastically , then sit there in stunned , bored silence for another ten minutes .
0 I looked forward to seeing this movie when it came out , since I was a huge SNL fan . When my boyfriend and I went to see it , the people coming out of the early show were yelling , " Do n't waste your money ! " But of course we had to find out for ourselves.<br /><br />While there were a few funny bits ( Laser Bra 2000 , Root Boy Slim ) , most of it felt like it could have been severely edited down to an amusing 1 hour show . It was pretty bad.<br /><br />When the opera singer came on , many people got up and walked out . This made me laugh , because I realized that O'Donoghue was just pressing people 's buttons on purpose with this movie . Or else he was just insane . Whatever - you do n't need to waste your time watching it , it 's that bad .
0 Mr. Mike was probably the most misanthropic comedian of all time , so I was interested to see what he 'd do with total creative control over a movie . Sadly , it is unwatchable , though not because the jokes are n't funny -- some ( I wo n't say most ) of them are , and in fact Mr. Mike did a good job translating his mentally unbalanced screeds into visual gags . The trouble is that the technical quality ( sets , lighting , sound , editing , you name it ) is so God - awful , the movie is intolerable . Some outfit called " PKO Productions " gets the producing credit , but it does n't look produced at all ; it looks more like Mike stole one of the cameras from the SNL set and made the whole thing in an afternoon . I realize Mike 's goal was to torture the audience , but even that deserves some basic standards , such as the ability to actually see , hear or comprehend whatever it is that 's supposed to be shocking . Still , the DVD is n't a total waste : it includes a eulogy for O'Donoghue by Bill Murray and three " Mr. Mike 's Least Loved Bedtime Stories " from SNL . Plus , the " cat swimming " section of the movie is a great scene to be caught watching if you want to freak someone out . 3/10
0 If you enjoy the original SNL cast and shows then avoid this movie at all costs . When this first came out my friends and I waited in line for over an hour to get in to a sold out movie house . half way through the movie the theatre was 3/4 empty . We refused to leave thinking it would get better . When the movie ended we were the only ones left in the theatre . The movie lasted only one day in all theaters then vanished from sight . In interviews with " Mr. Mike " he refused to comment on this film . The film was an inside joke on the episodes of SNL that came out right after the films release and closing in one day . We all tried to contact " Mr. Mike " by phone and mail to get a refund but were totally ignored .
0 I saw this cinematic wretchedness in a dollar theater with a friend in 1979 ( back when the tickets actually sold for $ 1 ) . This is the only film I have ever walked out on ( with my friend , while the idiocy that is the " Laser Bra 2000 " sketch was on screen ) . Evidently , my and my friend 's reaction to the film was a common one . It is not that I found the film offensive ( either as an 18-year - old or now ) , but rather that it is mind - numbingly stupid and patently unfunny , devoid even of the unintended humor that makes a Ed Wood film watchable . This is the real reason why NBC refused to air it , rather than a failure to comprehend Mr. Mike 's " vision " ( unless , of course , his vision was to drive the film 's backers into bankruptcy).<br /><br />I remained surprised to this day that this film does not seem to have made any published " 10 worst films of all time " list . It certainly makes mine . You have been warned .
0 Why does this movie fall WELL below standards ? Ultimately , the answer lies in the poor , humourless script . A slim / average looking Travolta ( looking rather dapper in black I must say , even with a HUGE mullet ) and Gross both act very well as two young - ish ' slick - dressed ' but nevertheless dimwitted New Yorkers eager to open their own nightclub . Other than that , the rest of the film is just boring to watch . It is SO dull that it 's really not worth knowing what happens in the film 's climax on any level . Kelly Preston obviously exudes sex appeal and the sexually charged dance with her husband - to - be Travolta is one of the film 's few pleasures . Charles Martin Smith is quite fun to watch as struggling KGB honcho " Bob Smith " . Personally , I think the movie would have been better if the plot was altered a little so that the settings did not change from NY to ' Indian Springs , Nebraska ' ( which is in the former Soviet Union?)--you'll understand if you see the movie ... Apparently , this movie was filmed in 1986 ready for a 1987 release . I guess Paramount stalled on releasing the movie until January 1989 because of the unbelievable plot . It was reported they deemed it " unreleasable " . Nevertheless , this $ 6,000,000 film garnered a little over an embarrassing $ 163,000 in revenue as it was released only BRIEFLY in places like Texas and Colorado before heading straight - to - video . This is testament to the overall BAD quality of this movie .
0 I thought this film would be a lot better then it was . It sounded like a spoof off of the spy gener , and the start of it reminded me of Pleasantvil , but this film came up short.<br /><br />The plot is just to ridiculous . The KGB and Soviet Union in Russia have started up a spy school to teach their spies ' how to act like Americans , but the town they set up in it for training is a bit dated , so they grab two yanks from the US to spice things up . I do n't know , but this seems just to out there . It gets really odd when next to no one in this all Russian town speaks in a Russian accent . Someone screwed up in the casting job.<br /><br />Also , for a comedy this is painfully dry . There is one , two funny spots tops , and they are nothing to sing and dance about . The film in the end will likely put you to sleep.<br /><br />And , as a twisted punch in the face , this film is so pro the US it makes me sick . The movie keeps on saying again and again , the US is God and Russia is the devil . This is the kind of smear campaign that was done against the Japanese in World War 2 . It 's films like these that makes everyone think that the US is full of itself.<br /><br />This gets a 4 out of 10 , and I 'm being kind . It should really get a one , but the dance scene was funny , but then again it dragged far to long to be really funny .
0 If you 're in the mood for some dopey light entertainment , this will pass the time . If you expect one jot of plausibility , do n't bother . To me , the dance scene looked like it was exaggerated for comic effect ; it did n't look especially hot or skilled .
0 One of the five worst movies I have ever watched . And I 'm not exaggerating . In fact , I recommend watching it so you can get the same feeling of incredulity as you might by watching Showgirls.<br /><br />Out of 400 votes , the movie gets a user rating of 5.3/10 . But there is a disproportionate number of voters who gave it a 10/10 , probably due to the message of the movie - nuclear weapons are the bane of mankind . Chuck Murdock is an all - star little league pitcher who gives up baseball because there are nuclear weapons . Soon " Amazing Grace " Smith is an all - star Boston Celtic who is inspired by Chuck 's story and gives up basketball . Soon all sports leagues from the professional level to college to high school to little league dismantle in a world - wide protest . Later all the children of the world go on a silence strike . This inspires the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet Premier , who in time agree to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the next Little League season . The movie ends with Chuck about to throw out the first pitch , with the President telling his new best friend Chuck not to worry about striking out every batter , as he has n't thrown a baseball in a year.<br /><br />Somewhere along the line a nefarious underworld boss kills Amazing Grace . When the President finds out he is told that the FBI can verify the killer but will never be able to prove it . So the President calls the underworld boss ( " But it 's one a.m. " " I do n't care , get him on the line " ) and tell him that he is to resign from all company boards that he sits on and sell all stocks that he has . And to not get out of line again.<br /><br />Honestly , this movie was so crappy that I could n't turn it off . It was on television from 2:30 am to 4:00 am , and I watched it all . I was n't turned off by the anti - nuclear weapons propaganda . I was turned off by the implausible break down of all organized sports . I do n't even understand why " Amazing Grace " Smith was killed . And with all these famous athletes becoming Chuck 's friends , why the father was constantly upset with his son taking a principled stand . And there was the cliché moment near the end when dad tells Chuck , " I never told you this , but I 'm proud of you . " Cue hug .
0 I spent eight years running movie theatres in the 80 's and 90 's . This was , by far , the worst film I ever showed to the public . One thing that made it so bad was that it put on airs of trying to be a great , inspiring film . Even the great Gregory Peck could not save this horrid piece of drivel from being far less than mediocre . Jamie Lee Curtis , in an early non - horror film role , demonstrated clearly that she had not yet learned to act ( she 's still trying , but it is n't getting much better).<br /><br />I'm sorry , and here 's the spoiler , international nuclear disarmament is never going to happen just because it makes children afraid to play little league baseball ! Even the shows on Nick and The Disney Channel are not stupid enough to try to make us believe that dreck.<br /><br />This is not worth the time you would waste watching it on cable TV . It is not worth the price of a movie rental ; your dollar would be better spent on an extra package of microwave popcorn to go with the other movie you picked ( because it can only be better than this ) .
0 This movie is a bad memory from my childhood . This is one of those movies that they show kids on a rainy day at school when you ca n't go out for recess , and you 'd rather be watching anything , ANYTHING else . At least that 's what it was like when I was in elementary school . I just remember HATING this movie . Granted , I have n't seen it in 15 years or so , and they probably do n't use it on rainy days anymore but I just want to warn everyone : You 'd be better off using this to put your kids to sleep than entertaining them . Trust me , pick anything else . Even though the topic is kind of controversial , the plot is so tame and slow that I ca n't remember anything about it except that I disliked it so strongly that here , 15 years later , I felt the need to warn all of you against it .
0 This was among the STUPIDEST and PREACHIEST of the anti - nuke films out of the 1980s.<br /><br />The idea that a kid and a basketball star could " change the world " is pretty far - fetched , given how many " children 's peace marches " and " celebrity protests " there were and ARE.<br /><br />But the idea that the Soviet Union would agree to a TOTAL nuclear disarmament , because some apparatchik kids learned of a " silent protest " in the West , is ludicrous.<br /><br />What ended the Cold War ? America 's tough , dare I say " Reaganesque " stance and the internal failures of socialism . It was NOT the peace marches , the " die - ins " or films like " Amazing Grace & Chuck " , " Miracle Mile " , or " Testament " .
0 I ca n't imagine anyone would ever , in a million years , want to watch this movie . Not because it was one of the worst ever made ( it was n't ) , but largely because it 's about 20 years old and oh - so - out of the mainstream . I was trying to find out where I saw an actor before and this popped up . So , yeah , a kid stops playing little league because he does n't like nukes , this prompts major media attention and a quick resolution to the cold war . The end . A fantasy , to be sure , but one so cockeyed it would make John Lennon blush . Since terrorism has replaced communism as the -ism that scares the hell out of us , this movie really has no relevance , except as an ( innaccurate ) look back at those times . The writing , acting , and film craft are similarly undeveloped . The reason I rated it as highly as I did was because I watched this movie around 50 times while I was 5 - 6 years old and still have a little place in my heart for it , but I now realize that it does n't quite cut mustard . So , if the law of large numbers holds true and someone eventually does decide to check out this movie , realize that there are much better ways to spend your time , but also much worse ones . ( I will refrain from a John Q. tirade for now . )
0 I saw this in the summer of 1990 . I 'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.<br /><br />Implausible plot . You 'd have to be a child to think this could happen.<br /><br />I'm just really annoyed by it . Do n't see this .
0 This film reminds me of how college students used to protest against the Vietnam War . As if , upon hearing some kids were doing without cheeseburgers in Cow Dung Collehe , the President was going to immediately change all US foreign policy.<br /><br />The worst thing is that , while dangerous , the concept of a policy based on if the USSR and US went to war it could mean the end of the world , WORKED . The US and USSR NEVER WENT TO WAR.<br /><br />Had we only conventional weapons , the notion of yet another war , a " win - able " war , in Europe and Asia was not unthinkable.<br /><br />Not that I think they should get rid of this movie . It should be seen by film students as a splendid example of " How NOT to make a film." < br /><br />It should be 0 stars or maybe black holes ...
0 I saw this in the summer of 1990 . I 'm still annoyed by how bad this movie is in 2001.<br /><br />Implausible plot . You 'd have to be a child to think this could happen.<br /><br />I'm just really annoyed by it . Do n't see this .
0 I 've no idea what dimwit from San Francisco came up with this stupid plot , but apparently they need to get off whatever drugs they are taking and put their analyst on danger money -- NOW.<br /><br />Yeah , this is a plausible story , if you regard the alien abduction sequence in " Life of Brian " as plausible.<br /><br />This film is little more than a leftist pipedream . Had the US and USSR give up nuclear weapons , the result would 've been to eliminate the only real obstacle that kept the two from engaging in a war . Bad as Korea , Vietnam and other wars of the era were , they were " proxy wars " fought to keep the superpowers from a direct engagement.<br /><br />This film makes me think about how realistic it was when some group of high school kids would go on a hunger strike against nuclear proliferation . As if someone would say " Mr. President , some kids at Drastic High are not eating ! " and Ronald Reagan would reply " My God ! I 'd better revise my Defense policy ! " Right.<br /><br />Like this film ? Would n't it be better if the Soviet Union would 've collapsed because they could not support their massive arms build ... wait , that happened !
0 A film like Amazing Grace and Chuck is a perfect example of how the left in this country just does n't get it . They never did . And liberalism continues to slip further and further into political oblivion.<br /><br />This film deals with a little league baseball star who decides to stop playing ball as a protest to the existence of nuclear weapons . The boy is understandably ridiculed until a bevy of professional athletes , led by former NBA star Alex English , join his cause . Not just a few of them join the cause . By the time his movement reaches its zenith , entire leagues of professional and college sports have to cancel their seasons since nobody will play any more . Just to move this review along , I 'm prepared to grant them this premise . Even though it would never happen in a million years , I 'll just imagine it could , then go from there.<br /><br />I do n't quite remember how , but some type of agreement is reached , and the boy decides to go back to the game he loves in an incredibly sappy and ridiculous scene.<br /><br />Before criticizing the message of this film , let me just say that this film is poorly written , acted and directed . Even if one does agree with the boy 's stance , it would be impossible to overcome how badly the film was constructed . And that 's a shame since there are plenty of good actors that go to waste . ( Peck , Curtis , Petersen ) . Alex English does as well as he could have with his character however , and I wish he would try to act in more films . Alas , it 's likely much easier to find work in the coaching world of the NBA . One wishes Mr. English would teach more of these thuggish NBA types of today how to shoot the rock a little better . Alex certainly knew how to put the ball through the hoop.<br /><br />As far as the film 's message in concerned , it 's just wrong - headed . Plain and simple . All of those nuclear warheads tucked away in those missile silos out west PREVENTED WAR ! ! ! ! ! It would be one thing for this boy and his flock to protest an actual war or the USE of nuclear weapons . These weapons were in fact never used , and that was the genius behind their existence . Neither side during the cold war was crazy enough to fire a single missile . Without these weapons , who knows what might have happened between the USA and USSR.<br /><br />The makers of this film obviously intended for kids in America to take up their cause and follow in Chuck 's footsteps . Kids in America however are more intelligent than the left wing kooks who created this dreck . < br /><br />The film is worth only 2 of 10 stars.<br /><br />If you want to see a great film about the dangers of nuclear war , stick with Dr. Strangelove , instead.<br /><br />Mr . Newell , you are no Frank Capra !
0 This sleek , sexy movie is a must - see . Only upon multiple viewings can one truly understand the uniqueness of this film . Personally I enjoy the narrator for his intelligent , no subject left untouched , style of narration . The introduction grips you right away , and holds you at the edge of your seat throughout the film . He provides wonderful insight into the world of the trainables and allows the audience to really ' connect ' with internal horror this film exhibits . The script itself holds the movie together wonderfully . Not only for kids , but the elderly alike will gain a higher understanding of the trainables and the modern grasp that they have on the sexual experience . Ahead of its time and groundbreaking in cinematography , it surely defines the word ' masterpiece ' .
0 I love Seth Green . His appearances on THat 70s ' Show is always worth watching but last night , I felt the show needed to overhauled . Four single young guys inherit a New York City apartment that most of us would die for . The grandmother must have been an heiress to have such space in the first place . So I felt the need for realism should have been brought out . Anyway the plot about four best friends getting this apartment was not believable . I would have been thrilled if they had to move in with one of their parents which would have provided great humor and dysfunctional about the show 's set up . There did not seem to be much humor in it . I am only watching it because it falls before My Name is Earl on a winning Thursday night . I think they should go back , scrap this series , and start over . We need more family involved series . How about Seth and his friends move in with his wacky parents in the suburbs after a fire burns their place down . THey could have Dabney Coleman play the father and Christine Estabrook , play the mother and dysfunctional siblings . The list of possibilities with somebody like Seth Green are endless and the network is blowing it .
0 Well it 's not often that we in the UK have a film made about inner city life from the perspective of the Afro Caribbean community , the last example that I can remember was the underrated Babylon way back in 1980 . So I had high expectations when I heard about Bullet Boy , a film that has been touted as the British version of La Haine ! Well La Haine it is not ! I agree that the use of dialogue and environment gives this film an authenticity that has been missed in other British films of late , but my concern is that this film predictably ends sadly.<br /><br />The film intelligently deals with the escalating problem of black on black violence that is sadly all to common in London , but I 'm concerned that film makers now use type - casting in plot as opposed to characters which is equally as damaging . Saul Dibb had a great opportunity to make a film that could be both entertaining and inspirational to us all , but sadly missed and created a film that only reinforces the idea that to be a young black male in London the only future is violence & tragedy
0 Over the last 20 years the majority of British films are about how horribly poverty stricken the UK is and how our youth does n't stand a chance of a good life whilst they live on the mean streets of British cities . The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ' broken Britain ' . Trainspotting , This is England , Kidulthood , Football Factory , Kes and From London to Brighton.<br /><br />Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to that list . The main character expresses a desire to go straight yet he still insists on hanging around with dead beats who carry guns and fight with gang members over nothing . I was never convinced that he did want to go straight as there was nothing stopping him pursuing an education or a trade . In fact it would have been a breath of fresh air if he had of gone straight and we had a character who turned his life around . Instead he spends his time helping his friend trying to commit murder . I felt no sympathy when he is predictably shot by another teen at the end of the film , which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really liked the entire family and their desire for success . I believe the makers missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are willing to really strive for it ( like the Pursuit of Happiness ) . < br /><br />I know the purpose of this film was to try and paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black teens living in working class areas of Britain but do n't we already have enough films in the UK with that very same plot ? Is n't it time these talented producers and writers give Britains youth something to aspire to and show them a better life is just around the corner?<br /><br />I applaud the makers of Bullet Boy for not loading the film full of mindless violence in order to try and get success through shock factors ( like Kidulthood , Football Factory ) but at the same time this movie offers nothing new to a long list of British films that are effectively dull and depressing to watch . There is no happy ending to this movie or any of the others I have mentioned .
0 It 's a bad , very bad movie.<br /><br />Well , for people a real realistic movie is a good thing . For me it is not . Life is also predictable , bad , nasty , trivial , senseless , sometimes . Maybe that 's the reason for people say that this film is real.<br /><br />Too many common places : you 're black , you 're a criminal , you 're doomed and cursed , whatever you do you 'll end up by shooting or being shot by someone ; do n't let the kids play with the weapons , it could be dangerous ; and then there are those who go to the church , and then they are good , very good ... <br /><br />Before this one , I had n't seen such a bad movie . That 's perhaps the reason for I never noticed how important the photography itself is important in a movie . In this one , every scene shot in daytime , outdoor , is clearly and annoyingly blue . They did n't even care to correct the colour balance . Oh ! I 've " rated " more than 300 movies in this database so far , and this ( 3/10 ) is my lowest ever .
0 I watched this movie last night and was a bit disappointed . A lot of the " time facts " were off . At the beginning of the movie , the grandfather made a comment to this grandson and his friends about how they felt when 9 - 11 hit . This movie was supposed to be taking place in 1994 . Also , one of the grandsons friends was wearing an Eagles Donovan McNabb jersey . He had n't even been drafted as of yet . The story line was good but the facts and actuality of the time frame was so far off base that it made the movie seem cheesy . My boyfriend is an avid reader of WWII books and memorabilia . I rented this movie hoping that it would be good . The acting was so - so . The dog was cute . But the way that this movie was carried out made me glad that I only paid 4 dollars to rent it as opposed to the 50 it would have taken me to watch it in a theater . I hope that who ever reads this understands that I mean no discontent to those who fought the war but the facts and time frame should have been a little more closely monitored .
0 This movie had good intentions and a good story to work with . The director and screenwriter of this movie failed miserably and created a dull , boring filmstrip that made me feel like I was back in Mr. Hartford 's 8th grade Social Studies class -- way back in 67.<br /><br />What a waste , will somebody please take this story and make a real movie out of it - the story deserves it.<br /><br />Every time a scene had potential , all we were left with were a few clichés , combined with black and white footage that they probably got from The History Channel to show the action . Shameful.<br /><br />Ossie Davis was the only bright light in this dull fest . The other acting was incredibly dull - it fit in with the movie well and whomever played the Captain set a new low standard for line delivery.<br /><br />However , if you are willing to accept all the numerous flaws in this movie and are n't concerned with being awed or entertained , but want to learn about the USS Mason , it is worth a watch .
0 Full marks for the content of this film , as a Brit I was not aware that there was segregation in the US Navy during WWII . A very brave attempt to bring this fact to the world . However , the movie is pathetic , direction is non existent , the acting is wooden and the script is just one cliché after another . I can honestly say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . I sat and cringed from the start until the end at the very poor way that this had been put together . This could have been a great movie , the story for many of us outside of the US was new , unique and also interesting . The sad fact of the matter is the way that it was put together . It is unfortunate that a true story like this , which could have changed people 's attitudes , has been squandered on a low budget , badly directed movie . I only hope that some time in the future , one of the major studios will take this theme and do it justice .
0 I will give it a 3 just because it showed history that we need to know about , to prevent it from happening again . I agree with the comments from the gentleman from UK . The movie was pretty terrible . All cliché , no real plot . Historical and technical inaccuracies abound . Look up the technical specs on DE 529 , or any Everts class Destroyer Escort , and you will see what I mean . I now its black history month in the US , and I m going to be called a racist just for saying this , but the history of this ship is not that great . They did some escort work , chased a " submarine " that turned out to be a hulk that they rammed . Sorry , but black people did a lot more in WWII then this silly movie gives them credit for . This movie makes them look like whiners . Let the name calling commence , I can handle it .
0 Working at a video store I get to see quite a few movies and on occasion I try to watch some of the not so big movies . Proud happened to be one of them . The initial idea of telling of the story of a primarily black crewed ship during WWII had some merit . However in less than 10 minutes of watching the movie you find out that the primary point of the movie was to tell about racial tension in WWII . The underlying story is about the ship , the crew and their exploits in the war . This primary point is hammered at you to the point of excessiveness all throughout the movie . I commend the men that served on the USS Mason for their triumph in the face of adversity and for the hardships that they endured . A movie should have been made focusing on the accomplishments these men did for themselves , the Navy and for their country and not making a movie whose focus is racism during WWII .
0 This is a great story and was just the beginning of equality in the United States . ( We are still working on it too . ) However despite the fact this is true , it 's still a movie and this is a movie site . I realize independent films have a hard time getting good actors , but wow . The only one even mediocre is the excellent Ossie Davis . But even he could n't make up for all the actors ( including the one playing him as a young man ) absolutely atrocious acting . Granted the script was terribly cliché , but even then you have got to get some decent actors ! I would n't recommend this to anybody because it is so poorly done in every category . Read some books about the true story of the U.S.S Mason , because they give these men the respect they deserve .
0 As a WWII naval history buff , and someone who is not proud of this country 's history of race relations , I was looking forward to seeing this movie . What a disappointing piece of schlock . I made it about 3/4 of the way through , but I should have turned it off at the sub attack scene . The idea that a U - boat would fire a torpedo at a DDE , as if there was a hope of hitting it , and then be able to " run away " from the DDE while submerged , is preposterous . And that 's just a small detail . The whole movie was poorly written , poorly directed , and poorly acted . I agree with others on this board that this could have been a good movie . It 's as if they decided that , since all those crappy WWII propaganda films were made with all - white casts , they needed to make one with black people . And as bad as those old movies were , this is actually worse . And it almost smacks of false advertising to headline Ossie Davis and Stephen Rea . It turns out they had very minor roles . I have to believe those two fine actors were embarrassed to be associated with this film . I 'm done . I 've given way too much of my life this crap movie .
0 I had high hopes for this film . I thought the premise interesting . I stuck through it , even though I found the acting , save Helena Bonham Carter , unremarkable . I kept hoping my time spent would pay off , but in the end I was left me wondering why they even bothered to make this thing . Maybe in George Orwell 's version there is a message worth conveying . If this film accomplished anything , it has inspired me to read Orwell 's classic . I find it hard to believe his tale could be as disappointing as this adaption . If the film maker 's message is " the mundane life is worth living " , well then , they 've succeeded . I would recommend this film to no one ; 101 minutes of my life wasted .
0 The British ' heritage film ' industry is out of control . There 's nothing wrong with filming classic novels , but why must they all be filmed by talentless nobodies ? This film rips the guts out of Orwell 's tough novel , turning it into a harmless , fluffy romantic comedy . ' Aspidistra ' may not be Orwell 's best work , but no - one who reads it can forget its superb depiction of poverty . Orwell emphasises not only the cold and the hunger , but the humiliation of being poor . In the novel , London is a bleak , grey , cold , heartless city , and Comstock prays for it to be blasted away by a squadron of bombers . But this film irons out anything that might be in any way disturbing , and creates instead a jolly nostalgic trip to charming 1930s London , in which everything is lit with shafts of golden sunlight , and even the slums of Lambeth are picturesque and filled with freshly scrubbed urchins and happy prostitutes . Comstock 's poems about the sharp wind sweeping across the rubbish - strewn streets seem completely out of place in this chocolate - box world . Worst of all is the script 's relentless bonhomie , ancient jokes , and clunking dialogue . It 's so frustrating because Richard E. Grant is the perfect person to play Gordon Comstock , and the film is packed with great actors . But it 's all for nothing . This film made me so angry ! Britain 's literary history is something to be proud of for its richness , complexity and power . And what do we do with it ? We employ bland nobodies to turn it into soft - centred , anodyne pap for people who want to feel that they are ' getting some culture ' while they drink their Horlicks and quietly doze off .
0 In spite of sterling work by the supporting actors , and an intelligent script by Alan Plater , this film suffers from a fatal flaw - the lack of charm of the central character / actor . One of the characters describes Richard E Grant 's character as " a whining little turd " and unfortunately this sums him up perfectly . There is nothing about him or his performance to make it credible that his girlfriend and upper - class publisher / friend would spend so much time and emotional effort on him . He is rude , arrogant , selfish , self - destructive and thoroughly annoying . The part called for an actor who can make you love him even when he is being a prate - a Ewan McGregor , for example.<br /><br />All of the witty satire on the class system etc was wasted , thanks to this irritating and thoroughly unlikeable performance . All I wanted to do was shake him and tell him to get over himself .
0 this seemed an odd combination of Withnail and I with A Room with a View .. sometimes it worked , other times it did not . tragedy that they changed the name for the US release though .. Keep the Apidistra Flying is much better than the nothing title A Merry War . acting was okay , script was okay .. overall it was a mediocre film ..
0 This inept adaptation of arguably one of Martin Amis 's weaker novels fails to even draw comparisons with other druggy oeuvres such as Requiem For A Dream or anything penned by Irvine Walsh as it struggles to decide whether it is a slap - stick cartoon or a hyper - realistic hallucination.<br /><br />Boringly directed by William Marsh in over - saturated hues , a group of public school drop - outs converge in a mansion awaiting the appearance of three American friends for a weekend of decadent drug - taking . And that 's it . Except for the ludicrous sub - plot soon - to - be - the - main - plot nonsense about an extremist cult group who express themselves with the violent killings of the world 's elite figures , be it political or pampered . Within the first reel you know exactly where this is going.<br /><br />What is a talented actor like Paul Bettany doing in this tiresome , badly written bore ? Made prior to his rise to fame and Jennifer Connelly one can be assured that had he been offered this garbage now he 'd have immediately changed agents ! Avoid .
0 A terrible storyline ( Amis at his worst ) , pointless and self - conscious ' decadence ' , obvious shock tactics and patchy acting make this film ( rather like " Rancid Aluminium " ) embody everything that went wrong with the much - vaunted British film revival . The humour is , at best , limp , and the pretentiousness of the whole set - up ( including some kind of " internet terrorist group " - ooh , how contemporary ) really begins to grate.<br /><br />Final summary - a half - baked attempt to be ' edgy ' that does no - one any favours . Still , it 's always a pleasure to see Katy Carmichael on screen ... <br /><br / >
0 I am a great fan of Martin Amis , on whose book this film is based . Unfortunately the director has been unable to translate the book to the screen . The novel is thoroughly post modern and highly artificial in its wildly overblown characters and the disintegration of traditional plot line and character development . It is an hilarious examination of human greed , excess and emptiness by one of the most moral of contemporary British writers . The director of the film has completely missed the point of the novel . In his hands , the film screams along at breakneck speed , indulging in every known trick shot and ' odd ' camera angle possible . It is like Ken Russel on acid , and suffers from that older director 's self indulgence cranked up to a hundred . Not even the ( brief ) glimpse of gorgeous actor Christian Solimeno 's penis was enough to save this wretched film for me . Abysmal !
0 This film looked interesting ; I 'd read the book a number of years ago and it informed me that the feature followed the plot outline pretty tightly.<br /><br />Started watching it and almost from the outset it failed to live up to expectations . In fact , I did n't bother watching the whole thing ... utter drivel - bad performances , bad acting and instantly dislikeable characters - that was the point of the film , I guess.<br /><br />Watching this film left a bad taste in the mouth and put me on a downer for the remainder of my weekend.<br /><br />Do not bother with this feature .
0 Suffice to say that - despite the odd ludicrous panegyric to his soi disant " abilities " posted here - the director of this inept , odious tosh has n't made a film since . Well that is excellent news as far as I 'm concerned.<br /><br />Dead Babies has all of the bile of its creator , but lacks the wit and technical proficiency that make Martin Amis the novelist readable.<br /><br />When will the British film industry wake up and realise that if it wants to regain the status it once had it should stop producing rubbish like this and make something real people will actually want to watch?<br /><br />Avoid like the plague .
0 A couple of days after writing about how garbage like MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH receive money while Ange , Duncan and Theo are totally ignored I had to sit through yet another British movie * that had me scratching my head as to why it received a single penny . Some people may claim that because DEAD BABIES is based upon a highly regarded novel it has an in built market but both THIS FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS were also adapted from novels and they were an ordeal to sit through as well < br /><br />I had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they 're stalked by an internet cult but to be honest this is n't really how the story unravels and anyone expecting Friday THE 13TH meets THE SHINING is going to be bitterly disappointed since 90 - 95 % of the running time is taken up with said characters taking drugs and discussing sex . And what hateful characters they are too . Not one of them is likable in any way and within minutes you 'll be getting nostalgic for Stalin , Mao and Pol Pot hoping that next time someone embarks on communist democide they 'll be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia . Anything that will signal the end of such decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark upon can only be welcomed < br /><br />Not content with giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fail to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting all clever and arty . No doubt that is to impress us so we will fall upon our knees and cry " Oh my god , what a wonderful director the way he bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless pleb will fail to appreciate what a god given talent this man is " . I 'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed " How come my projects got turned down while crap like this did n't ? " or " WTF was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about ? " You might defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the film unwatchable . I will agree that this movie is unwatchable < br /><br / > * I know the IMDb classes this as an American movie but the style and faults with DEAD BABIES is uniquely British . Americans might think they 've got things tough with Bush but we 've got Tony Blair , not to mention DEAD BABIES , MAD COWS and THIS FILTHY EARTH . No wonder everyone is ashamed to be British in the 21st century
0 I had the pleasure of viewing this movie early and I have to say I thought that it was going to be boring and wondered how could they ever improve upon the 1984 version of Bachelor Party starring Tom Hanks , which I thought was pretty good ... I was right ... In all honesty I thought it could have been better ... Sure there were some funny moments but it just did n't seem to hit the mark with me ... The acting was OK and the storyline pretty well follows the original but I think it could have been so much better ... This movie I 'd say is for teens and the young of heart ; full of female bodies , alcohol and sex ... It 's just another typical run of the mill party movie that has been done over and over again . 4/10 is my vote for this one .
0 I wonder how much this movie actually has got to do with the 1984 movie " Bachelor Party " , starring Tom Hanks . Is this movie even an official sequel ? This movie is lacking in every department and you 're obviously better off not watching it.<br /><br />For a comedy this movie simply is n't good or funny enough . It relies mostly on the character 's their stereotypical assessments , rather then the movie actually features some good , original and funny moments.<br /><br />Of course there also is very little story present and the movie nude breast than script pages . You just keep waiting for things to finally start off . There is a main plot line in it somewhere but that one is so terribly unoriginal and gets executed so poorly in the movie that it feels more as if it 's something non - existent . I guess there even is a message and moral story in it somewhere but this again is so terribly unoriginal and poorly done in the movie that it simply does not work out.<br /><br />It 's basically a typical teenage comedy , with lots of sex jokes and nudity , only without the teenage main characters , which makes the story all the more sad and tasteless . The movie makes some really wrong jokes , that are misplaced for any type of movie.<br /><br />I regret ever watching this.<br /><br />3/10
0 Now I recently had the viewing pleasure to watch the hilarious comedy Bachelor Party , one of my new favorite comedies , laughed until it just hurt type of movies . So I naturally wanted to see the sequel , hoping it would have the same laughs , but instead Bachelor Party 2 : The Last Temptation is made by the American Pie generation where it 's tasteless and defeats the hole purpose of the first film . Yeah , the first film has nudity , but it does n't show in every single scene . Also the plot is exactly the same from the first , it 's not always a complaint with me , but this could have been a little more original . The only thing is that I 'm glad that at least no old actors from the original appear in this movie , because it would have been cheesy or really silly looking.<br /><br />Ron and Melinda are engaged , after only 2 months of dating , everyone is against it . Melinda has a rich family , but they 're pretty happy with Ron , and Melinda 's brother , Todd is scared that Ron will take his job . So they go out on a weekend to Miami for a bachelor party and Todd is going to make sure that he 'll trap Ron into a picture that will make Melinda change her mind about the marriage.<br /><br />Bachelor Party 2 : The Last Temptation has a couple laughs here and there , but over all fails to deliver what the first film accomplished . These guys , Ron 's friends , were more obnoxious than likable , except for Seth , he was kinda funny . The only likable characters other than Seth is Ron and Melinda , everyone else just more or less gets on your nerves . You wanna watch this film ? Just watch Girls Gone Wild , it 's the same thing only it does n't try to pretend that it 's a film . Stick to the original Bachelor Party , that 's the movie that 's going to get you in tears of laughter.<br /><br />3/10
0 Recap : Ron is about to marry Mel . They are deeply and love and certain they are perfect for each other even though they met just a few months ago . Todd , Ron 's brother in law to be is not so happy . He is afraid the marriage is a threat to his cushy job in the family business and decides to arrange Ron 's bachelor party . But his real plan is to put Ron in a compromising situation , get evidence and break Ron and Mel up.<br /><br />Comments : Supposed to be a sequel to a comedy classic but it is n't funny at all . It is mostly a pubertal show and a juvenile excuse to show scantily clad women . Actually , in a way , it is almost impressive have many you can put in there , because they are everywhere . Unfortunately that is also one of the signs of a movie that ca n't support itself . It simply is n't good enough.<br /><br />It has three redeeming points though , or actually three actors that is worth a better script than this . It is lead actor Josh Cooke who actually manages to give an impression of some common sense . Sara Foster I know has more talent than to do movies like this , and Emanuelle Vaugier seem to have a lot more talent than this movie.<br /><br />What is suspiciously absent are good jokes . Actually , bad jokes are rather scarce too . It just is n't funny.<br /><br />3/10
0 This is the most cliche ridden and worst romantic comedy I have ever seen . Every scene is cringe worthy and the two lead actors - Corey and Danny are soo annoying . Corey is very dumb and naive and should have never listened to Danny 's false promises.<br /><br />Neve Campbell and the killer from Urban Legend are the only redeeming qualities in this poor attempt of a film . Danny ( Dean Paras ) looks in his late thirties and the girl he 's trying to bed - Corey looks as if she 's still in college.<br /><br />Here in Australia , this film is called Too Smooth ; there is nothing smooth about this film at all . 1/10 Avoid
0 Having read many of the comments here , I 'm surprised that no one has recognized this as basically an overlong remake of a Twilight Zone episode from 1960 called " Mirror Image , " starring Vera Miles . Rod Serling did a much better job of creating an effective spooky tale in 24 minutes than Sean Ellis did in 88 minutes with this tedious snooze . A short piece can be effective with a mysterious and unexplained ending , but in a feature film , there should be a bit more substance and the story should make sense . Sadly , substance and sense are two things missing from " The Broken . " Yes , it has some moments , but they are not enough to justify your time . Some further observations : although this is clearly a contemporary story , not one character in the movie has a cellphone ! And even though a car accident is the event that gets the story going , there is never any reference to an insurance company , to the person who was driving the other car , or to the police who would have been required to do a report . My advice : skip this bore and watch the original instead !
0 I read about this movie in a magazine and I was intrigued . A woman , who one day sees herself drive past in her own car . Well , I thought , this could be interesting ... <br /><br /> ... but it is n't . First , the title . The Broken ? The Broken ... what ? What is broken ? The ... oh , wait ... I get it , the title itself is " broken " ! WOW , clever ! Unfortunately , this is virtually the only thing going for it.<br /><br />The premise is not that bad , but I think Kiefer Suderland did much better in ' Mirrors ' . A cross between Invasion of the Body Snatchers and Mirrors , and a rather mediocre one at that . A more suited title would be ' The Boring ' , since it draws out every single scene for bloody ages . Or maybe ' The Confusing ' since it does n't explain anything at all , not in the narrative nor in the story itself , only some vague idea about evil copies and somesuch , dotted with cheap scares and scenes used to death , but nothing tangible . It 's just messed up.<br /><br />On the other hand , the acting and the special effects are quite good , but then again , it 's not a difficult role to act.<br /><br />After watching the movie twice , I still feel unsatisfied , a little confused maybe , and not in the E. A. Poe or Stephen King kind of way . Do yourself a favor , and do n't watch this one . Simply put , there are better thrillers out there .
0 This film is pure , distilled , unadulterated boredom . I knew nothing of it before I entered the dark room , took my seat . I was seduced by the " mysterious and suspenseful " blurb on the poster I suppose . Also , Lena Headey is nice and unconventionally sexy , and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy to have around , so the cast seemed reasonable . It may have been his name above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of whatever else was on . I should 've gone to see Valkyrie for the second time instead.<br /><br />The thin plot revolves around Headley 's Gina McVey , her boyfriend , her father , her sister and her sister 's husband who for some reason are being stalked , in a very louche and unenthusiastic manner , by their evil doppelgangers who emerge from mirrors that mysteriously smash . There could be a great film behind this idea ( not exactly an original idea , mind you , but still ... ) and in fact , if the filmmakers had shorn away all the supporting cast and simply stuck to Headey 's character 's story , The Broken could 've made a reasonable 20-minute short . As it is , it is desperately unmotivated and boring , and terribly inconsistent.<br /><br />For instance , in one scene , a mirror smashes on its own in a room housing all the main characters ; they look puzzled but quickly forget about it . In another scene , a mirror smashes in an empty room , and a doppelganger is visible as she " steps out " of the shards left hanging on the wall . So why did the first mirror smash if no creepy crawly was to come crawling out ? Just for a little thrill ? There are far too many scenes of the characters in the dimly - lit London flats , peering around corners cos they thought they heard something , but seeing nothing there and moving on . We begin to wonder , why does n't this malevolent doppelgang actually ever want to try to scare them ? Scare the characters and you have a chance of scaring the audience . But we , the audience , will need to start threatening each other , in the darkness of the theater , if we want to have any thrills during The Broken . By the way , once we 've spent time with these evil doubles , we are totally bemused as to why anyone should be expected to be frightened of them - they just stand around , blank looks on their faces , perhaps totally harmless after killing their others.<br /><br />There are some nice moods and touches throughout , and I dare say director Sean Ellis could fashion a genuinely stylish and suspenseful mystery movie if he was to hire an imaginative screenwriter next time .
0 Horror movie??really ? ? ? ? i ca nt believe how bad this movie was , what the point of this movie ? ? ? the movie almost 1h and 30 min and the first 70 minutes of it , is just lena walking around with this stupid look on her face after she had an accident .... not much talking at all , not even much actions at all .. i have to say tho , the last 20 minuets it got little tiny action .. and was still stupid ....... and the end oh my god , i do n't know where to begin , it also end up with this stupid look on lena face lol .. do n't get me wrong i love Lena Headey , i think she is great actress , but i do n't know what got into her to do this movie .. do n't waste your time and watching it , because this movie has no story , has no acting .. and has no point ... not to mention how slow this movie goes and it feels like you been watching it forever .
0 I liked the initial premise to this film which is what led me to hunt it out but the problem I quickly found is that one pretty much knows what 's going to happen within the first 20 - 30 minutes ( the doubles will come from behind the mirror and take over everybody).<br /><br />There is no real twist ( which is fine ) , but the final reveal does n't make a great deal of sense either ( how can she be racked with uncertainty and fear for the whole film , if she 's an evil i d from beyond the mirror?).<br /><br />Admittedly the scenes ' beyond the mirror ' were chilling when they first appeared and the blonde 's murder is also effectively creepy , but ultimately alas this seems to be a film in search of a story or a more engaging script , piling atmosphere upon atmosphere and over the top scary sound design for 80 - 90 minutes does not really cut it , in fact it gets quite dull .
0 What an incredible fall for Sean Ellis.<br /><br />You gather a bunch of your friends at home , all hyped about the follow up work of Sean Ellis . You have an vague idea of the plot , no spoilers that could kill the fun , very high expectations.<br /><br />It is late at night , perfect atmosphere for a movie of this type.<br /><br />15minutes passes and you start telling yourself it is bound to pick up , at 25mins you start wondering if you should just go to sleep and save this for another time when you can fully appreciate the expected not existent subtle touches . Over the half hour mark you realize half of your your hyped up audience is already asleep and call it a day.<br /><br />A few days later when you exhaust all other material to watch you go back to this , in the middle of the day this time , hoping your mood will keep you awake this time . 10 minutes later you find yourself fastforwarding the unbelievably and needlessly long intermediate transitions and images . Any other stuff I would have given up already but there is cashback and its legacy . But that legacy can only carry you so long , this is a new level of boring movie - making , imagine a short story extended to a novel with just descriptions , this is what it is.<br /><br />Decent cast is wasted , there is no cinematography that leaves you in awe like cashback either . There are films that annoy you , there are films that lack certain aspects , or just cheesy , unfortunately this is just a waste of time.<br /><br />Final words , stay away .
0 If the myth regarding broken mirrors would be accurate , everybody involved in this production would now face approximately 170 years of bad luck , because there are a lot of mirrors falling to little pieces here . If only the script was as shattering as the glass , then " The Broken " would have been a brilliant film . Now it 's sadly just an overlong , derivative and dull movie with only just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences . Sean Ellis made a very stylish and elegantly photographed movie , but the story is lackluster and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating . I got into a discussion with a friend regarding the basic concept and " meaning " of the film . He thinks Ellis found inspiration in an old legend claiming that spotting your doppelganger is a foreboding of how you 're going to die . Interesting theory , but I 'm not familiar with this legend and could n't find anything on the Internet about this , neither . Personally , I just think " The Broken " is yet another umpteenth variation on the theme of " Invasion of the Body Snatchers " but without the alien interference . " The Broken " centers on the American McVey family living in London , and particularly Gina . When a mirror spontaneously breaks during a birthday celebration , this triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events . Gina spots herself driving by in a car and follows her mirror image to an apartment building . Whilst driving home in a state of mental confusion , she causes a terrible car accident and ends up in the hospital . When dismissed , Gina feels like her whole surrounding is changing . She does n't recognize her own boyfriend anymore and uncanny fragments of the accident keep flashing before her eyes . Does she suffer from mental traumas invoked by the accident or is there really a supernatural conspiracy happening all around her ? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspense in his script , but unfortunately he fails to properly elaborate them . " The Broken " is a truly atmospheric and stylish effort , but only after just half an hour of film , you come to the painful conclusion it shall just remain a beautiful but empty package . There 's a frustratingly high amount of " fake " suspense in this film . This means building up tension , through ominous music and eerie camera angels , when absolutely nothing has even happened so far . By the time the actually mysteriousness kicks in , these tricks do n't have any scary effect on you anymore . Some of my fellow reviewers around here compare the film and particularly Sean Ellis ' style with the repertoires of David Lynch , Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock , but that is way , way   WAY too much honor . PS : what is up with that alternate spelling ; the one with the Scandinavian " ø "
0 I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I have watched zillions of movies and I can tell clearly what an intellectual movie with a mind - teasing message should look like . Definitely , The Broken is not one of those movies . I have to admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to lead to and despite the explanations I 've read in prior comments , they seemed only an exaggeration just to have one self in the intellectual league of people . the photo on the cover clearly shows that the Broken is the broken upper piece of the face which normally contains the brain . It 's a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest will be deformed and lifeless . So , you start waiting on the movie characters to show their defected sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before . Though we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware he has enemies but still this is not a very strong clue . Had the clues been planted more in the movie , one would have said about that it is a masterpiece indeed . But though the movie was so slow in pace , it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scenes at all . And the reuniting of the evil dad with the evil Gena at the end is a strong refuting evidence of the existential messages that some people spoke about in other comments . Furthermore , if Gena truly lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end , then how come she is the evil one ? I bet I can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion : This movie is a pretentious one and a waste of time . Obviously it shows someone trying to make out of a meaningless mystery something which is of no value at all . I am a huge fan of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies . Horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages ! They 're supposed to uncover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it which is the truest , I guess . Horror movies should have blood , screams , intensity , skeletons , body organs and parts . Because that is the real horror and it 's never away from reality . I have watched almost all horror movies and I can prove that each one of them can be as real as the sunrising . Nothing is unreal as long as the mind had thought of . For instance , the horror movie " Train " with all the slashing and tensity of it and its similarity almost in everything with " Hostel " , it speaks about a very real thing which is selling body organs illegally by abducting people in foreign places where no one would ask or search for them.<br /><br />And even if we considered the Broken a movie that has an existential message , it is still very poorly presented and the least scary . I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a Dream which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction whether for sex , TV , safety / being pampered , etc ... can be so destructive and it scared the hell out of me . And those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial , are usually just bunch of people who get scared easily and simply do n't like this genre but this does n't mean that there are fans of such movies and that they have a lot to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoils , ecstasy , leadership lessons ( believe it or not ! ) , entertainment to most importantly the face to face interview with the essence of life , as ugly and scary as it may seems , Death !
0 Have you ever had a cool image in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in a movie : Like seeing a detective peeking through the cracks of a broken fence of some abandoned house ? Or seeing a woman walking down a street looking cold and intense and awfully alert ? Yeah . Imagine stretching that image to a whole movie , you pretty much got the idea of Broken , though there 's no detectives in this movie , I 'm just using it as a visual example . But , the intense looking woman is here and she filled pretty much 99 % of the screen time . I got nothing to complain about that woman , she 's a perfect choice for this role.<br /><br />I consider myself a very open minded individual who can find enjoyment out of all kinds of artistic expressions and I can truly enjoy some really moody stuff . It would be really cool if I can frame one of the scene from this movie and hang it on the wall . Let 's be honest here , the acting is superb . Some of the expressions on the actors face are what keep me watching.<br /><br />Now onto the problem of this movie . Beyond the mood , there 's not much anything else here . The director basically took an obsession of an idea and ran it far beyond what it was worth . I do n't consider it to be a spoiler if I say the obsession is " mirror " . Let 's face it , this singular idea is all over the bloody place and that 's all the director got to work with . Granted , there are a few twist and turn here and there . If you paid any attention , nothing is going to surprise you in the end , obvious plot holes aside.<br /><br />Now , I 'm not picking bones with this style of art since I enjoyed them most of the time . I still believe that we should judge an art base on the medium it uses to express whatever the artists want to express . Movie is not a piece of music , or a picture , or a painting , or even a poem , and certainly not just a cool image in your mind . It 's all that plus a good story and character development . I consider the Lynch style of movie making cheating . It is irresponsible and cheap and a waste of the medium . We gave movies 2 hours running film time for a good reason . Therefore , we should judge it differently than judging a single frame of imagery such as a photograph or a painting.<br /><br />This movie is not completely Lynch style , thank goodness . It has a linear development and eventually came to a conclusion . It does not have much story or character development . It presented itself rather seriously with characters composed of common folks , thus distance itself from other fantasy stuff at least from the surface . It does not offer any explanation of the fantasy element nor did it ever attempt to build a coherent world around it . The oddity came from nowhere and seems rather isolated and accidental . Maybe the coherency remains in director 's head but from what I can see he did not put much effort into realizing it on the screen.<br /><br />Where did he put his effort in then ? It seems that he spent a lot of effort in building the mood and enhancing it with the music . The music often built up tension which eventually turn into a tease . Only in the later part of the movie the scare and tension materialized.<br /><br />In the end , I felt like : OK , I know what you are trying to say here but is that the point you are trying to make by spending two hours building up all these tension ? It is rather irrelevant with who the characters are and what kind of life they have . And we are given very little about who the characters are . All we have is this circumstance that just took placed . Disappointing but I guess the director did not have much material to work with and it shows .
0 No,<br /><br />Basically your watching something that does n't make sense . To not spoil the film for people who actually want to this take a look at the flick I will explain the story.<br /><br />A normal everyday to day women , is walking down a street then find 's herself driving by in her own car . She follows her and many events take place during that time that include her and her family.<br /><br />I specifically made an account to comment on this film , of how horribly written this was . The acting was great , the events were great , but the story just brought it nowhere - it could of been added to tremendously and be made into a worldwide epidemic . I 'm not sure what the writer was trying to accomplish by making this , usually at the end of films most of your questions get answers but this film has you asking , What just happened and 1 hour 20 minutes just passed for nothing.<br /><br />Spoiler Starts__<br /><br />They had this area between 2 dimensions ( ours and behind the glass ) that would come into our world and kill us . It was not elaborated on all during the film , and you never know how it was happening or why it was or when it happened . Nothing gets explained during the film . The main character should n't of even been the main character . At the end of the film the guy who finally figures it all out and runs away ( her sisters boyfriend ) should of been the main character but sadly the movie ends 20 seconds after . < br /><br />I bought this movie for $ 10 , threw it out right after .. do n't waste your time . I really hope nothing like this is made again .
0 You got ta wonder how some flics ever get made ... this one decided to skip with the why among many other things and just wanders off beyond the moot . < br /><br />And yet you have a number of decent actors doing their best to pump some life into the story . The blue tint throughout the movie overshoots into ' yet again ' , which on its own would be depressing but here it 's overkill . The idea that it 's not a medical condition , not some house or gypsy or trinket curse but just something that for no apparent reason starts to happen to our protagonist and then to everyone else around her , just winds up being much like taking a big swig out of an empty mug . Some doppelgangers have super powers but others do n't or do n't know they do ? It seems they 're just as clueless as we are.<br /><br />It 's a poor man 's rip - off of " Invasion of the Body - Snatchers " with Keifer Sutherland 's " Mirror " and " The Sixth Sense " , were you to seriously botch those three together .
0 this film really tries to hard . if your going to make a horror film , at least give it a reason to believe in to hook the viewer . < br /><br />you wait and wait through the film expecting for some grand explanation but it does n't . instead it tries to be too clever ending and not revealing anything . < br /><br />what was the point of the movie ? where it 's actually going ? and more importantly what the hell was going on . . . < br /><br />why were they there and how does it tie into anything ? just another weak sci - fi horror . i love the fake reviews on IMDb saying how great it is by related press releases to bump the movie ( either that or people have low horizons ) . it 's not worth your 2hrs at all.<br /><br />i'm not saying the film is better than the fragile , but at least that gave you reasoning and why things happened and has an end result . this does n't and it just waffle 's on with tons of padding to make everything feel scary . this film is about as low as when a stranger calls . god that was lame too . < br /><br />big tip , if your gon na make a horror , make it believable with reasoning and explain to the viewer what 's going on , so they have a hook into your story . because if there 's no reasoning or believability then there 's no firm hold on anything and it ca n't be scary . no disrespect to the cast or crew cause they did a good job . it 's just the poor writing .
0 THE BROKEN is part of the After Dark Horrorfest III . Not a slasher or filled with gore . Plenty of broken glass and mirrors in this edgy thriller from France and writer / director Sean Ellis . A successful radiologist Gina McVay(Lena Headly)inters a strange world as her life seems to spiral out of control . While attending her father's(Richard Jenkins)birthday party , the guests are stunned when a mirror crashes to the floor for no obvious reason . Things get really strange when she witnesses a woman that is the spitting image of herself driving down a London street in a car identical to her own . Gina sneaks to her doppelganger 's apartment and finds a photo of herself with her father . She drives away and is involved in a head on collision . Then mysteriously her boyfriend is not the same ; to be exact family and friends are not easy for her to trust . Is Gina beside herself ? Is she in a parallel world ? Her nightmares become more horrific ... is she broken?<br /><br />Kudos if you can figure this one out ... it wo n't be easy . Editing could n't be any tighter . Lighting is questionable . Other players : Melvil Poupard , William Armstrong , Michelle Duncan and Ulrich Thomsen .
0 Very unnecessary movie with characters that are acting so unsympathetically that I really did n't care who would fare the best ( or was that the purpose of the film , to portray some smooth talking cold - hearted New York city folks ? ) No romance here , no comedy either . Acting is very flat and a very predictable plot . What annoyed me the most was this constant joking with quotes from classic movies . Man , ca n't you see that the more you quote , the less significant your own movie becomes ? Try to be original yourself ! A small budget is no excuse at all , first - time director neither . Crappy , crappy , crappy . No wonder it only cost me one buck ...
0 i 'm being generous giving this movie 2 stars . the line about " have you even seen the wizard of oz " was the best part for me ! with terrible writing and acting like displayed in this movie it 's no wonder so many are taken in by worthless tv reality shows . do yourself a favor and get out of the house and hit a royals baseball game , your gon na be glad ya did !
0 This was a cute movie until the ending . The ending was merely one more despicable effort to emasculate men and empower women at their expense . The girl refused to listen to reason and logic and used her passive / aggressive nature to control and impose her will on the guy who ultimately yielded his power and control over the relationship to her . It is not by chance that she was sitting behind the driver 's wheel in the car as they drove away at the end after he had to beg her and plead with her to take him back . This movie is a victory for all women who think they should be in charge of all men and in control of their relationships with them . It was a despicable movie for that reason .
0 That 's a snippet of choice dialogue delivered by the evil , ballbusting lady assistant of a famous scientist to her prim maid just before she lures three incredibly dumb college girls to a mansion for behavior modification experiments . Meanwhile , at the local bar , people drink and dance to lame 80s rock songs . A biker punk has sex with a cycle slut on a pinball table in front of a crowd of people , then tries to rape the scientist 's virginal daughter Jessica ( Debra Hunter ) , who is in love with another biker ( Dale Midkiff , from PET SEMATARY ) , who , in turn , is in cohorts with the assistant ! Back at the house , the sorority bimbos swim , shower , change clothes and have sex with men from the bar . A small silver ball ( part of the experiment ) flies into victims mouths and turns them into drooling , killer zombies!<br /><br />If that is n't enough to entertain you , there 's a hilarious theme song ( " Nightmare Fantasy " ) , roller skating , some serious daisy dukes and a psychic hand puppet ( ! ? ) that warns " DANGER ! DANGER ! " just like the LOST IN SPACE robot and recommends hitchhiking as one of the best ways to pick up men!<br /><br />This filmed - in - Florida mess is so mind - numbingly awful that multiple viewings are recommended to soak it all in . And , hey is n't that NYPD Blue 's Detective Jill Kirkendall turned CNN newscaster Andrea Thompson as one of oft - nude bimbos ? Sure is ! Supposedly this was started in 1982 and new footage was added later for the video release in 1985.<br /><br />Score : 1 out of 10 ( and I mean that in a good way ! )
0 Surely no Saturday morning TV kids ' show was ever done this poorly . After all , those producers had to count on the audience coming back . Well , in this awful offering , they could at least count the money they saved on sets . The script could have been a reject from some long - forgotten space opera serial , with a few smarmy lines added for cool - dude Gerald Mohr to murmur to Naura Hayden . No director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline , so the action just plods boringly along . The spaceship props are absurd -- a Bulova wall clock and portable typewriter , for example -- but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history . Most are crude drawings , and it 's all bathed in an often misfocused red light . Even Mohr 's bare hairy chest is used as a prop . And it 's a bad one -- as rib - thin as the plot . Any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the Martians -- and will probably agree completely !
0 Hopelessly inept and dull movie in which the characters stand around in rooms or a rocket ship and talk endlessly . You might think things would perk up when they explore Mars but these scenes are filmed through a heavy red / orange filter which makes everything very murky . The Martian landscape / vegetation consists mainly of drawings and the monsters are entirely unconvincing . There are echoes of ' Bride Of The Monster ' when the heroine carefully winds the octopus like tentacle of a flesh eating plant around her before weakly thrashing about , the difference being that the Ed Wood film is a hundred times more entertaining . Better wear earplugs when watching otherwise the ' sci - fi ' music score , repeated endlessly , will drive you insane . If you find yourself unable to sleep one night just slip this one into the VCR and your insomnia will be cured in no time .
0 I gave this movie a 2 , and though I consider myself a science fiction fan , I found this movie very difficult to take seriously . It was on AMC one late night , and I 'm glad I saw it for free . This movie is probably good for a few laughs , but not much more.<br /><br />The special effects are about average for the time period - not awful , but not great , either . Of course we know more about Mars now than we did back then , but we really ca n't hold that against this film . The main reason I did not like this movie is because of the story.<br /><br />There were several parts of this movie that I wish would have been explored in a little more detail - the astronaut 's injury / condition , the city on Mars , the creature in the lake , etc . Overall , the movie is much like a lengthy episode of the 1960s version of The Outer Limits - complete with a cheesy ending .
0 The Angry Red Planet ( Quickie Review ) < br /><br />Like " The Man From Planet X , " this is a bizarre science fiction tale culled from an era where fantasy and science fiction were still damn near the same thing . Meaning , we have some highly laughable special effects and rampant pseudo - science masquerading as science fiction . And yes , it 's another " classic " released in a high quality transfer with a crisp picture and sharp sound -- by Midnite Movies.<br /><br />So , the main reason to watch this film ? Oh , it 's definitely the whole time our space crew is on Mars . ( What , you thought " Angry Red Planet " referred to Neptune ? ) Prior to that is some rather poor quality space crew boarding a space ship , inside of which they smoke and toss around sexist chauvinistic banter aimed at the " puny female " member of the crew . It 'd be somewhat offensive by today 's standards if it were n't so damn funny . But Mars is the real reason we 're watching this thing . The film is generally black and white , but Mars , well Mars is screaming bloody red . It 's filmed in this bizarre red plasticy sheen giving the angry red planet quite an interesting look of overexposed redness . It 's really quite a sightas are the ( ha ha ) aliens viewers are to witness . The best being the " ratbatspidercrab . " You think that 's a joke ? That 's what they call it in the movie ! It 's a gigantic chimera ( small puppet ) of a thing combining traits of rats , bats , spiders , and crabs . It bounds along all puppety and scares the sh*t out of our " heroic crew . " There are other weird , and poorly imagined , aliens to be seen , but that one takes the cake . Eventually , after their harrowing experience on Mars , the sexist crew boards their " ship " and returns to whatever planet it was they came from.<br /><br />This ai n't for everyone . Science Fiction film buffs & curiosity seekers , and some general film buffs . Fans of Mystery Science Theater 3000 will have a field day with this one ( if they never got to it on the show).<br /><br />2/10 Modern score , 6/10 Nostalgia score , 4/10 overall.<br /><br />(www . ResidentHazard.com )
0 PLEASE TAKE A MINUTE TO READ MY ENTIRE REVIEW . I AM NOT KNOCKING THE FILM ITSELF - ONLY THE DVD VERSIONS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE.<br /><br />***<br /><br />I really wanted to give this film even two stars . I mean how could it possibly rank a mere 1 out of 10!?!<br /><br />Here 's how : An epic film adaptation of Tolstoy 's novel " War and Peace " with historically accurate battle scenes , courtesy of the Red Army , and an extremely faithful , scene - for - scene adaptation of the novel would be difficult but worth sitting through for seven hours - if that 's what you were seeing.<br /><br />The trouble is you ca n't see that film - anywhere as far as I know.<br /><br />I am attempting to watch the RusCiCo DVD version - widely considered the best version available since it 's letter boxed and restores the scenes that were cut from other DVD releases . < br /><br />But , it is one of the worst film prints I 've ever seen transfered to DVD . The picture is muddy and inconsistent , often strobing . It 's almost tolerable if you crank your brightness , color and picture levels up to maximum .... but the problem does n't end there.<br /><br />The sound is also way inconsistent , blaringly loud in parts , virtually inaudible in others . < br /><br />And as for languages , it 's a HUGE problem for English speakers - the dubbed option has some good actors , and some really terrible ones whose performance grates , and parts of the film just are n't dubbed at all , slipping back into Russian and even French randomly.<br /><br />The subtitled option is n't much better . The subtitles do n't appear below the image , but right over it - obscuring some of the beauty ( or what 's left of it ) in the scenery . Furthermore , the subtitles are often a poor translation ( a shame given that the script took pains to hew so close to Tolstoy 's actual words ) , and the subtitles too seem to just drop out in parts . < br /><br />So , even if you max out the color , brightness and picture settings , and turn the volume way up , and choose subtitled * and * English dubbed , you 're still going to get a film that 's annoying to watch and listen to.<br /><br />Can it 's content overcome that ? It might have been able to , but at seven hours - who can stand it for that long?<br /><br />Maybe someday , someone will come along and restore this - and maybe then I will see a masterpiece - but for now , I just ca n't give more than one star to something I 've only been able to stand watching about the first 12 % of .
0 This is not a commentary on the actual movie , but on the RUSCICO DVD release for North America . I do n't know if there have been different releases and updates , but the disks we rented had a 2000 copyright on them , if that means anything . Anyway , the sound mixing on these DVD 's was absolutely horrible . The levels often yo - yo - ed up and down ; when the scene cut to a battlefield panorama , the orchestral track would thunder so loudly that I did n't know which would blow out first -- my eardrums or my speakers . When it was time for dialog , the volume would usually drop to something barely audible . Occasionally , the orchestra and Foley - work would stay loud while the dialog was superimposed at a much lesser level . My wife and I found that the only way we could watch this movie at all from these DVD 's was if one of us kept a hand on the remote to continuously modulate the volume . And , like another user has already commented , when we selected English audio the dialog kept switching back and forth between Russian and English ; and occasionally when the characters spoke in French on the native track the dubbing was in Russian , so you 're SOL if you understand neither . Ultimately , we gave up watching after the first disk . Before you fork out $ 50 + for this movie on DVD for your own library , I 'd heartily recommend getting your hands on a rental copy to see whether you can really enjoy this epic flick when burdened by such bad sound , particularly if you 've never read the book and really want to understand the storyline .
0 I 'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake , as I was unable to watch all of it . Perhaps if I 'd seen it in a theater , in its original presentation , I might have appreciated it , but it 's far too slow - moving for me.<br /><br />I read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory . This did not help the film , as it 's something less than vivid and clear in its presentation of events.<br /><br />This is really four linked films , or a film in four parts , and was , I believe , intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation . I found Part I to be enjoyable enough , but it was all I could do to sit through Part II , which drags interminably . Reading Tolstoy 's philosophizing is one thing . If you get a good translation or can read it in the original , his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story . On film , however , it 's hard to reproduce without being ponderous.<br /><br />I have other issues with the parts of the film that I saw . It 's very splashy , with a lot of hey - ma - look - at - this camera work that calls attention to itself , instead of serving to advance the story.<br /><br />Clearly , I 'm missing something , but I just could n't summon the enthusiasm to crank up parts III and IV .
0 While Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project , he was still a novice director with only a single pictures , a successful adaptation of a short WWII story , to his name . Bondarchuk of course had already been an established acting star for a decade but thespian skills mean little behind the camera , and as a director he was woefully unprepared to undertake a production of such scale . And it shows through muddled shot compositions especially apparent in group scenes , often unfortunate camera positions , performances of wildly varying quality for the director was apparently so overwhelmed by the sheer magnitude of the task actors were apparently left to their own devices , awkward voiceovers that sound like radio broadcast announcements.<br /><br />Vidor 's " War and Peace " was probably the main reason that prompted the Soviet government to spare no expense on this production . The USSR release of the Vidor 's picture made quite a splash . Certainly , Bondarchuk wanted to emulate the greatest strength of the Hollywood film and find his own Audrey . His final choice , Lyudmila Savelyeva , a big - eyed sprightly dark - haired thing indeed somewhat resembles Hepburn . Unfortunately she was a Kirov ballet dancer without neither acting experience nor talent , so unsurprisingly the most kind word that I can find to describe her performance is " awful".<br /><br />Though it might be expected that Soviet actors , speaking the same language as Tolstoy 's characters , would have better understanding of them than foreigners but this War and Peace often proves that not to be the case . The revolutionary upheaval swept away the thin upper layer of Russian cultural soil , that the world of War and Peace grown out of , so a good share of these big name Soviet actors involved in this production often look as clueless as Americans performing Shakespeare ( I do n't mean of course that American actors ca n't possibly play Shakespeare credibly , but you 'll know what I mean if you witnessed American members of the cast in Branagh 's adaptations ) . Of the three main characters only Bondarchuk 's Pierre is commendable , but even he was too old for the part and feels out of place in the early going .
0 Filmed in a documentary style , but you can pretty well tell participants had been coached . A recently divorced wannabe film maker(Myles Berkowitz)sees a chance to liven up his love life and step into the movie biz at the same time . He intends to make a documentary piece about finding love by filming twenty dates including ramifications . The comedy is spotty at best ; the rest is mishap after mishap . Also taking part are Richard Arlook , Robert McKee and the enticing Elisabeth Wagner . Trying for credibility the fetching Tia Carrere is talked into a cameo . This will suffice as a handbook on how NOT to get a satisfactory date .
0 The movie is pretty funny and involving for about four dates , then it becomes a blatant commercial for some guy you ( and even his " friends " ) really ca n't stand . It is a pretty interesting concept ; film dates on a quest to find true love in modern LA . The problem is that it feels incredibly ( and badly ) scripted at times and blatantly self - promoting . It is difficult to care about and be drawn into any of the characters because the writer / actor is so egotistical , uncool , untrue , and simply unlikeable . You end up feeling sorry for his dates .
0 I went to a screening of this movie and while it had a couple moments that made me laugh , it had some very major flaws . It first of all presents itself to be the humorous exploits of a real - life divorcee trying to find love in LA . What it morphs into is a depressing , narcissistic , and unfunny romp through the history of the film director 's love life and professional life . Jokes wear thin quickly and you find yourself suddenly not caring how this man 's dates progress . The ridiculousness is that the director simultaneously presents himself as an extremely annoying and heavily flawed character and then expects us to be concerned .
0 .... ripoff of a dozen better films . Particularly Steven Martin 's " LA Story " , which at least had the grace to be obviously fictional even though it starred his then - girlfriend playing his girlfriend in the film.<br /><br />Yes , naive boys and girls , " 20 Dates " IS a mockumentary , although I am not absolutely certain that was Myles Berkowitz 's intent when he started . My impression is that he started the project semi - seriously , then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situations more and more ridiculous . As a result , the whole thing has an uneasy , cheap and insincere feeling about it.<br /><br />As someone smartly pointed out , the film has two of the " dates " suing and putting restraining orders on Myles and yet they appear in the film , which would be impossible as it would require a consent form . It also appears to me that the majority of women who appear as " the dates " are professional actresses ( albiet not famous ones , excepting Tina Carrere ) -- they are simply too obviously pretty , polished , thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians.<br /><br />Mr . Berkowitz makes a classic error in only casting this kind of very pretty thin actress , instead of utilizing a variety of believable women , which might have made the premise ( even in a mockumentary ) more believable and funnier . He also skates over what is probably his real - world problem , and which is that both the movie character and the real world Myles Berkowitz appear to be functionally unemployed ( his real life IMDb credits are practically non - existent , excepting this film ) . Even in the world of the movie , his ex - wife divorced him for never being employed . I think the viewer ( let alone Mr. Berkowitz 's real life dates ) are deserving of an explanation of he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US , in a luxury apartment , driving a fancy car and eating out at pricey restaurants when he does n't seen to have any source of income whatsoever . ( Is he drug dealer ? Living off his rich parents ? No clue!)<br /><br />You can get away with most anything in a film , if the jokes are really funny . " 20 Dates " is painfully , embarrassingly UN - funny . Mr. Berkowitz 's idea of a joke is to have his character , while on restaurant dates , announce to his companions how the food served is likely to give him either diarrhea or constipation -- the WORST kind of childish potty humor.<br /><br />It is not very surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never made a film before " 20 Dates " and in the last 8 years , has not made a single film , appeared as an actor in anyone else 's film OR had a writing or producing credit of any kind . My gut instinct tells me that this film was not financed by " Elie " ( the gangster money man who appears off - camera ) but more likely by Mr. Berkowitz 's affluent parents , or perhaps represents a shocking abuse of credit cards . Whichever it was , we can all rest easy that we are unlikely to have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts EVER AGAIN . Hallelujah ! ! !
0 This is not a boring movie , the audience might stay on its chair fascinated by this selfish character , Miles Berkowitz , both film - maker and actor here . The storyline is simple : after a divorce and ten years of a hollywoodian non - career , the author plays is quest for love in front of the camera . The first question is about how true is all that : what is written , what came by chance ? Both answers , " yes " or " no " portrays M.Berkowitz as a low average human beeing . If you look for a self - fiction about love like this one , I recommand you to read some independant comic books : Chester Brown , Joe Matt ... <br /><br />Beside of this , I felt quite disappointed to hear so much against my country , France . I know american people usually say that the french are arrogant ( that might be true then ) , etc . , and for sure the french ( and the whole world ) have lots of griefs against america , but why so much hate ? Do n't think I could n't like this movie only because of that anyhow .
0 The film attempts to be a mockumentary -- shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts -- but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary . Also , the film purports to be about finding real love in Los Angeles , but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first " big movie . "
0 I would rather have 20 root canals than go through this film again . The Prince of Annoying , Myles Berkowitz , has wasted nearly two hours of my life with this piece of cynical pseudo - cool . The only amusing thing in this whole mess is Mr. Samaha 's obnoxious off camera patter about tits and ass . Berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds it into the dust . It is choppy and badly done , in an apparent effort to make it seem edgy or funny . It is neither . I seldom feel that a movie was a waste of film ( or tape ) , but this one qualifies for that distinction . If a date suggests seeing this film , run .
0 With no affinity towards any type of filmmaking , and a healthy appreciation of documentaries , I can honestly say I was angry at myself for bothering to sit through the entire length of " 20 Dates " . I wo n't waste your time with the plot , you may read other reviews . I will say though that Berkowitz 's hyper , Woody Allen - style narration was extremely annoying . You either wished he 'd lay off the coffee or ingest some tranquilizers . And it 's potentially apparent to Berkowitz himself that this film was a bad idea , as parts of it details his trials to finance the documentary . Forgive me for disguising insults as compliments , but I 'll give credit to Berkowitz for having the skills to convince some idiot to finance this horrid piece of * * * * . I appreciate the boundaries & intentions of the film here , but even when regarding the standards Berkowitz sets for himself , he fires off and misses on all levels . In closing , I 'm sure many of these female companions were not at ease going on a date with a twitchy wanna - be filmmaker , and therefore I question the film 's sense of authenticity . Hey Myles , I loved your film the first time I saw it ... when it appeared as an episode of Seinfeld or was a film directed by Woody Allen or Kevin Smith .
0 No likeable characters ( the lead is a combination of the WORST of Woody Allen / Paul Provensa / Reiser ) and the contrived scenes ( did anyone REALLY think thiat kid on the rollerblades was NOT going to knock the guy down ? ) were just sickeningly bad.<br /><br / >
0 < br /><br />However , the ladies of all ages will lap it up , no doubt ; at least the opposite sex understand what it is to be a mother , and most of us men try to fathom out what it is to be a father . Whether changing nappies is not at all my favourite occupation and trying to get those bottled baby - foodstuffs into errant toothless mouths must rank very high on household duties preferably left to its mother , has absolutely nothing to do with the matter.<br /><br />Some good interpretations here , and a good story idea ; the handling of the matter , limited to rather scanty TV - production concepts , gives the film a rather over - mellowy taste with not much new to offer . An insipid way of delivering the goods , and in the end the outcome is so forseeable during the last 20 minutes or so , even my wife dozed off , and I was jumping up to the computer to get the on - line scoring in the Barcelona - Deportivo match , hoping the away team would do something rather good . They did . This film did not.<br /><br />Better by far is Mike Leigh 's magnificent " Secrets and Lies " ( qv ) which touches on the same subject matter , but with Brenda Blethyn playing a far superior part .
0 Sean Bean is great , as are the photography , locations and costumes . However , the plot is somewhat muddled , and the conclusion flat . The plot has been SUBSTANTIALLY altered from Cornwell 's novel , and not to the better . Unfortunately , this adventure is much better read than watched . Sharpe was too narrowly drawn here , in contrast with his literary alter ego , who seems more intelligent and determined despite his apprehension in his new role as an officer promoted from the ranks . I really enjoyed the brief scene in which Sharpe is tripped by a " real " officer , and after a quick pause and piercing stare , pushes the surprised and cowed officer right back . It sets the tone for his later trials as a commanding officer.<br /><br />Rating : " 4 " of " 10 . "
0 This is a rip off of the old Frankenstein premise . An acclaimed scientist is killed in a freakish accident and his father , a noted brain surgeon saves the brain . It is then put into a robotic body of his own design . His brother , an electrical genius , gives the ' colossus ' impetus to transfer thoughts into motion . The whole project goes bad , when the creation goes berserk.<br /><br />Special effects are undeveloped . The script is lacking . And it is humorous that this is not scary a bit . Well , very small kids will think this is good . If you are wide awake at three in the morning and this comes on .... night , night.<br /><br />The lead characters are played by Otto Kruger , John Baragrey and Ross Martin . Ed Wolff played the ' Colossus ' .
0 You know this is gon na be a cheesy movie when:<br /><br />1 . It was made it the 50 's 2 . It 's in black and white . 3 . It has no name actors ! 4 . Screaming makes up for the lack of special effects!<br /><br />Well not to be outdone - this movie brilliantly incorporated all four of the above elements to turn this into a true cinematic blunder.<br /><br />Okay - shhhhh but I am gon na discuss special effects here - or lack of them - < br /><br />Did you catch the underwater scenes ? It looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium - note the cape flapping in the breeze.<br /><br />And the repeated re - use of Stock Footage , ( exterior house shots , the bridges scenes -- great enhanced the K - R - A - F - Tiness of this film - not since " PLAN 9 " - have I seen such creative usage of stock footage.<br /><br />And hey where there was a lack of special effects - not to worry - screaming DOES take the place of special effects in this movie as well . Yes this movie even cleverly used that old hack trick.<br /><br />Grab the popcorn - set your brain on stun ( several fermented beverages DEFINITELY helps ) , sit back , and wonder : why the heck did they put this on film again?<br /><br />Wayno < br /><br / >
0 Unless you are geeky film student who has to see everything , this film will not only be a waste of your time and money and a huge disappointment , but it will also make you angry beyond belief.<br /><br />There might be a story worth telling somewhere inside , but Hopkins decided to hide it and encode under so many incessant chaotic layers of apparently random audio video microcuts , making the viewer 's patience run thin after a very short while.<br /><br />Why would someone like Hopkins choose such a heavy , most difficult and highly unstable project as his first script , first score and third film can by anyones guess . Maybe he played with it in his mind for such a long time until it became unrecognizable as what it became , not even for himself . The result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result.<br /><br />Even the weirdest Carpenter and Lynch films , to name just two uncoventional filmmakers , had 90 % more coherence , 95 % less characters and 99 % more story flow.<br /><br />Sir Anthony you aimed for the stars , but unfortunately missed by a couple of light years . Please stick to acting , in that department you are a unequaled giant and nobody should ask more from you , not even yourself !
0 A confused mess from start to finish . Like they used to say about the Beatles'songs , there was a secret message if you played the LP backward . If one had the patience to watch this films scenes from finish to start , you 'd come away with the same degree of disappointment.<br /><br />Apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashbacks and false starts , the clearest characters were the movie backers , out for revenge if the movie did n't get sorted . There was nothing to like about these two either . Overacting , shouting and threats were delivered in comic book fashion . I think one dimensional was an overstatement.<br /><br />Okay , so maybe the artsy types are rolling their eyes reveling in the fact that unlike them , we plebeians just did n't get it . Well I 'm afraid there was nothing to get . And the two cardinal sins of any bad movie carried from start to finish . A non - existent and pathetic story line if you want to call it that , and by far the worst , not a single character you cared about in the least .
0 Why did I waste 1.5 hours of my life watching this ? Why was this film even made ? Why am I even commenting on this film?<br /><br />One reviewer said this film took patience to watch and it was n't for everybody . I can not figure out who this movie is for . maybe after dropping a hit of acid , SOMEBODY , SOMEWHERE could watch this and make some sense out of it . It is incoherent , it is n't experimental , it 's plain and simple garbage . The film follows no plot line whatsoever , just when you think you have something , well ..... you do n't . < br /><br />I think the ending brought some finality to the film ( no pun intended ) , the viewer gets a glimpse of what might have been going on . I do n't think I put a spoiler in here , not that it would matter . This film is another must miss in the world of filmdom .
0 What Hopkins does succeed at with this effort as writer and director is giving us a sense that we know absolutely no one in the film . However , perhaps therein lies the problem . His movie has a lot of ambition and his intentions were obviously complex and drawn from very deep within , but it 's so impersonal . There are no characters . We never know who anyone is , thus there is no investment on our part.<br /><br />It could be about a screenwriter intermingle with his own characters . Is it ? Maybe . By that I do n't mean that Slipstream is ambiguous ; I mean that there is no telling . Hopkins 's film is an experiment . On the face of it , one could make the case that it is about a would - be screenwriter , who at the very moment of his meeting with fate , realizes that life is hit and miss , and/or success is blind chance , as he is hurled into a " slipstream " of collisions between points in time , dreams , thoughts , and reality . Nevertheless , it is so unremittingly cerebral that it leaves no room for any hint of emotion , even to the tiny , quite rudimentary extent of allowing us a connection with its characters.<br /><br />I did n't think the nippy and flamboyant school of shaky , machine - gun - speed camera - work and editing disengaged me , but reflecting upon the film I am beginning to realize that it had a lot to do with it . There are so many movies of the past decade in which the cuts or camera movement have sound effects as well as other atmosphere - deteriorating technical doodads . I suppose in this case it was justified in that its purpose was to compose the impressionistic responsiveness of dreams . However , I knew barely anything about Slipstream when watching it , and I came out the same way . And I just do not care , because Hopkins made no effort to make us care . There are interactive movies , and there are movies that sit in a rocking chair and knit , unaware of your presence . Slipstream is the latter .
0 Given the chance to write , direct and star in my own movie , I would probably choose something about robot women with guns . Anthony Hopkins , however , decided to make possibly the strangest movie anyone has ever seen . " Slipstream " is a movie that is so strange that even David Lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say ' What 's going on?'.<br /><br />This is a movie where , in one scene , a man crosses the road towards a yellow car facing to the right which suddenly changes into a pink car facing to the left . This is a movie where two characters have a conversation interspersed with shots of random people laughing and insects climbing up walls . This is a movie where a man starts talking about " Invasion Of The Bodysnatchers " only for the actor of that particular movie to suddenly show up as himself ( and then disappear into thin air ) . < br /><br />This is a movie that decides to throw the need for a coherent plot straight out of the window and use fifteen different edits whilst doing so , as well as changing from black and white to colour for seemingly no reason at all.<br /><br />I must , however , commend Mr Hopkins for his choice of actors in this movie ( some of whom portray multiple characters ) . All of those involved throw themselves into their roles , even if they probably have no idea what they 're actually doing . My favourite here was Christian Slater 's thug in a hat who was impressively menacing whilst babbling nonsense and singing the American national anthem . < br /><br />Anthony Hopkins has been quoted saying that he did this movie as a joke and that 's possibly the best way to sum up " Slipstream " . It 's a joke on the audience . You 'll watch it from beginning to end , trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come , only to discover that the answer never actually does . What the punchline to this particular joke is , only Anthony Hopkins will ever know.<br /><br />I mentioned David Lynch earlier and I 'm a big fan of that particular director . I would guess that Anthony Hopkins shares my love for the likes of " Twin Peaks " , " Blue Velvet " and " Lost Highway " . However , " Slipstream " is n't as satisfying as any of the movies of Lynch despite imitating many of his techniques ( although I was surprised to discover that nobody talks backwards in " Slipstream " ) . It 's far too chaotic and random - as another reviewer here pointed out , it 's the movie version of Alzheimer 's disease . No doubt there are a small number out there who are able to watch this and draw something from it . Unfortunately for the rest of us , " Slipstream " quickly becomes an annoying and confusing experience that was only made due to Hopkins ' involvement.<br /><br />Watch at your own risk .
0 This movie is once again , one of those movies that someone thinks or tries to make others think that they understood it . Anyone who tries to make any sense of this is a MORON ! My advise would be to take TWO not one but TWO hits of very strong acid and at least you 'll get a visual thrill out of it ! ! Although at the end you may kill yourself for wasting your acid ! ! ! ! Being that this comment requires 10 lines of info , let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie . Unintelligble . Garbage . Schitzoid . Waste of talent . Movie is ice , with paper on destination with ringing clouds , on a sunny dive in the pudding .... Sounds like lion in a red light with seeing hair . Now explain that to me ! ! ! !
0 Look , I 'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this , but life is confusing enough . I do n't need to watch it that way . I dig Anthony Hopkins , big time . I even watched Fracture , and I knew that would be a steaming pile of Quentin . But this thing is not well shot , and it 's not daring -- even if it is artsy . Well - produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits , not this " oh , but it 's a realistic interpretation " excuse . This thing'll make your head hurt . It 's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all . I still love AH , and I 'll always give him another chance , but if you are n't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen , skip this .
0 What a muddled mess . I saw this with a friend a while ago and we both consider ourselves open - minded to the many wonders of cinema , but this sure is n't one of them.<br /><br />While there very well could be some good ideas / concepts and there are certainly some good performances ( under the circumstances ) , it is all buried under random nonsense . Sir Anthony draws way too heavily from the same gene pool as Natural Born Killers , U Turn and similar films as far as the editing is concerned , or maybe he watched himself in Nixon for inspiration . Say what you want about David Lynch , but at least he more often than not has a method to the madness.<br /><br />His quote of stating that he made the film as a joke says it all . It 's not worth your money , bandwidth or time .
0 I have seen bad movies before , but this one takes the " Worst Movie of a Lifetime " award by far ! ! Anthony Hopkins has to be completely mentally ill to have his name attached to this one - anywhere ! I will never see another movie with him in it , directing it , etc . , etc . ! I ca n't believe the other actors & actresses that I liked , ( in this picture ) , that stooped so low to be a part of this disaster ! There must be some great drugs out there ! For anyone to not be embarrassed to be a part of such a film , is beyond me ! Save your money on this one ! HUGE FLOP from beginning to end ! Shame on you Mr. Hopkins ! Also , shame on Christian Slater ! I ca n't believe you put your reputations on the line for this one !
0 I actually had quite high hopes going into this movie , so I took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best . About 1/3 of the way through the film I simply had to give up , quite simply the movie is a mish - mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and it 's all disconnected . I love movies that make you think , but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.<br /><br />Don't think it 's David Lynch - esquire as some would have you believe , it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals . Saying it 's artsy to disguise the fact there 's no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film . The acting was good , but that can not save lack of story . I do agree with the one comment posted previously ... " it 's like being in some other person 's head ... while they 're on drugs , " in other words nothing makes sense .
0 This movie was a disappointment . I was looking forward to seeing a good movie . I am the type of person who starts a movie and does n't turn it off until the end , but I was forcing myself not to turn it off . < br /><br />Theonly reason why I did n't turn it off was because I am a huge Christian Slater fan and I wanted to see him act in it . I was really speechless after I finished watching the movie . < br /><br />This movie was one of the worst movies that I have seen in my life . Thank you Christian Slater for putting some humor into it . If you had n't been in this movie I would of been bored out of my mind.<br /><br />I also agree that Anthony Hopkins needs to stick to acting . By the time the movie was over I did n't even get the plot . I was both confused and annoyed .
0 I rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed , and of course Sir Anthony Hopkins.<br /><br />If Jackson Pollack teamed up with David Lynch , and Timothy Leary to make a movie , this would be the end result . I do n't think I 've seen a movie like it that made an LSD trip look like an episode of Sesame Street.<br /><br />It 's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality , or various realities , and the film does n't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes , where all of a sudden it makes sense . I wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away , and I wo n't do that here . It 's a well acted piece of cinema , and the soundtrack was written by Sir Anthony Hopkins , and let me say this , if there 's one redeeming feature to this film , it 's the music . It fits perfectly . Some of the dialogue is unbelievably good , and unbelievably bad all at the same time.<br /><br />I enjoyed parts of this movie , I truly did , and once you get to the end of it , you 'll actually figure out what 's truly going on . It 's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point , which minimizes the effect of the entire movie.<br /><br />I give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film is n't the acting , it 's everything .
0 I love Anthony Hopkins as an actor so I was very interested to see how he would do as a writer / director . I could not have been more disappointed by this move . The movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point I wanted to pull the plug out of the wall . The actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent . Not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly Mr. Hopkins falls into this category . Of all the movies I have ever seen in my 50 years , this is absolutely the worst movie ever . Please do us all a favor Mr. Hopkins and stick to acting , which you are excellent at , and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas . If I could give this movie a rating less than one I certainly would .
0 Oh dear ... as an Englishman , and a small part Welsh , a fan of Anthony Hopkins ' work in the industry ..... to date , I am truly disappointed . < br /><br />You see I am a nobody , who hoped for better . So my comments are as ' straw in the wind ' . But , that 's the point is n't it ? - I have no axe to grind on the commercial value of a work . I , a full member of the great unwashed , go to see a movie to be transported to another place . To yes , suspend belief for a brief period . But not to enter a state of total disbelief.<br /><br />Had this been by an unknown author and director , I would guess that this ' production ' would have been castigated into oblivion . Unfortunately , its not , and I was left wide eyed and confused . Having seen some of the rave reviews given this work I am faintly worried .... <br /><br />Perhaps its that I try , without prejudice , to view each movie on its own merits . Regardless of author , director , studio or even the notoriety of the content.<br /><br />My advice , as many before me : Do n't Write and Direct the same production . It is fraught with danger . Movies need to be moderated to retain a semblance of credibility.<br /><br />As they say in school reports " Could and can do better ... "
0 I was n't entirely sure what to expect from a Comedy , Drama , Fantasy , Sci - Fi genre , but , given the actors involved I thought I 'd give it a spin . The tone of the film felt awkward , going through patches of each of the genres but never quite felt balanced , so eventually I gave up trying , and concentrated on the cinematography and individual performances , which I thought were good on the whole , considering each character had little depth because of the nature of the story ( wo n't give anything away here ) . I have to say it felt a LOT longer than its 96 minute runtime , and not in a good way . In the end I was looking for closure , some measure of satisfaction but it did n't turn out to be the clever or ingenious piece I had hoped it would be . I think Tony mistakenly thought what he did do at the end of the film gave us that ... but it was a tragic mistake to try and validate the previous 95 minutes with the ill - conceived conclusion . Ultimately I feel cheated . IMO it would have been better to let it stand without the " ending " as a piece of Art ... just . Or ... I may have missed the point completely :)
0 This movie was a complete waste of time.<br /><br />I viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts , who have varied taste in movies yet always a keen eye for a work of " genius " ( as one of my fellow commenters on this site had the gall to label this steaming pile  ) ; not one of them found a single redeeming quality . We ended the movie with a rousing chorus of expletives I will not reprint here.<br /><br />I can only guess that the positive reviews provided here were written by Sir Anthony Hopkins , himself . Afterall , as one of those reviewers will tell you , he financed the film himself  because no one else in Hollywood or anywhere else in the world , for that matter , would risk a single penny or their good name in association with this film . Do n't let the semi - famous actors who appear in the film lure you into its clutches  as Christian Slater admits in the special features " making of " he signed on to the film without reading the script or knowing any details ( a folly I am sure he will never repeat).<br /><br />I pity the hapless individual who stumbles into this quagmire of self - indulgence written , directed , produced , and financed by a man who is too famous to admit to himself that not everything he creates is a masterpiece ( and if you do n't believe me please google " Anthony Hopkins " AND art ) .
0 Okay ... so i 've seen a lot of really odd / unusual movies in my day . Fear and loathing in Las Vegas comes to mind when I think of that . Well not anymore ... from here on out , whenever someone asks me , " hey , what 's the most unusual movie you 've ever seen ? " Slipstream is what i 'll say ! And I do not mean " unusual " in a good way.<br /><br />From the very beginning of the movie , it was obvious that this was going to be one of those " trippy camera effect " movies . By that I mean , little things like flashing images on the screen , rewinding and fast - forwarding people 's words and scenes , messing with the color on the screen , flash forwards and flash backs constantly ... then you have the actual acting itself . People randomly get violent , shoot things / people , say the weirdest things that just do n't make much , if any sense.<br /><br />The movie is about a writer who starts to intermingle real life with the book he 's writing and for a lack of a better way to explain it , you basically see this " trip " he goes on throughout the movie . The thing is , Johnny Depp went on a similar trip in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas but the only difference is that his trip was entertaining to watch , not painful ! Honestly , I had a real hard time even finishing Slipstream . It kind of hurt my brain a bit.<br /><br />I can see some film buff making a claim as to this movie having certain cinematic nuances that make it not only unique but add to the feeling of dementia ... blah , blah , blah . Point is , this movie hurts your brain when you watch it .... it makes very little sense , it takes all of your concentration to even remotely try and understand what is going on and even at the end , the only thing you can be happy about is that it 's over ... and you can say you actually sat through it ! So in closing , if you want to see a movie that will have you saying " what the heck " over and over again both out loud and in your head , go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check this out.<br /><br />Mr Hopkins , while I applaud you as an actor and commend your choice to take a stab at directing .... please , do not ever make a movie like this again . Next time , try something that relies a little more on great storytelling than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache .
0 What seemed as a good premise for a movie ... unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level . Very hard to follow at the start of the movie I actually found myself fighting the urge to turn it off the biggest problem from a visual aspect is the fact that the camera work is simply over the top with so many " arty " splicings and semi - subliminal cuts throughout the movie that actually distracts you from the from the overall story . It really tries too hard to immerse you in the moment and build to a suspenseful ending but the movie just has so many half conceived characters and non relevant script it just leaves you feeling disappointed and confused as to why they tried to go so deep with it .
0 Yep , the topic is a straight quote from the movie and I think it 's pretty accurate . I was so bored to dead with this pointless effort . All the flashes etc . making no sense after first 20 minutes is just bad film making + If you are epileptic , you would have died at least five times already . Of course all the David Lynch fans would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be " the best film ever made " because it does n't make any sense AND when it does n't make any sense it 's got to be art , and art movie is always good . Right ? I say WRONG . This kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you 're a good film maker . Anthony Hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay acting .
0 Well then , thank you SO MUCH Disney for DESTROYING the fond memories I USED to have of my FORMER favorite movie . I was about 5 when the original movie came out , and it was one of the first movies I remember seeing . So , now that I 'm 16 , and feeling masochistic enough , I decided to rent this movie . Thus , I managed to poison all my memories of the original movie with this sorry excuse for a movie . This movie takes everything that made the original endearing and wrecks it , right down to the last detail.<br /><br />In this movie , Ariel and Eric celebrate the birth of their daughter , Melody , and go to show her to everyone in the ocean ... BROADWAY STYLE ! After the musical number ends , within minutes , the sea witch Morgana shows up and threatens to kill Melody if Triton does n't give up the trident . Thus , he gives it up without even a fight . Eric stands there gaping , though Ariel figures out how to use a sword and save Melody . Morgana escapes , so Ariel and Eric decide that Melody should never go near the sea until Morgana is caught.<br /><br />Well ... uh , nothing of note really happens . Eric is a total wuss . He never really manages to do anything . Ariel sort of does something . Melody manages to screw things up . Plus , the animation is a new low - point for Disney . The computer graphics wind up clashing with the backgrounds . Ever single opportunity for character development is wasted . The songs bite.<br /><br />Look , do n't waste your time . I 'm pretty sure even the little kids are going to be bored out of their skulls with this , since nothing even remotely exciting ever happens . They wo n't want to sing the songs . If you manage to grab a copy of this , throw it out into the ocean and hope that nobody ever finds it . Ever .
0 If there 's one thing you can count on Disney to do , it 's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again . Even watching the commercial for Lady and the Tramp II was a horrible experience . Disney 's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever . It even had that spaghetti meatball scene . It 's been done before ! And that 's what I say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned ) . Everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of Bluth 's really bad movies . The penguin and walrus duo(I've even forgotten their names ) are just a really poor carbon copy of Timon and Pumbaa . Morgana is another Ursula . She even repeats practically all her old lines . The songs are pathetic , really abysmal . I 've never heard songs so bad from them before until now . And the dialogue is atrocious . It 's pathetic and simplistic . On the plus side , at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent . All of the usual characters are n't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that 's a minus for Little Mermaid fans ) . Back on the negative , Melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit . I almost did . Do yourself and your Little Mermaid fan a favor . Do n't waste your money on this . True , it 's not as horrific as Return of Jafar or Pocahontas II , but that 's little consolation .
0 This movie makes me want to throw up every time I see it . If you take the first movie , and reverse the plot ( ariel wants to leave the sea , her daughter wants to go to the sea ) , take the same characters and give them new animals and new names , and then throw in crappy animation and the biggest suck factor , possible , you get the little mermaid 2 . Its basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot . I 'll take you through the horror of it step by step . These are the people from the 1st movie : First of all , Prince Eric is still prince eric , with about 3 lines in the whole movie . Ariel is uptight , annoying , and is not the carefree , headstrong spirit we saw in the 1st . In fact , she is the exact opposite . Sebastian is still sebastian only less cute , less convincing as being stressed out , and the jokes just are n't funny anymore . Flounder has about 2 lines . He now has kids and he talks with a dumb nasal voice . Scuttle is still dumb scuttle only not funny . King Triton 's character is probably the best , he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter , Melody . Ariel and Prince Eric appear not to give a hoot about their daughter . < br /><br />Like i said , all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them . This is what they did : Ursula- The new evil villain is Morgana , Ursula 's sister who feels like she always lived in Ursula 's shadow . I would n't be scared of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife . She ca n't do anything right and she 's a failure as a villain . She has the same voice ursula did . Sebastian & Flounder - Have been replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks , Tip & Dash , a walrus and a penguin . They try to be hero 's but always fail when trying . the plot is so predictable . They become heroes at the end . Yawn . Flatson & Jetsom- Now replaced by a shark who was turned about 10x smaller by triton . He s really bad too . Morgana and the shark ( sharkbait , I think was his name ) have no chemistry , good or bad . Ariel - Ah , Ariel . Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un - lovely daughter , melody . Melody can not sing , her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be , and you want to punch her in the face because she s so fake sugary sweet . She wants to go to the sea , she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her , she has to go find herself . yawn.<br /><br />Not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie you will gasp at how bad it is . Certain parts of the movie make you want to call Disney up and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original.<br /><br />Basically , comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like comparing and Ed Wood movie to Casablanca . Do n't ever watch this , not even when your bored .
0 I suppose it was for Temple Matthews who written basically a remake even though there are few changes which just make it worse . SPOILERS : It is much similar to the original . Melody , Ariel 's new daughter is threatened by Ursula 's sister , Morgana . Morgana escapes , but keeps her promise to take Melody away from them . Did Ursula have a sister ? ! And she is not that great a villain as Ursula was . This is where there is similarity . Medoly is kept from the sea until Morgana is captured , but she does n't know a thing about it , because it all happened when she was a baby . A wall surrounds the palace to keep her in and morgana out . She goes under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with Sebastian , who is not as funny or fun as in the original . She finds a seashell with her name on it and runs away from home and to look for answers and finds Morgana . Here is a similarity ; Morgana tricks Melody , making her happy by turning here into a mermaid . Meanwhile , Eric , Melody and King Triton look for her . To stay a mermaid she needs to steal the trident from Triton . So Melody does , because she does not know King Triton is her father . She makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it is awful . The penguins who live with them in an icy ocean , hate them because they are cowards . So they try to prove they are heroes and fail . That does not suit the little mermaid . And the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is ear - bleeding . you know why ? Because the first had a great story . This one is not and is not magical . It is just an example of how bad many sequels are.<br /><br />Melody finds them and they help to take her to Atlantica to prove themselves . When they take the trident , Ariel finds Melody with Morgana . Melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea so she gives the trident to Morgana , then she shows her true colours once she grabs it . Poor Ariel and Melody are in her custody . The penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight Morgana 's shark friend . Sorry I did not mention him earlier . They finally prove themselves . Eric , King Triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow down before Morgana by the power of the trident . Melody takes it , throws it to Triton and he ices Morgana ( literally ) . Then Ariel apologises to Melody and thinks it is all her fault . It was not ! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody , but they never say so . Triton offers Melody to live in sea or land . She in fact has a " better idea " . She uses the trident to vaporize the wall so humans and mer - folk can be together . Then everyone sings an awful song . THE END.<br /><br />Whoever has seen it and likes this obviously has not seen the original . I do not dislike this because I am a teenager . I liked it when I was very very little . Then as I grew older I began to see what is bad about this film . young , young kids will enjoy it , but it is likely that when they are in primary school , they will forget about it . Normally I would think I over - judged a film and it was better than I remember when I watched it again , but not this one . It is even worse . Story is no exception . If you thought , by reading this that the story is good , read more of this comment and you will know the other bad points : Well , you know the story now . I am sorry for spoiling it for you , but I had to point out some bad parts of it . One of the worst things is the animation . Colour is awful . The original had beautiful colour . Watching this almost made me want to go blind . Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good . The original had beautiful , magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well , making it a joy to watch.<br /><br />The music is unbearable . Compared to the first , the music here is crap . Songs are not that well composed and Tara Strong ( I think that is her name ) who did Melody can not sing . She at times either sang too high or did not keep track for the melody in the song . So much for having " Melody " as a name . And the music is not at all beautiful or moving . Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for it and it truly deserved it . This one deserved a razzie award for worst musical score in a sequel if it would exist.<br /><br />I did not like the voices . Several people who played characters from the first , did the same ones in this . Jodi Benson is a great singer , but now that she is older , no offence to her , her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore . And I am really disappointed in her and others who were in the first for being a part of this . If I was chosen for this film , just by reading the script , I can tell it would be a bad film . The characters are different now . Ariel is more wiser now , but annoying . They overdid her character , making her too mature . In sequels you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason . She was sixteen in the first . There is little chance she changes . That is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life . Screenwriters should think of that . They should think of the character.<br /><br />Well , I suppose that is it for me . I hope you find my comment useful , because I am sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view .
0 It was n't good . The characters were underdeveloped and the only personality were from the memories I had of the previous movie which contrasted with the ' new ' personalities ( or lack thereof ) . I seriously thought the opening scene was a nightmare by Ariel because of how absurd it was . It was serious . It just reminded me of all the annoying characters on the Disney channel - everyone is hyperactive and the story jumps from action to embarrassing scenes without any really connection.<br /><br />The most disappointing part was the horrible songs - not catchy , not amazing . In the original Ariel had an amazing and powerful voice and all the song are catchy and fun . You remember them and want to sing them . But the songs in this movie were n't creative in the least ; it 's as if they 're talking in a annoying sing - song voice - quite weakly , disappointing . I do n't have that want - to - sing - them feeling you normally get from a Disney movie.<br /><br />It 's as if not one wanted to do this movie , so they barely made an effort . . . this movie would needs a new story line , new catchy songs and more warmth and enthusiasm without the annoying " look at me ! look at me ! I 'm so annoying ! " mentality of this generation of Disney . :'(
0 Disney has yet to meet a movie it could n't make at least two sequels about . And this one was no exception to the people at Disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward . Somehow , although I did not pay to view it , I feel cheapened by watching it.<br /><br />Ariel is grown up now and had a daughter . Yet does n't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat made by the sister of the deceased sea - witch . So here we go again.<br /><br />The daughter is tricked ( of course ) and helps the sea - witch . After a not - so - glorious battle , she is defeated and the mermaids and humans live in harmony . Yawn.<br /><br />There is nothing to view here . Go back to your lives . " D- "
0 Since the Little Mermaid was one of my favorite Disney movies when I was little , I was curious about its sequel.<br /><br />The Little Mermaid(one ) is a classic animated feature with top quality everything , a grand music score , and targets a general audience . In contrast , the Little Mermaid 2 is targeted primarily at young children , because it is spontaneous , reflects a child 's self perspective , the music is bouncier and less dramatic , and the ending feels like recess.<br /><br />The Little Mermaid 2 starts out when baby Melody is presented to Ariel 's side of the family . Abruptly without any visual cues to aid the drama , a giant tentacle grabs the baby . I laughed , wait a minute it 's not funny , the baby 's being attacked ! Okay , I 'll stop laughing . Morgana 's crime in broad daylight and her spontaneity , takes away potential drama since it happened so quickly.<br /><br />Throughout the feature , Melody seems superhuman , which I defend is how most children envision themselves . This quality in Melody 's character is clearly brought out toward the end when she fights Morgana without an inch of fear on her face.<br /><br />Like the first movie , Melody has a lot of Ariel 's problems , except the reverse . Queen Ariel turns out to be like her father by restricting her from the ocean , whereas King Triton restricted Ariel from the surface . Ariel and Melody both rebel against their parent.<br /><br />The music is more emotionally moving in the first . This sequel has a bunch of songs , but not as much orchestral work went into it . It 's great for little ones , because it does n't take an orchestra to impress them.<br /><br />The ending in the first movie was strong and uplifting . The sequel ends with a bouncy song and everyone playing in the water . It 's definitely more targeted at kids , because instead of the ending being solemn and leaving you blown away , this ending leaves you thinking , " It 's time for recess ! " Ultimately , this movie is fun for kids , so we should let them have fun .
0 It was nice to see all the familiar characters again , but the story bothered me . We loved Ariel in the first movie- so why is the second one centered around her daughter ? The new characters were annoying and I did n't like the plot of this . Worst of all , Christopher Daniel Barnes did n't come back as the voice of Eric ! Disney , please stop remaking classic movies with these shoddy imitations .
0 Okay , as a long time Disney fan , I really -hate- direct - to - video Disney sequels . Walt HIMSELF did n't believe in them . He believed in " AND THEY LIVED HAPPILY EVER AFTER " being the end of it . But this one ... REALLY ticked the taco . There were so many ripoffs of other Disney films in this , it was n't funny . Quick summary , if you do n't already know ... : Melody , the daughter of Ariel and Prince Eric , is born . Ursula 's sister , Morganna ( who basically looks like Ursula , if she were to dye herself green and go on the Ally Macbeal starvation diet ) shows up and , after trying to do the newborn tyke in , and failing , prophesizes doom for the characters . After that ordeal , Ariel goes into a lapse of being like her father , and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage , and later on , forbids her to go near the sea . Well surprise surprise . Melody finds out , being the stubborn brat she is , and runs away , then makes a deal with Morgana to become a mermaid , in exchange for something . ( Gee does THAT sound familiar ? ) She becomes one , but in her half of the bargain , has to retrieve her granddaddy 's Trident and bring it back to the sea witch . While doing THIS , she runs into a couple of outcast animals , a penguin and a walrus named Timon and Pumb -- huh ? wait ... no ! that 's not Timon and Pumbaa ! or is it ? Could of fooled me . Anyway , i 'd like to reveal more , but pretty much anything that could be guessed to happen does . OK so ... long story short . This movie " borrows " too much from other ( better ) Disney films ... and does it horribly . Come on ... Tip and Dash ? Why not just make Dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious ripoff ! Ugh . Not to mention , the total character butchery of Ariel 's persona . She 's gone from being a freespirited , headstrong woman , to a clone of her father . Not good at all ... they're basically telling us the sweet , firey little mermaid we 've known to grow and love is dead . Plus Melody herself is n't such a great character either ... she 's damned annoying ! And bratty ! Not to mention what they 've done to Flounder . Ugh ... anyway if you decide to see this piece of created - mainly - for - profit - reasons , no - imagination , Eisner - sponsored c******t , I suggest maybe waiting ' till its on the Disney channel or some other tv station . Because , it 's not even worth the price of a rental.<br /><br / > * out of * * * * * stars .
0 I 'll say it again : this movie was totally lame . Kids will like it , sure , but adults ... doubtful . The whole thing was basically a rehash of the original , which is to be expected , since they pretty much explored the whole concept in the first movie , but still , did they have to completely rehash the entire movie ? I mean , everything is re - done from the Little Mermaid . The worst part of it is Morgana " Ursula 's crazy sister " who appears out of nowhere and threatens Melody , which is ridiculous since Triton is there with his magic trident . Why did n't Triton do anything about it ? Because the plot required him to do nothing . I could go on , but I wo n't . The whole thing is a shameless attempt to rake in more money from the Little Mermaid , and was obviously thrown together without any thought , because they knew it would sell . Overall it is a terrible waste of time .
0 I loved the first Little Mermaid . I know the songs , I love the characters and I love the story . I ca n't say anything like that about The Little Mermaid II : Return to the Sea . It was terrible . Let 's start with the story . The plot was a reversed copy of the first movie . Same situations , except in reverse ! Ariel wanted to live on land , her daughter Melody ( creative name ) wants to live in the sea . Ariel was tricked by Ursula , Melody is tricked by Ursula 's sister , Morgana . Ursula had a sister ? ? Not sure where that came from . Besides being a strange copy of the first movie , this movies plot seemed tired and was uninteresting compared to the first movie . Now the characters : 1 . Ariel- What happened to her ? ? ! ! No longer the spunky , headstrong teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie , she has now " grown up " and her personality went down the drain . Her singing voice was n't as strong either , due to either Jodi Benson being a lot older , or the songs being so terrible that her talent was wasted . 2 . Prince Eric- While he did n't have a lot of personality in the first movie , like all Disney princes , somehow his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic . To top it off , he just ca n't seem to defend himself , and Ariel becomes the tough one of the two . 3 . Sebastian- Say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie , because a whiny , aggravating little crab just took his place . He also had no good songs in this movie . You can almost forget the glory he earned from singing the incredible " Under the Sea " and " Kiss the Girl " from the first movie , and it is very sad . 4 . Flounder- They destroyed him ! ! He is not cute anymore , his voice is terrible , and he has kids now ? ? Who 's the mother ? ? ? 5 . Morgana- She appears to be Ursula 's sister out for revenge against her mother , who always picked Ursula over her . So she plans to get King Triton 's trident to become the new ruler of the sea . Sound familiar ? Anyway , she 's a very cliché villain and falls short of Ursula 's greatness as a villain . She epically fails at witchcraft , she 's not very tough , and not threatening at all . 6.Melody- Ariel and Eric 's daughter . Ironic name because she , unlike Ariel , ca n't sing . Her voice is annoying , her friends ( a walrus and a penguin ? ? Really ? ! ) are not funny or likable , and she 's exactly the same as Ariel , in reverse and not as likable . Skip this one . Do n't watch any Disney sequel except for Lion King 2 . This movie butchered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories . I will look back at this movie and just laugh .
0 I had such high hopes for this film because I loved the original so much . It seems that Disney , however , is trying to perfect the art of crappy straight - to - DVD sequels . They deserve a razzie . Several , in fact . I thought the idea had merit , but the music was absolutely awful and the story was n't much better . What happened to the great music Disney used to have in their films . Mary Poppins , Aladdin , Beauty and the Beast , The Lion King ... even Hercules and The Hunchback of Notre Dame . They 've made so many great movies over the years that it 's really sad that they 've sunk to point of making sequels that are n't even good enough to put in theatres.<br /><br />I hope this movie is not an indication of things to come for the Walt Disney Corporation .
0 Though I 've yet to review the movie in about two years , I remember exactly what made my opinion go as low as it did . Having loved the original Little Mermaid , and having been obsessed with mermaids as a child could be , I decided I 'd take the time to sit down and watch the sequel.<br /><br />Disney , I 've got a little message for you . If you do n't have the original director and actors handy ... you're just looking to get your butt whooped.<br /><br />In the sequel , our story begins with a slightly older Ariel and her daughter , Melody . My first big issue was that Eric and the rest of the crew sang . Yes , I understand that Disney is big on sing - and - dance numbers , but really , that 's what made Eric my favorite prince . He was calm , collected , and a genuine gentleman that knew how to have fun . And he DID . NOT . SING.<br /><br />And then there 's the villain . Oh , how could we forget the shivers that coursed down our spines whenever Ursula slunk onto the screen , terrifying both Ariel and audiences around the world ? Unfortunately , that gene was not passed on to her seemingly useless sister , Morgana . Nothing was ever , EVER said about Morgana in the first movie ; she just pops out of nowhere , trying to steal the baby . Oh , how cute . The younger sister is ticked off and instead of going after the trident , decides to kidnap a month - old baby . Gag me.<br /><br />Other than being a flat character with no sense of originality in her , Morgana was just very unorthodox . The same plan as her sister , the same minions ( who , by the way , did not scare anyone . I had a three year old on my lap when I watched this movie , and she laughed hysterically . ) She had no purpose being in there ; I 'd like to have seen Mom be the villain . I 'm sure she would have done a better job than Little Miss Tish over there.<br /><br />King Triton held none of the respect he 'd earned from me in the first movie , and do n't even get me started on Scuttle , Sebastian and Flounder . Triton was a stern but loving father in the first movie , and in the second , it 's almost like he 's lost his will to knock fear into the hearts of his subjects . Scuttle , once a comic relief that made everyone laugh with his ' dingle - hopper ' ( yes , I 'll admit it ; I did call my fork a dingle - hopper from time to time after that ) . In this film , Scuttle 's all but forgotten . A supporting character even in the first , he at least added something to the movie . He was rich with a flavor the others did n't have , and in the sequel , they all but stripped it from him entirely . Sebastian was still the same , but twice as worrisome as before . Disney , do n't do that . Do n't even try to mess with our favorite crab . Or our favorite little fat fish , who becomes a dad and has a multitude of very annoying children . He 's fat , and he 's bland , and he looks like he 's going to flat line any second.<br /><br />The walrus and penguin were unneeded , and after a while , you just start to resent everyone . Especially Melody , who has no depth to her whatsoever.<br /><br />And one of these days , Disney , I 'm kicking out of my life.<br /><br />If I did n't love your originals so much .
0 This was the first sequel I 'd seen ( apart from Return of Jafar ) and I honestly thought before watching it that it would be close to the original . I was horribly disappointed.<br /><br />The storyline was , basically , the first script with a few extra characters and the situation turned around . Ariel and Eric have a daughter , Melody who is n't satisfied with life on land . She wants to become a mermaid . However , Ariel has kept her past from her daughter because she wants to protect her - and when Melody finds out she 's upset and angry . And she then decides to run away , and she becomes a mermaid . So she 's happy swimming around , and Ariel sets out to find her - as a mermaid.<br /><br />The story does n't sound too bad written down , but the clichés and repeats of situations from the first movie are just too obvious . And adding the fact that Melody is , overall , extremely annoying , and the movie becomes almost unbearable.<br /><br />There 's also a whole load of other new characters - Tip and Dash being two of them . They are n't too bad as characters in themselves - just try not to think of Timon or Pumbaa ! The songs leave a lot to be desired too , they just do n't have the same magical energy as the songs from the original did . The animation obviously did n't have a whole load of work put into it either - in parts it 's jumpy , and not much imagination is used for the characters movements.<br /><br />Another piece of advice - try to forget about Ariel 's original character while watching this movie . The beautiful , rebellious , curious teenager has ' all grown up ' into a bland , boring wife and mother , and her trademark red hair is all tied up . This is much better viewed if you 've never seen the original - you'll have nothing to compare it to.<br /><br />However , all in all , it could have been worse - it 's not as bad as certain other sequels , such as Cinderella II . But it 's not in the same league as the original . But it for your collection if nothing else but if Disney go on like this they 'll lose all their older fans .
0 As a child the first installment ( " The Little Mermaid " ) was my favorite movie . It was filled with great characters , songs , and a fun family film . A week or so again I watched this movie for the first time . I believe that this movie was like most sequels and did n't surpass their original . I think that I feel this way possibly because I had high expectations and I have grown up . However , it is not a bad film.<br /><br />It starts when Ariel has just given birth to a beautiful child , Melody . Eric and Ariel feel threatened by Morgana ( Eurselas ' sister ) , so they build a large wall around their house which lies on the sea . As Melody grows up she begins to wonder outside of the walls where she is forbidden to go . Trouble stirs up as Morgana tries to take control of the seven seas.<br /><br />I do n't want to give away any of the movie so you have to see it to find out . I did like that the voices are the same and again wonderful singing . I think this is a good family film though overall !
0 The Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies . I 'm sorry to say , however , that Disney completely messed up when they made this sequel . I 'll admit it has some good points to it . The songs are n't bad , and the animation is clean and clear . There is some humor , I 'm sure -- I do n't remember , because after watching it I immediately banned it from appearing before my eyes again . The worst point of this movie is the plot . In this movie , Ariel becomes her father . She forbids her daughter to go near the sea ( yes , out of fear ) , just as she was forbidden to go near the land . I personally think that , given her past , Ariel would maintain some of her headstrong ways and not treat her daughter like she herself was treated.<br /><br />Besides this fact , Ursula was replaced by a non - scary , pathetic sort of sea witch ( the underfed , forgotten sister ) who is more comical than scary . She , too , has some little underling to do her bidding -- but she 's not scarier or worse than Ursula . Ursula spoiled us with her believability for badness . This sea witch is a joke.<br /><br />To make matters worse , Flounder is a fat , deep - voiced father ( no longer the cute guppy we all know and love ) and Eric 's voice is not even done by the same actor ( something that always annoys me in a remake / sequel ) . ( His voice difference was very obvious to me , by the way ! ) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was so that Disney could catch a few fast dollars , something I hate to think about a corporation I actually really do enjoy . I felt that this plot lacked imagination . I know that this act ( child following in the footsteps of a parent ) happens , but Ariel was different . That was what we loved so much about her . She had a dream , she fell in love , and she made that dream come true . Until she appeared in this movie , that is . Then she became just like the other adults . This is n't the Ariel I know . And I do n't like her.<br /><br />I know of some children who have enjoyed this film , and I know some adults who did n't mind it , either . But for me , and for all of you out there who have the utmost love for Ariel , please do n't see this movie . The Ariel we know dies within , resurrected only for a song or two and one final scene that actually is n't bad ( where she accepts the water back again)--although she takes very little part in the ending , regardless .
0 This is a movie that is bad in every imaginable way . Sure we like to know what happened 12 years from the last movie , and it works on some level . But the new characters are just not interesting . Baby Melody is hideously horrible ! Alas , while the logic that humans ca n't stay underwater forever is maintained , other basic physical logic are ignored . It 's chilly if you do n't have cold weather garments if you 're in the Arctic . I do n't know why most comments here Return of Jafar rates worse , I thought this one is more horrible .
0 Disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original LITTLE MERMAID will feel blatantly ripped off . Celebrating the birth of their daughter Melody , Ariel and Eric plan on introducing her to King Triton . The celebration is quickly crashed by Ursula 's sister , Morgana who plans to use Melody as a defense tool to get the King 's trident . Stopping the attack , Ariel and Eric build a wall around the ocean while Melody grows up wondering why she can not go in there.<br /><br />Awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel . LITTLE MERMAID 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other Disney movies . I guess Disney can only plagiarize itself ! Do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the LION KING!<br /><br />Other disappointing moments include the rematch between Sebastien and Louie , the royal chef . They terribly under played it ! The climax between Morgana and EVERYONE seemed to be another disappointment.<br /><br />I will not give anything away , but in 75 minutes , everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle . An embarrassment to Disney , LITTLE MERMAID 2 is better left to rent and laugh at . Then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels Disney is going to drown you in later on .
0 When I was younger , I thought the first film was really good in childhood , so I decided to see the sequel . This is an example of why some films should n't have sequels , because the first film is usually best , and it is . Basically now that Ariel and Eric are married they have a daughter who is n't allowed outside the house because they are worried about the sister of Ursula ( the octopus legged villain from film one ) , Morgana getting to her . When the kid gets out she asks Ursula 's sister to turn her into a mermaid , like her Mum was . This makes Ariel go back to the sea to find her . The same good voice artists , it 's just the story that could have had a bit more thought . Adequate !
0 It 's a good thing The Score came along for Marlon Brando as a farewell performance because I 'd hate to think of him going out on Free Money . Not what his fans ought to remember him by.<br /><br />Brando in his last years is looking more like Orson Welles and Free Money is the kind of film Welles would have done looking for financing of his own work . Brando is the warden of a local prison which in America , when it 's located in a small rural setting is usually the largest employer in the area . That gives one who is in charge a lot of clout . < br /><br />Unfortunately he has one weakness he indulges , his two twin bimbos otherwise known as daughters . Even when they get simultaneously pregnant by a pair of losers , Charlie Sheen and Thomas Haden Church , their hearts still belong to Daddy.<br /><br />Not to fear because Brando 's willing to give them jobs in the prison where they work under conditions not much better than the convicts have . What to do , but commit a robbery of a train which goes through the locality every so often carrying used money to be burned by the Treasury . < br /><br />Although Free Money has some moments of humor , for most of the time it 's quite beneath the talents of all those involved . Some of them would include Donald Sutherland as an equally corrupt judge and Mira Sorvino as his stepdaughter , but also straight arrow FBI agent.<br /><br />Of course these people and the rest of the cast got to work with someone who many rate as the greatest American actor of the last century . Were it not for Brando 's presence and were it some 40 years earlier , Free Money would be playing the drive - in circuit in red state America where the populace could see how they 're being satirized.<br /><br />Or a feeble attempt is made to satirize them .
0 I still ca n't believe this movie . They got so much unbelievable things in it , that it 's hard to believe anyone wanted to make it.<br /><br />The story is a joke , but in the sense of being funny , but more like no story at all . How can you mix a slapstick comedy with a train robbery , a prison movie , town conspiracies , sex - jokes and a FBI - agent ? You can't.<br /><br />Beside the terrifying directing the most noticeable thing are the actors . I watched this film and thought : ' Is this really Marlon Brando ? No , it ca n't be . ( 5 minutes later ) Is this Charlie Sheen ? Wow , maybe Brando is true . ( 5 minutes later ) This ca n't be Donald Sutherland . ( 5 minutes later ) No , not Mira Sorvino . This movie is too bad for all of them . ( At the end ) . No , no , no , this ca n't absolutely not be Martin Sheen ! ! ! Not for 10 seconds of such a movie . ' Then it was over and I down with my nerves . SO many good , oscar - winning , usually convincing actors in such a stupid , dumb , awful movie . I rarely wanted to know so much how they came to act in this one . They could n't got so much money.<br /><br />Only just an unbelievable silly idiotic movie.<br /><br />3/10 \ 1/4 \ 5 ( 1 + - 6- )
0 Marlon Brando had long since lost interest in acting when he made this film . His performance as " The Swede " is the worst of his career , and that is precisely what he intended it to be . He does n't overact . Instead , he simply acts in a bizarre fashion and pokes fun at his embarrassingly gargantuan girth . The scene where Brando climbs over the toilet stall is probably the worst , funniest moment in the history of cinema . As we witness him fall head - first into a toilet , it is hard to believe that we are watching the same actor who starred in A Streetcar Named Desire , On the Waterfront , and The Godfather.<br /><br />I guess the real question is why Marlon behaved like this in his later years . Was he sick of the movie business ? Did he just like making a complete and utter fool out of himself ? I guess we 'll never know . But this film serves as a fascinating study as to what bad acting is all about.<br /><br />On that note , watch fellow acting veteran Donald Sutherland as he struggles to deliver his lines , embarrassed at himself for agreeing to participate in this travesty .
0 This Charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low - key performance . Marlon Brando stands out . There 's a subplot with Mira Sorvino and Donald Sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little . I 'm still trying to figure out why Charlie want to change his name . Every movie with " Charles " has been pretty bad .
0 Watching Marlen Brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany . Brando 's acting is the ONLY thing that makes this movie watchable . The plot is inane and laughable ( not comic ) . The other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity ... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard . Everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful . The director throws freeze - frame and slow - motion shots about with impunity . The incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect . It 's not something I really look for in a movie , but even the wardrobe was way off . The venerable Brando could n't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in . I 've heard this movie called " David Lynch - esquire " and " irreverently funny " ... it is neither . David Lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative . And do n't confuse irreverence with stupidity .
0 I watched Free Money last night & it was the longest 90 + minutes of my life . With such an intriguing cast , I really thought that I was in for a treat - especially since I 'm a Brando fan . WRONG ! What a waste of talent . It 's almost embarrassing to watch at times ( like the cattle prod scene ) , & there were so many missed opportunities for humorous setups ( why did n't they show Charlie Sheen 's character going back to tow Brando 's truck ? ) Ugh . It tries to be a slapstick comedy , but I just was n't buying into it . Skip this one . Only for die - hard Brando fans.<br /><br />I'm giving it 2 out of 10 because I still think the worse movie ever made was Skidoo .
0 This wretched movie shows that not even some of Gollywood 's best can salvage a true landfill deposit .. <br /><br />I could spend much time describing everything that was bad about this effort , but that would require more time and I 've already wasted 91 minutes watching ... IT.<br /><br />Looking at it now , after Brando 's death , shows how tragic the life of one of our greatest actors had become.<br /><br />Donald Sutherland ? Why ? < br /><br />I have to fill more lines to get this accepted . I have to fill more lines to get this accepted . I have to fill more lines to get this accepted.<br /><br />Don't waste your time with this movie . I 'm overdue to do something interesting . Bye .
0 I think it 's a great movie ! ! It 's fun , maybe a little unrealistic , but fun and dramatic ! ! I would like to see it again , if they were showing it in TV ! ! Just 1 question : Are we still talking about the same movie ? ? ?
0 * Can anybody tell me WHERE is the COMEDY ? ? ! ! < br /><br />*(Charlie Sheen ) is a very weak comedian , ( Thomas Haden Church ) is looking so feeble ( with him ! ) , and the whole thing is so thickheaded ! < br /><br />*They tried to make a live comic book which turned out to be super bloody comic nightmare and it was n't even funny ? Like the plan 's scene in the bathroom ; it was so good with its cinematic imagination but there is nothing more .. except PAIN ! < br /><br />*Donald Sutherland ? ? ! His relationship with his daughter ? ? ! < br /><br />*This is actually a kind of work which they made it just to made it and earn some money from it , but it became such a crime when THIS money would be robbed from the very us whom got deceived by so low art work and an entertainment had absolutely no entertainment AT ALL ! < br /><br />*Well , it would 've been uglier if it was big production and starring Brando in his golden years with a REAL star.<br /><br />*The Sheen 's family in here . Just be aware of that ! < br /><br />*Anyone who found themselves admiring this movie or -God Forbid- loving it ! Then you must go directly to therapy before you become more dangerous and hurt anybody else ! < br /><br />*(Brando ) undoubtedly is a genius but the movie is n't ! And he was n't intending to be one in here after reading this for sure ! ! But the main big problem is that no one else ever worked in this thing trying , or wanting , to be a small time smart or even good ! ! ! ( Sorry I 'm crying now ! The movie 's torturing is unbelievable ! ) . < br /><br />*There is a scene where ( Brando ) hitting ( Mira Sorvino ) by her shoes ! That was so realistic ! ? Maybe he was seeing himself in her so he was punishing himself for being in such a crap ! < br /><br />*For the milliard time : This one could 've been better ( or less worse ! ) . The script , till the train 's heist , was nice and I just imagined that they 'd escape to have some chase like it 's another ( Smokey and the Bandit ) but with ( Brando ) as the sheriff . In fact any of those chimeras was much merciful than what I 've watched ! < br /><br />*Why this masterpiece did n't receive any Razzie award ? ! You want to make me believe that there was lower movie than THIS ? I do not think so ! It 's a situation where the Razzie 's supervisor must himself win one for his negligence ! ! < br /><br />*Martin Sheen is here also as a guest star maybe for supporting his failure son but ironically the father was as failure as his son ! and why is that ? ! Well ! Because I hate Martin Sheen maybe more than I hate comic movies were n't as good as its ambition ! < br /><br />*It 's not a comedy movie , NO .. It 's a horror one ! , and I just hate horror movies especially those which have been propagandized as comic ones ! < br /><br />*Name good thing about it ? Hmmm ! Well , this one compared to another Marlon Brando 's monster movie ( The Island of Dr. Moreau - 1996 ) would be close to ( Casablanca ) ! ! < br /><br />P.S : if you still want to know what are or who are precisely the bad , the ugly and the very ugly in this movie .. Just pray your last prayers and go watch it .. May God Help You !
0 Such great actors such a disappointment . Marlon Brando plays and awful character , the movie is not funny at all , a subconscious message can be seen " IT IS A DAMN CRAP ! ! ! " , " IT SUUCKS SO BADLY ! ! " , " THROW YOUR TV THROUGH WINDOW " , and so on . It is simply disgusting and irksome . In addition to foolish plot , sense of humor , there is something else . The way the rooms are decorated , the colors . It makes me sick , everything is so colourful that it might cause epilepsy . Usually I do not care about the decoration in movie but this from " Free Money " made me angry . Avoid at all costs ! " Free Money " - probably for Charlie Sheen , Sutherland and Brando , but a viewer gets nothing ! One watches it at cost of sanity .
0 In all my years of film - going , only once have I walked out on a film , and that was the dreadful " Stay Tuned . " Fortunately , the cinema refunded the ticket and I went to see " Buffy the Vampire Slayer " instead ( a minor improvement ) . That film is " Gone With the Wind " compared to " Dick , " a comedy so unfunny that it nearly became the second film I ever walked out of . " Dick " was so unfunny it was even impossible to laugh AT it , let alone laugh with it.<br /><br />Granted , paying to see a movie with a title like " Dick " suggests that it will be filled with inane " dick " jokes and wind up a huge letdown , and yet I had high hopes because of the notable cast ( Daniel Hedaya , Bruce McCullough , Dave Foley , Kristen Dunst , etc . , etc . ) and a premise that at least promised something fresh . What the film delivered was , as portended , four woefully predictable " dick " jokes , comic timing suffering from jetlag , and a premise that wore thin after the first five minutes . In short , it was the Watergate scene from " Forrest Gump " stretched -- nay , laid on a rack and mangled -- over 90 + excruciating minutes.<br /><br />As soon as you understand that the two main characters -- airless , insipid squealers who gasp and roll eyeballs incessantly -- will participate in every major Watergate event , you begin to mentally check off the plot as it progresses : 18 and a half minutes erased from the Nixon tapes , CHECK ; the Deep Throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein , CHECK ; John Dean getting a change of heart and testifying , CHECK . The process drags out more languidly and about as engaging as the real Watergate affair with about as much laugh - getting to boot . And though it posits to be an amusing re - deconstruction of the events leading to President Nixon 's resignation , it turns into a paint - by - the - numbers , choose - your - own - adventure , fill - in - the - blanks comedy that says very little and entertains even less.<br /><br />Even the film 's strong point -- the aforementioned cast -- is bewilderingly unproductive here . The most disappointing of all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy . Trapped as he is behind the thick Liddy moustache and strait - jacketed in this numbingly morose screenplay , Shearer mumbles a few lines , tries desperately to leer from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows , then disappears . Dave Foley , one of the comic masterminds from Kids in the Hall ( two others , Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this film -- ah , the blessings of nepotism ) fares badly as well . His H.R. Haldeman occasionally lends a much - need lightening of the funeral plot , but the funniest thing about him is the buzz - cut he sports -- perhaps the films funniest bit of all . And then there 's Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon -- oops , I mean " Dick . " ( Ha ha how amusingly funny . ) He manages to play a solid Nixon , avoiding the pitfalls ( such as overdone make up , rubbery nose and false teeth a la Anthony Hopkins ) while preserving the essence ( the vacillations between human tenderness and coarseness ) . I seem to be forgetting someone . . . oh yes , the two stars of the film , those over - bubbly teenagers . Ca n't remember their names , perhaps because I have repressed their performances . Nothing could be farther from funny ; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their deliverly that ran the gamut of " hyperactive " and " super - hyperactive " with an occasional " pouty " tossed in.<br /><br />This film seemed to be a bad excuse to string together a 70s soundtrack and parade outrageous period clothing , both of which seem to be the norm these days for films and TV shows set in the " Me Decade . " But the clothes and the music wind up being an ersatz substitute for true characterization and plot , a kind of extra - plot shorthand that the producers hope will compensate for anemic writing.<br /><br />The only possible use for this film is years down the road when any one of its talented cast appears on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien . This dreadful cinematic excretion will be dragged out to embarrass and hopefully humble the stunned guest star . The sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this -- the writers and producers -- will be far from the cameras gaze , possibly cooking up another disaster such as this.<br /><br / >
0 I guess I 've seen worse films , but that may be becuz I 'm so jaded by how standard these bad horror movies are . The killer monster thing is really really bad , basically its a guy in some kind of green body suit . There is much worse acting as far as B movie go , but do n't think for a second this was anything stellar , hell no . It actually did have a plot with substance , but was still pretty stupid . Basically its just a bad low budget horror movie . But at least its not as bad as titanic , that movie sucks balls , this one just sucks . The blood looks really fake in this movie . That s one complaint I have about all the horror of the new millinium , low grade gore , looks stupid . A good gruesome death scene with really fake blood is so stupid . At least there was a nice shower scene
0 Well , what can it be said about this disaster ? I watched it because it aired on cable . I regret for wasting my time but at least I did n't waste money . < br /><br />The creature is the cheesiest you can get ! Please , you need to be very generous not to get angered by the CHEAP Halloween costume . Oh well , there are also displays of horrible acting , f / x , and dialogues . The confrontation with the creature is unbelievable , you ca n't get a more pathetic scene . < br /><br />This is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks . " Creature Unknown " makes FULL MOON PICTURES movies look like " Halloween " . < br /><br />Avoid this one at all costs , please . The only " positive " thing about this trash are the sexy women .
0 Really a terrible movie . It 's to be expected , though . Clearly a low budget : nothing all that innovative , an actress ( if you can call what she does " acting " ) who always has roles with nudity in a shower scene , a man in a reptile suit almost modeled after predator , a cabin in the woods , etc . But there are some redeeming points . Although the story is not new , for the most part , there 's a few parts that are n't so regurgitated . For one , the black guy does n't die when he 's attacked ( the first time ) and he is n't even one of the first couple to die . But that 's minor . More importantly , there 's a very interesting twist regarding Kat 's experiments and Wes & Steve that I did n't see coming . When Steve told Kat he knew what she did , I believed what he said and what Kat replied with . But when the creature revealed who he really was , I was pleasantly surprised at the novelty of the revelation . It could be because of my lack of experience with the genre , or that it 's a genuinely clever twist.<br /><br />Either way , the movie 's pretty bad and do n't watch it if there 's anything better on ... Unless you 're in the mood for a cheap scifi flick .
0 The monster from Enemy Mine somehow made his way into a small mountain community , where he has taken up residence . He 's being hunted by a female doctor - turned - vigilante who is out to exterminate him . This female assassin , who looks like a refugee from a Motley Crue video , rides around on a motorcycle and tries to save a bunch of kids who have chosen to have a Big Chill weekend right smack dab in the middle of the monster 's turf . Decapitations and lots of blood are primarily in place to draw attention away from the story which limps along like a bad version of the Island of Dr. Moreau ( and yes , it 's worse than the one with Val Kilmer ) .
0 There 's hardly anything at all to recommend this movie . Chase Masterson is always nice to look at and actually can act , though her role in this clunker is a waste . Unfortunately the rest of the cast ranges from bad to mediocre . In a lot of films like this someone will shine through the material and you make a note of them for future reference . No such luck here . Creature Unknown " a clichéd monster - on - the - loose flick with the kids getting knocked off one after the other . The monster is a man in a rubber suit which hearkens back to the days of Paul Blaisdell . So bad it 's good ! The rest of the show is just so bad it 's bad . A little humor might have made this more palatable , but everyone plays the deadly dull material straight up . There is a twist or two at the end , but by then you wo n't care anymore .
0 You know the story .. Pretty kids alone in the woods , when BAM!something starts cutting them up.<br /><br />Well this crap is no different . A bunch of kids return to a cabin where the male leads twin brother disappeared for years before . Suddenly an " UNKOWN CREATURE " stars cutting them up , and their only help is a doctor / biker.<br /><br />To say this film was bad is an understatement , it 's smut ! The acting was horrible.<br /><br />The creature looked very cheesy . And as all films do these days they try to get you with a twist ending , which they do not!<br /><br />There is one bright spot to this film- LOST star Maggie Grace as the female lead .
0 " Steve"(Chris Hoffman)gathers a group from high school for a reunion at the cabin location where his twin brother Wes went missing . While they are there , a reptilian creature in the shape of a man(reminded me a lot of the Gillman from CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON)awaits in the wilderness choosing the right time to pick them apart one by one . A biker , Ellen Ripley - type time female bad - ass , Kat(Chase Masterson)has an underground military bunker she practices experiments in , while it also serves as a place of safety from the thing on the bloody rampage . Kat knows more than she 's telling(she also suffered the loss of a child ) , but there 's another novelty twist most of the group have no idea of . This creature might just be more human than they realize .. and it 's former identity might shed some light on a deception only one other person has been hiding since Wes ' death . Kat holds the key to many of the mysteries that unlock as the group remains near the cabin.<br /><br />Thankfully , a large portion of the film stays away from the creature which leaps in the air while we also see a hazy screen when we look through it 's eyes . The film has Dawson 's Creek - type melodramatics which often hinder any real tension that needs to build in a little monster movie . The direction is very bland leading to a relatively dull experience instead of eliciting scares . The cast is rather life - less and uninteresting . Pretty Maggie Grace(THE FOG remake ) might be the only draw for this film .
0 Well this movie is amazingly awful . I felt sorry for the actors involved in this project because I 'm sure they did not write their lines . Which were sometimes delivered with slight sarcasm , which lead me to believe they were not taking this movie seriously , nor could anybody who watches this obnoxious off beat monster slasher . While watching this " Creature Unknown " I could not help but think that there was not much of a budget or a competent writer on the crew . But , if you go into watching this for a laugh you 'll be happy , the movie is shameless to mocking itself because i ca nt see how anybody could look at this and be proud of pumping this straight to DVD clichéd wanna be action thriller / horror movie fightfest to light .
0 Imagine The Big Chill with a cast of twenty - somethings whose characters are all unlikable , and an iguana - like man - lizard chasing them around and you have an idea of the foolishness herein . On the positive side , the movie does not skimp on showing the monster . There 's no peek - a - boo shots , or nighttime scenes where you have to imagine what he looks like ; he 's right out there folks . Unfortunately , the design and construction are n't that inspired . A little bit of mystery might have helped . Mind you , I 've seen far worse , but if you 're going to have him out on full display for a lot of the flick , your monster better look damn good . < br /><br />Spoiler Ahead!!!<br /><br />Oh , and there 's a twist ending involving the supposedly dead brother that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . This came as no surprise given the shoddy writing of the script . As for the acting ; well let 's just say it was n't painfully bad , but I do n't expect we 'll be seeing many of these kids in future cinematic outings.<br /><br />Gore quotient : 2 out of 5 ; Nudity quotient : 1 out of 5 ; Intelligence quotient : Negligible
0 Creature Unknown is the right word for this movie . Or maybe it should be called Unknown Movie . This movie is a piece of crap right from the beginning . It has a really stupid " plot , " really pathetic " acting , " and so - so " special effects . " < br /><br />Some thirty - something year old " post - teens " are trapped in the woods with a mad , reptilian , rubber - suit creature lurking around endlessly . What you get with this movie is a bunch of talk and precious little action . You have girls walking through the woods talking , and then you have guys ( with heavy mascara on ) walking through the woods talking . The whole thing is so boring!<br /><br />The creature itself is rarely seen throughout most of the movie . When it is shown the picture is distorted to mask the fact that it is a man in a rubber suit , and the movement shows that it is a suit , hence the reason for the blurring and distortion of the image . < br /><br />This is NOT a good movie in ANY since of the word and the ones here who have praised it are most likely the people that were picked up off the street to " act " in this truly stupefying movie ! Skip this one for certain !
0 I purchased this film for $ 5 in a bargain bin at my local video store for one reason only , Chase Masterson , but I should have crumbled up the five , thrown it in a toilet and flushed . The film is about a bunch of twenty somethings that peaked in high school and reunite on the anniversary of their idiot friends death , who got drunk and wandered into the woods and died . There problem is a reptilian monster is hunting them down one by one . The acting is abysmal , these worthless people were apparently cast offs on shows like 90210 and Dawsons Creek . The directing was on par with a twelve year old and the script was probably done by a thirteen year old . The entire set looks like someone 's backyard in Malibu . The people on here that have praised this film are obviously friends of the director and/or actors . Avoid this pile of garbage at ALL costs .
0 The Western society has been fed ideas about India being a poor country . Movies like these only make those beliefs stronger . Such illustrations make it all the more difficult for Indians to be accepted abroad . Agreed there are poor and homeless in India , but why is there no representation of educated people if not the successful ones.<br /><br />I totally hated the idea of the movie portraying Patrick Swayze as another Mother Teressa . In my opinion this movie has shown India in a very bad light giving wrong notions . It is unjust to discuss only one aspect of the society . Exactly the reason why people ask me , " When we go to India , can we hire an elephant right outside the airport so we do not have to walk on the roads so full of filth and snakes?" < br /><br />Those who want a second opinion on contemporary Indian society should watch " Monsoon Wedding " .
0 When evaluating documentaries that focus a relatively small group of Ugly ultra right wing and conservative groups like this in the USA you must consider the following . The United States of America with its population of 270 million and its complex history as an aspiring democracy and its hopes and desires to uphold Human Rights that it has its failings and downside . It is of course expected that extreme right wing groups and ultra conservative groups exist in sizable numbers however relative to the size of its population they are very small and isolated . On a per capita basis Europe , Britain and even Australia have similar right wing groups in fact on a per - capta basis the actual size of Neo - Nazi groups in Australia is actually higher than in the United States of America . It is for the above reasons that it is unjustifiable to demean and vilify the American people and their level of debate in Educated American Society by very fraudulently and deceptively presenting this ultra - right wing bunch of psychopaths as being representative of American Society . By doing so Greenstreet , deliberately chose small and isolated groups at opposite ends of the spectrum to construct an image of America that is an outrageous and deliberate sensationalist lie . This film is clearly designed to inflame and pander to the views of people who harbor this subconscious and morbid hate the American people and way of life under the guise of spurist fashionable and cliché idealist left wing ideology . This film was made for profit not for furthering the truth about American Society and the Human condition . Greenstreet can make documentaries that focus on ultra right wing conspiracies , the Military Industrial complex but fail miserably to present an intelligent and balanced factual debate let alone alternative solutions to the failings of a vibrant democracy . Movie Show is exposed as Anti American by its support for this trash . SENSATIONALISM at its worst anti -USA garbage shameful .
0 Most college students find themselves lost in the bubble of academia , cut off from the communities in which they study and live . Their conversations are held with their fellow students and the college faculty . Steven Greenstreet 's documentary is a prime example of a disillusioned college student who judges the entire community based on limited contact with a small number of its members.<br /><br />The documentary focused on a small group of individuals who were portrayed as representing large groups of the population . As is usual , the people who scream the most get the most media attention . Other than its misrepresentation of the community in which the film was set , the documentary was well made . My only dispute is that the feelings and uproar depicted in the film were attributed to the entire community rather than the few individuals who expressed them.<br /><br />Naturally it is important to examine a controversy like this and make people aware of the differences that exist between political viewpoints , but it is ridiculous to implicate an entire community of people in the actions of a few radicals .
0 I was one of the few non - liberals who showed up to see Steve 's video . It was quite an experience ... in propaganda film - making and boredom.<br /><br />I was hoping the film might be an actual documentary of Michael Moore 's visit to my local school , UVSC , but it turned out to be another liberal , slash - and - burn effort to slam conservatives and the local religious community . It sure seems self - serving for a filmmaker to make a documentary that only reflects his preconceptions on issues.<br /><br />What 's more surprising is to see all the ' 10 ' votes his homeys have posted here . Did they even see the video ? Golly gee Batman , this must rank with All The President 's Men ! Their ratings are as obvious as the bias in this film . < br /><br />Yeah , like stacking the votes at IMDb will help a lame movie . Maybe my vote will help balance this out .
0 Not only does the film 's author , Steven Greenstreet , obviously idolize Michael Moore , but he also follows in his footsteps by using several of Moore 's Propaganda film - making tactics . Moore has expertise in distracting the viewer from this focus though , while Greenstreet is obviously less skilled here.<br /><br />Having been privy to all of the issues surrounding Moore 's speech at UVSC , I was disappointed to see that the major complaints of the community -- that Moore was being paid $ 40,000 of the State of Utah 's educational funds to basically promote John Kerry 's campaign and to advertise his own liberal movie -- were pushed to the background by Greenstreet while lesser issues were sensationalized.<br /><br />The marketing methods for this video have been equally biased and objectionable ... promoting the film by claiming that " Mormon 's tried to kill Moore " . Not only is this preposterous , but it defames a major religion that Greenstreet obviously has some personal issues with . I followed Moore 's visit very closely , and all of the major news agencies noted that Moore 's visit came and went without any credible security problems or incidents in Utah.<br /><br />Greenstreet has banked on this film to jump - start his film - making career to the point that he has even dropped out of film school to help accelerate this . This seems to have been a severe miscalculation though , since Moore 's visits to roughly 60 other colleges and Universities across the country in 2004 diluted interest for this rather common event . Greenstreet 's assumption that American audiences would be interested in this film due to the promoted religious and conservative angles does n't seem to be well founded.<br /><br />Even the name of the film , This Divided State , is somewhat of a misnomer since Utah voted overwhelmingly for Bush 's re - election and thus appears to be more politically unified than any other State . The division in the movie title seems more indicative of the gulf that exists in Greenstreet 's ideological differences with his religion and State . If anything , I find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and Woody Allen 's hilarious contention in Sleeper ( 1973 ) that , " I was beaten up by Quakers " .
0 When i looked at this years Wrestlemania 's match card , i was SO stoked and unable to control myself because i was full of excitement.<br /><br />It starts ... and it ends.<br /><br />I'm sitting there , angry to hell because of how much i wanted my money back . I mean , you watch Wrestlemania 22 ( one of my favorites ) which will go down as a classic and then you expect the same and get the average garbage they have every now and then . The one moment in the entire show that ruined it for me was when HBK tapped out ! ! ! ! That very moment of HBK losing to JOHN CENA ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! John Cena is such a loser / poser . It almost ruined Wrestlemania 22 for me when he beat TRIPLE H ! I could n't watch WWE after seeing Wrestlemania 23 . I 'm starting to watch it again ( luckily ) . I again have faith in WWE after Wrestlemania 24 ( the greatest i have ever seen ) which was a pure classic Wrestlemania . It definitely made up for ' Mania 23 and gave us lots of memorable moments as well.<br /><br />If you have watched ANY of the Wrestlemanias before this one , like the ones that turn you into fans ( Wrestlemania 20 turned me into a fan ) , PLEASE do n't watch this and make the same mistake i made and leave WWE behind . And if you DO watch it and are angry , start watching it again and watch Wrestlemania 24 , it is absolutely classic .
0 This was one of the worst Wrestlemania 's I 've seen . It just did n't stand out at all , really . Card wise , I thought it was going to be pretty good , but every match just seemed to fall short.<br /><br />Chris Benoit vs. MVP One of the better matches . Benoit carried it . I just did n't think MVP was that great , but Benoit saved this match . < br /><br />Kane vs. Khali Wow , these two guys do n't mix . Or maybe it 's Khali and any other person alive do n't mix . Awful match.<br /><br />Melina vs. Ashley I 'm not a fan of female wrestling.<br /><br />ECW Originals vs. New Breed I was excited about this match , until I saw it . Really , Really disappointing.<br /><br />Edge vs. CM Punk vs. King Booker vs. Jeff Hardy vs. Matt Hardy vs. Mr. Kennedy vs. Finlay vs. Randy Orton Absolutely the worst MITB match so far . Just a major let down , to many people in the ring at the same time . It just did n't live up.<br /><br />Bobby Lashley vs. Umaga O.K. not extremely impressive , but not the worst of the night.<br /><br />Batista vs. Undertaker This was maybe the best match of the night . Very , very , very nice to see something good for a change . < br /><br />John Cena vs. Shawn Michaels I really feel like this match deserved to be last . People make a case for Batista vs. Undertaker , but this match was just as good . I am starting to get sick of seeing Cena win every match though . It 's getting a little old . Now , I have to say , I feel this match is the best of the night , but I 'm a huge Shawn Michaels fan , so I 'm a little biased . Batista vs. ' Taker may have been better , but I 'm biased , so ... sorry . The last two were undoubtedly the best matches of the night and most everything else really came up short .
0 Honestly , this is easily in the top 5 of the worst movies I have ever seen . Partly , because it takes itself so seriously , as opposed to regular light hearted trash , this movies wants you to be emotionally involved , to feel for the characters , and to care about the alleged conspiracy . None of this ever even comes close to happening.<br /><br />****MILD SPOILERS******<br /><br />There are 3 main reasons why this movie is so terrible : 1 . ) Incoherent and totally non - sensical plot . 2 . ) Annoying style - over - substance " MTV " camerawork . 3 . ) Moronic characters and plot holes.<br /><br />Allow me to elaborate.<br /><br />1 . ) Apparently , when this movies was being made , they could n't decide whether to make a movie about church conspiracies , the stigmata , or possession . So , guess what ? They combined them ! An aetheist gets possessed by a dead person , who then makes her exhibit the stigmata so as to expose a church conspiracy . How a regular person is able to transcend death and possess another human being through his rosary is never explained , nor even talked about . Now , instead of just saying what he wants to say , he gives her the Stigmata . WHY ? Why not just spit it out ? Instead , we get treated to scenes of screaming things in harsh voices , carving cryptic messages on cars , and writing messages on walls . Apparently this priest was also a violent guy , because the possessed young lady also wigs out on one o f the characters , while talking in that cliched , harsh , " possessed " voice that we all have heard countless times . This also starts to tie into my second complaint , because whenever the young lady gets the stigmata , she also defies the laws of gravity by floating into the air , and tossing everything and everybody around her as if they were in an earthquake ? Why does this happen ? Who knows ! ? ! My guess is that the director thought it looked " cool".<br /><br />2 . ) This movies contains dozens of shots , in slow motion , of course , of birds showing up out of nowhere and flying off , and most annoyingly , of water dripping . This woman 's apartment is constantly dripping water ! CONSTANTLY ! Logically , the place would probably fall apart with this many holes . To sum up this complaint , towards the end , and for absolutely no reason , the camera cuts to shots of water dripping , in slow motion , in reverse ! ! WHY ! ? ! I have no idea ! It has no relevance to anything , and once again , I 'm betting it 's because the director thought it looked " cool".<br /><br />3 . ) One of the main characters says he became a priest to explain away holes in science . This does n't make sense to me . I would think that going to church would be enough , but no , he has to go through the entire rigamarole of becoming a priest . I just do n't buy it . Secondly , there are lots of plot holes , a few of which I will elaborate on below . For starters , when she first gets the stigmata , the scene ends with her laying unconscious , bleeding . Next , she 's in the hospital . Who called the ambulance ? Another one is towards the end , when the previously mentioned " scientific priest " character is talking to the spirit who is possessing the girl . He says , " Take me as your messenger ! " Not a word for word quote , but you get the idea . His response ? " You have no faith , only doubt ! " So , because of this , he possesses an aetheist ! An aetheist has no faith , far less then any scientific priest ! And then , there 's the fact that the object of this movie 's conspiracy , this Lost Gospel ( of St. Thomas , I believe ) is available at local bookstores . The characters are willing to kill to supress this document , but you could walk down to a bookstore and buy it . Maybe this is supposed to take place in an alternate history , where it is n't wide known , but the movie never tries to tell us this , or to even hint that this is an alternate happening of that document 's uncovering.<br /><br />In closing , this movie is terrible to a spectacular degree . It is my arch - nemesis , which I feel the need to insult every chance I get . I loathe it . Final Grade : F
0 I did n't really know what this movie was about when I went to the theater to see it ( hype about the Satanism etc etc etc ) as the trailers in the last movie I saw looked pretty interesting.<br /><br />Oh dear , Roman Catholic mythology ? Not my idea of a good scare and honestly , I just felt like watching a really good , scary movie , not some loosely plotted religious farce that tries to score cheap thrills by having some chick getting bloody every few minutes!<br /><br />I'll try to keep away from the spoilers ( ! ) but I found it very odd that an Atheist , who gets a string of rosary beads from a deceased priest , could suddenly end up with Christ 's wounds ( are n't stigmata supposed to be deeply religious ? ? ) I mean , she hangs out with losers , does loser stuff , behaves like a typical rebel et al , and here she is displaying the wounds of Jesus Christ ? ? Come on!<br /><br />Scenes of her crucified , head thrown back , screaming , blood everywhere , became rather tedious after seeing it a dozen times . It was neither frightening or scary , just repulsive . It did , however , become quite painful to watch - those flicking scenes were highly annoying ... <br /><br />CONCLUSION : If your a Catholic , defintly do n't see this . If you 're not , still do n't see it .
0 Spoilers.<br /><br />First off , nothing really happened in this movie , other than a woman bleeding inexplicably . Second , it was n't scary . Third , it had the worst soundtrack of any movie ever . Let me elaborate . The sound was edited by either Beavis or Butthead  I 'm not sure which , so let 's just go with Beavis . The movie gradually gets more and more quiet and the people mumble and mutter , forcing you to turn up the volume ( I watched this at home ) . Then Beavis blasts some really loud sounds with supposedly scary / shocking images , forcing you to quickly lower the volume again . This occurs many times until , mercifully , the movie ends . I can picture Beavis laughing vulgarly from behind the two - way mirror while watching the test group franticly reaching for the remote each time . If you have children and prefer to watch scary movies after they fall asleep , this one is a big mistake . But then it 's a big mistake anyway . Here 's a thought  if you 're going to make a horror movie , at least add a gratuitous beheading , a 19-year - old blond girl who screams at the top of her lungs just before she can take off her sweater , the shadow on the wall of someone being eaten alive just out of the camera range , a cat being thrown at the camera to scare the audience , some drifty weirdo with a maniacal laugh , or a monster who looks like a stage hand covered in aluminum foil ( a la TV 's Lost in Space ) . These people did n't even try to scare me . They just wanted to hurt my ears .
0 I am a kind person , so I gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1 . It was without a doubt the worst movie that I 've seen in a long time . There was very little plot and the deeper interesting areas that were touched upon i.e. what Jesus may really have wanted us to know , were glossed over and instead we were given heavy visual doses of sadistic punishment inflicted upon our heroine ( Arquette ) . Total crucifixion in the first 15 minutes would have been more humane to both her character and the audience . The acting was barely there and the direction was uninspired . And , if I saw one more drip of water or dove flying toward the camera , I may have started screaming louder than Patricia .
0 I find it hard to believe that anyone would put this movie in the same context as the Exorcist . Where the Exorcist was subtle and creepy , Stigmata was blunt , clumsy , and way too formulaic.<br /><br />This is one of the most visually beautiful films I 've seen in a while , but the imagery does not make up for the downward spiral of patronizing exposition that makes it unbearable . < br /><br />My interest in this movie was peaked when it was compared to The Exorcist , and my visit to the official web site increased that interest . The web site had many tales of " actual " stigmata throughout history . However , scene by scene , the movie is so obsessed by its quest for " genuineness " that it becomes comical at first , then outright hard to watch toward the end . I began getting suspicious when the priest charged with investigating potential miracles walks into the beauty parlor where our would - be heroine cuts hair and , evidently , flirts with priests.<br /><br />The plot : A woman without faith in God begins receiving the wounds of Christ ( the Stigmata ) and is baffled and upset about the ordeal . A priest is sent straight from the Vatican to investigate the case . Is Frankie possessed by Satan , or a vessel for Jesus Christ?<br /><br />The only miracle in this film is that it finally ends .
0 I 'm always suprised on how different all people are and how for almost every movie you get both extremes . People who think it 's the best movie and people who think it 's the worst.<br /><br />Stigmata would n't be the worst movie I 've ever seen , but it 's up there . First of all the sound . The producers spent more time on the soundtrack than the editing . It was so loud when the soundtrack was playing and no one was talking and then when Patrica was talking in her monotone voice , she could hardly be heard.<br /><br />I usually like Patrica and Gaberial , but they were both flat in this movie . Patrica had basically 3 emotions . Quiet , in great pain , or really angry she has stigmata . The first was the predominate one , the second involved screaming pain , the third involving raising her voice . It was loudness that distiguished the three and not emotion.<br /><br />Maybe I missed a lot of the deep meaning and subplots everyone was talking about , or maybe I was distracted by the terrible filming and MTV like style . When you watch a 3 minute video you need fast cuts and slow motion to convey a quick story , in a 2 hour feature film , it 's nauseating . I fail to see the meaning of her seeing that women across the steet and dropping a child . And no Pittsburg does not rain that often!!<br /><br />I think maybe a real story , with something to say could have been intended , but all the budget was spent on buying music and the equipment to do slow rain drop shots and renting that gorgous apartment that Ms. Arquett lived in that they ended up firing the guy with the story .
0 A hard to find film which coasts on the still pervasive mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as a political demon king . Boyle ( as Joe ) gives a compelling but historically inaccurate portrayal of the Wisconsin Senator , the caricature McCarthy many take as the real one . Meredith , as wily Army lawyer Joseph Welch , who outsmarted McCarthy at the Army hearings in 1954 , is very good , as always.<br /><br />In fact , McCarthy and Cohn were quite right in worrying about the appalling security situation in the Army , and the 1954 Army hearings became enmeshed in the smokescreen used by the Army to deflect the investigation away from their security failings , which the committee were investigating , by counter - charging that McCarthy and Cohn were trying to get favours for their staffer , David Schine , whilst in the service.<br /><br />The film is self satisfied agenda driven polemic , based in the pervasive myths which have passed for the truth with many people for decades - that the " red scare " was essentially phony and McCarthy , HUAC etc were always blasting away at the wrong targets , being no more than lying , career ruining publicity hounds , who were trampling over the constitutional rights of startled innocent liberals , who were accused of being security risks / communists.<br /><br />People who know little about the matter still feel confident in repeating misinformation on McCarthy and the " red scare " to this day - Clooney 's Murrow hagiography is an example . The misinformation is pervasive , no wonder people have swallowed it . A recent obit of Budd Schulberg in the serious left wing UK newspaper " The Guardian " headlined that the Hollywood writer " named names " " to McCarthy"- perpetuating the lie that McCarthy " investigated " Hollywood as head of HUAC - the truth being that McCarthy was never even a member of HUAC and he had little interest in the politics of Hollywood types - his investigations were confined almost exclusively to arms of the US government.<br /><br />The mythology about the " red scare " being baseless is now completely exploded by recently opened Soviet and US government documents , if anything McCarthy and co underestimated the sheer scale of Soviet and fellow traveller infiltration in the US , but decades of public misinformation about this period will be hard to correct.<br /><br />One day maybe some really brave Hollywood soul will make a movie telling the truth about how many American men and women clandestinely aided the mass murderer Stalin , and worked to impose his vicious system of government on the western world , giving an accurate account maybe of Joe McCarthy 's career - but I wo n't hold my breath . Till then , we have this mythical , drunken lying scoundrel of popular imagination so familiar in the media .... "Tail gunner Joe " .
0 The title says it all . " Tail Gunner Joe " was a tag given to the Senator which relied upon the ignorance of the public about World War II aircraft . The rear facing moving guns relied upon a latch that would prevent the rear gunner from shooting off the tail of the airplane by preventing the gun from firing when it pointed at the tail . When the Senator was practicing on the ground one day , he succeeded in shooting off the tail of the airplane . He could n't have done that if the gun had been properly aligned . The gunnery officer responsible for that admitted , in public , before a camera , that he was responsible -- he had made the error , not the Senator . The fact that the film did not report that fact , shows how one - sided it is . This film was designed to do one thing , destroy the reputation of a complex person.<br /><br />A much better program was the PBS special done on him . He was a hard working , intelligent , ambitious politician who overcame extraordinary disadvantages to rise to extraordinary heights . He made some mistakes , some serious mistakes , but shooting the tail off an airplane was not one of them.<br /><br />The popularity of this film is due to the fact that the public likes simple stories , one = sided stories , so that they do n't have to think .
0 This movie is a horrible distortion of lies and exaggerations that were put together by the most shameless lunatics to ever work on a TV movie . The story is wrong and a complete lie . There is nothing in this movie that accurately portrays Senator McCarthy . It 's just a horrible scam and it amazes me that anyone associated with this production ever got another job in the industry . The marxist - leninists who wrote this trash did so in order to attack a man who has been vindicated by history and their fear that anyone would dare to destroy communism . Unfortunately for these communist nut jobs , Ronald Reagan took over where McCarthy left off and they could n't stop him , thus the end of the Soviet Union and its ' cohorts.<br /><br />Never , ever watch this film if you 're looking for truth regarding Sen. McCarthy . Read Ann Coulter 's book , " Treason " for a better look at the truth about Sen. McCarthy.<br /><br />It will also help if you read about what really happened to Senator McCarthy by reading http://www.thenewamerican.com/tna/1996/vo12no18/vo12no18_mccarthy.htm
0 I only watched this film from beginning to end because I promised a friend I would . It lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have . It may be the worst film I have ever seen . I 'm surprised a distributor put their name on it .
0 Personally I would advise people to stay clear of this movie . It 's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed . Slow and not very convincing . If you buy the Hong Kong Legends DVD release of this movie , then the only thing worth listening to is the Bey Logan audio commentary.<br /><br />But in any case , since when has there ever been a Ninja film worth watching . I can not think of one and frankly do not wish to.<br /><br />Overall , when it comes to Movies , I have one golden rule : Avoid any films that contains the word ' Ninja ' .
0 This makes the third Errol Morris movie I 've seen , and I 'm increasingly not liking his style . He seems to find very interesting and varied characters , great personalities to create documentaries for , and then with tongue - in - cheek editing make fun of everything they are about . It 's never really a direct caricaturation of them and Morris seems most of the time to be saying , " But no , no , these people are really fascinating , really ! " , but there 's always these subtle little canted angles and not - so - subtle editing techniques that show that Morris seems to be mocking them behind their back.<br /><br />This movie tracks four people who break the traditional boundaries of organic separation ... a man who studies African hairless molerats to find that they are amazingly ant - like , a lion tamer , a man who keeps a garden full of animal - shaped shrubbery , and a robot designer . The general theme of the film seems to revolve around the question of what designates animal , human , and life features ? So the title of Fast , Cheap , & Out of Control does n't really seem to mean anything in terms of the movie ... right ? Except of course Morris seems just a little disturbed by these individuals ' passions ( he might call them " obsessions " ) making synthetic designs on life . I share not that fear and honestly do n't appreciate some of the connections Morris makes in the film.<br /><br />But I stress his subtlety . With no voice - over narration and leaving the words entirely to the interviewees , it 's not as if Morris ever pounds that anxiety onto the spectators ' collective head . Instead he mixes circus footage and ant footage together often at times when they 're taken out of the context of the circus and the ants , showing a sort of collective absurdity behind what all of these people are talking about . I do n't find them absurd , I find them all very neat and interesting individuals.<br /><br />Unless , of course , he did n't intend such juxtapositions , which means he 's just a bad craftsman instead of a silent subverter . Considering none of this films I 've seen so far have particularly impressed me , I do n't really care to find out what he 's trying to do.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
