1 I was never a big fan of television until I watched 24 for the first time . I got into the series very late . Season 5 ended before I even saw my very first episode . It was an episode of Series 3 that was on my parents DVR ( digital video recorder ) box while I was house sitting for the weekend . It took that one episode for me to be hook line and sinker into the world of Jack Bauer . And boy was I hooked ! ! I watched the next six episodes without blinking an eye . The next day I went to Blockbuster and signed up for an unlimited month pass for twenty something dollars and needless to say it has been the greatest blockbuster money I 've ever spent . I watched the first three seasons in three weeks . That 's 72 forty minute episodes ! ! ! I will say that finding out what happens next is easier on DVD than waiting an entire week . I can only imagine the anticipation of watching Season 6 week to week ! ! I find it mildly torturous and cruel but I 'm going to give it a try and watch it just like the rest of America ! ! The DVR is set and you can bet I 'll be chomping at the bit ! !
1 On the day of the California Presidential Primary , between midnight and 1:00 AM , the spy Victor Rovner sends a message from Kuala Lumpur to USA . Meanwhile , in Los Angeles , the Federal Agent Jack Bauer has returned to his family and is having trouble at home with his teenage daughter Kimberly , who blames her mother Teri for putting Jack out of the house . Teri and Jack decide to have a serious conversation with Kim , and they discover that the girl has run away home . While trying to solve his domestic problem , Jack is called to his Counter Terrorist Unit by his colleague Nina Myers for a meeting with their chief Richard Walsh , who discloses a menace against the life of Senator David Palmer , who is running for president , and they need to find the shooter . Later , Walsh has a private conversation with Jack and tells that there is a conspiracy in the agency against David Palmer , and assigns Jack to find the conspirators . When an airplane explodes over the Mojave Desert , Jack has one additional issue to worry about.<br /><br />The first episode of " 24 " is a promising beginning of a successful series , introducing Jack Bauer . This is the first time that I have watched this show and I confess that I liked what I have seen : a complex and dramatic story , with multiple and realistic characters . Kiefer Sutherland is perfect in the role of a family man and a reliable agent in charge of three difficult missions at the same time : find a killer to protect an important politician ; find a traitor in his agency ; and find his teenage daughter , who is getting in trouble , while trying to save his marriage . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " 12:00 "
1 " Addictive " is an adjective I 've heard many times when talking of certain TV shows . Most recently , dramas like Lost , Heroes and Prison Break have earned that description . However , as compelling as they may be ( and they really are ) I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of either series , even Prison Break which some have lazily classified as " the new 24 " . With all due respect , there can be no such thing , and for a good reason : no other silver - screen thriller is based on a real - time structure . That 's what sets 24 apart from any other show , and that 's why I practically have to watch an entire season ( on DVD ) in seven days or less : once the frickin ' clock starts ticking , it 's impossible to tune out.<br /><br />An episode whose events unfolded over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue ( and , more recently , Deadwood ) ; having an entire season of a new series last 24 hours , one per ep ( the actual running time is 41 minutes ; the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show airs on telly ) , was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues introduced non - linear storytelling ( a mandatory element nowadays ) . And it truly paid off.<br /><br />Ironically enough , the original plan for the series was to make it revolve around a wedding ( fortunately , creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller ) , which is probably the reason the first glimpse we get of the hero suggests a cheerful atmosphere : looking extremely relaxed , Jack Bauer ( Kiefer Sutherland ) is enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly ( Elisha Cuthbert ) and , minutes later , being tender with Teri ( Leslie Hope ) , the wife with whom he has just reconciled . As in The Sopranos , though , something unexpected and shocking is just behind the corner : not only has Kim snuck out of her room , Jack also receives a phone call urging him to get to work immediately . At midnight ? I 'm afraid so : Bauer is a CTU ( Counter Terrorist Unit ) agent , and his boss has acquired reliable intel about a possible hit on the life of David Palmer ( Dennis Haysbert ) , an African - American Presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles for the whole day ( oh , right , I almost forgot : events occur on the day of the California Presidential Primary ) . No time for napping , then : Jack has to spend the next 24 hours working on the case . Unfortunately , he has a tendency to ignore protocol , and that does n't sit well with George Mason ( Xander Berkeley ) , a slimy man from Division who has been asked to interfere with the operation.<br /><br />The plot is very dense , making the show hard to recommend for those with a short attention span , but anyone willing to take a look will be rewarded instantly : the writing is sharp and precise , the attention to detail unsurpassed , and the suspense is consistently sky - high , mainly thanks to the real - time trickery which considerably enhances the adrenaline level.<br /><br />Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization : most genre shows ( sci - fi and thriller ) tend to simply introduce the key players and then define them later on ( a textbook example is CSI , where character development is minimal , but then again that matches the show 's unique style ) , whereas the series debut of 24 offers a rich array of fully rounded people , among whom Jack ( Sutherland 's best role - ever ! ) and Palmer ( the real revelation of the show ) stand out for being perfectly described after one episode only ( the former divided between job and family , reckless but humane , the latter honorable and endowed with great integrity ) . A couple of supporting parts border on stereotype ( Mason and Tony Almeida especially ) , but two factors ought to be taken into account : a ) this is the first episode ; b ) there 's so much going on most viewers wo n't even complain about a " flaw " or two . After all , how many network programs manage to begin with a conspiracy , a missing teenager AND a huge explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season?<br /><br />Tick , tock , tick , tock ...
1 The first time I saw this episode was like a shock to me , it was actually the first time I saw " 24 " . The speed things are happening is amazing , and it 's so surprising , thrilling , and even interesting , it 's almost as if you are reading a book ; once you start it , it 's very hard to stop . From the minute Richard Walsh was talking privately to Jack about the possibility that they have a mole inside CTU , I was sitting 6:40 hours , which means 10 episodes ! ! ! ( Sounds funny and crazy , but I 'm the kind of guy which when he is interested he just ca n't stop)This series is one of the best of it 's kind . And it 's build in a way of having a few different stories that are being connected together . Recommended in every way !
1 24 is the best television show ! ! ! ! ! It 's an incredible TV series with an incredible suspense , excellent plots and unforgettable characters . And the first episode of all is my best evidence . Because it 's only the first episode , only the introduction , and you are hooked because of the plot and the continuous twists and turns.<br /><br />Jack Bauer is a federal agent who is assigned the protection of the senator David Palmer . He ca n't trust in anybody because people of the CTU may be involved . And , when this events occurred his daughter : Kimberly escapes from house to a party . But ... <br /><br />At the end of the episode , you want to watch more , and more , and more . < br /><br />It 's only the first of the lot , and it 's excellent .
1 24 has got to be the best spy / adventure series TV had ever aired . The whole idea of telling a story in a 24 hour real time period is dazzling . The style of filming and pacing is what hooks us to watch it . And Jack Bauer is one of the greatest protagonists in a TV series in a long time . I rate this , along with The Simpsons and The X - Files , my three most favorite TV series.<br /><br />This first episode begins with the conspiracy to assassinate US Senator David Palmer who is also running for president . Bauer is called to his office in order to discover who is behind all this and , at the same time , figure his daughter 's path to the unkwown after fleeing from her bedroom . Thus , begins an adventure on the best political style and , what 's best of it , is that it always takes place in real time , which makes this TV series a real work of originality in a time where almost every program on TV seems to be showing us the same things over and over and over .
1 My favorite movie genre is the western , it 's really the only movie genre that is of American origin . And despite Sergio Leone , no one does them quite like Americans.<br /><br />Right at the top of my list of ten favorites westerns is Winchester 73 . It was the first pairing and only black and white film of the partnership of director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart . It was also a landmark film in which Stewart opted for a percentage of the profits instead of a straight salary from Universal . Many such deals followed for players , making them as rich as the moguls who employed them.<br /><br />Anthony Mann up to this point had done mostly B pictures , noir type stuff with no real budgets . Just before Winchester 73 Mann had done a fine western with Robert Taylor , Devil 's Doorway , that never gets enough praise . I 'm sure James Stewart must have seen it and decided Mann was the person he decided to partner with.<br /><br />In this film Mann also developed a mini stock company the way John Ford was legendary for . Besides Stewart others in the cast like Millard Mitchell , Steve Brodie , Dan Duryea , John McIntire , Jay C. Flippen and Rock Hudson would appear in future Mann films.<br /><br />It 's a simple plot , James Stewart is obsessed with finding a man named Dutch Henry Brown and killing him . Why I wo n't say , but up to this point we had never seen such cold fury out of James Stewart on screen . Anthony Mann reached into Jimmy Stewart 's soul and dragged out some demons all of us are afraid we have.<br /><br />The hate is aptly demonstrated in a great moment towards the beginning of the film . After Stewart and sidekick Millard Mitchell are disarmed by Wyatt Earp played by Will Geer because guns are n't carried in Earp 's Dodge City . There 's a shooting contest for a Winchester rifle in Dodge City and the betting favorite is Dutch Henry Brown , played with menace by Stephen McNally . Stewart , Mitchell and Geer go into the saloon and Stewart and McNally spot each other at the same instant and reach to draw for weapons that are n't there . Look at the closeups of Stewart and McNally , they say more than 10 pages of dialog.<br /><br />Another character Stewart runs into in the film is Waco Johnny Dean played by Dan Duryea who almost steals the film . This may have been Duryea 's finest moment on screen . He 's a psychopathic outlaw killer who 's deadly as a left handed draw even though he sports two six guns . < br /><br />Another person Stewart meets is Shelley Winters who 's fiancé is goaded into a showdown by Duryea and killed . Her best scenes are with Duryea who 's taken a fancy to her . She plays for time until she can safely get away from him . Guess who she ultimately winds up with?<br /><br />There are some wonderful performances in some small roles , there ai n't a sour note in the cast . John McIntire as a shifty Indian trader , Jay C. Flippen as the grizzled army sergeant and Rock Hudson got his first real notice as a young Indian chief . Even John Alexander , best known as ' Theodore Roosevelt ' in Arsenic and Old Lace has a brief , but impressive role as the owner of a trading post where both McNally and Stewart stop at different times.<br /><br />Mann and Stewart did eight films together , five of them westerns , and were ready to do a sixth western , Night Passage when they quarreled and Mann walked off the set . The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality films .
1 For Anthony Mann the Western was ' legend'- and ' legend ' makes the very best cinema ! Mann 's work was full of intensities and passions , visually dramatic , and the action always excitingly photographed ... <br /><br />Stewart , a docile actor with the ability of displaying anger , neurosis and cruelty , made with Anthony Mann , five remarkable Westerns : " Winchester ' 73 ; " " Bend of the River ; " " The Naked Spur ; " " The Far Country ; " and " The Man from Laramie." < br /><br />In " Winchester ' 73 , " Stewart reveals his darker side ... He offers all the reserves of anger , inner ambivalence , and emotional complexity in his nature that his audiences had , up till this time , failed to catch ... <br /><br />A carefully chosen cast increases the proceedings in fine style : Shelley Winters is at her saucy best ; Dan Duryea perfect as the vicious , sneering psychopathic villain ; John McIntire great as the unscrupulous character ; Charles Drake so good as the man who attempts to face his tormentor ; and a very young Rock Hudson , attempts the role of an Indian Chief ... < br /><br />"Winchester ' 73 " is the story of a perfectly crafted and highly prized , rifle in the Dodge City Kansas of 1876 ... Stewart and his estranged brother , who bears another name ( Stephen McNally ) , compete fiercely for possession of it , and though Stewart wins , McNally steals it and sets off cross - country with Stewart in pursuit ... What gives the pursuit an element of the demonic , is Stewart 's determination to revenge his father 's death at the hands of that same renegade brother—a revenge fed by long - standing fratricidal hatred ... <br /><br />Photographed in gorgeous Black & White , the film comes on as powerful and arresting , acted with deep feeling and intense concentration , not only by Stewart but by all the supporting characters ... <br /><br />Look fast for a promising newcomer , Tony Curtis , the soldier who finds the rifle after the Indian attack ...
1 The traditional Western is synonymous with wide open spaces , clearcut morality , inevitable storylines , the optimistic faith in a hero 's ability to shape his own destiny , to escape his past . These qualities reflect directly the American sense of self , the self - shaping Dream , the pushing of boundaries and frontiers , which is why the genre is still alluded to by opportunistic politicians . With some noble exceptions ( eg Wellman , Hawks ) , the Western was healthily free of neuroses or real anxiety . Anthony Mann changed all that forever , and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent , vivid , complex , not to say exciting Westerns ever made.<br /><br />The traditional Western depends on a hero who exemplifies rugged wholesomeness , whatever misfortunes he may have had in the past , a supporter of order and right , who dominates the film , removes its obstacles , restores harmony in effect ; and an obvious villain , who often , ironically , drives the plot , forces the hero into certain actions . The difference between the two is often delineated as mythically simple as the wearing of white or black hats.<br /><br />Mann 's background was in film noir , a genre antithetical to wide open spaces and optimism . Noir was neurotically charged , focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist , where morality is blurred , the hero is as often the villain , trapped in an interior - labyrinth of his own making , a passive victim to destiny . Noir is about regress not progress , the interrogating and denying of modes and signs of representation , not the creation and confirmation of them.<br /><br />WINCHESTER 73 is fraught with noir anxiety . Noir is often considered a psychological genre , visualising the traumas of its protagonist 's head . 73 does this too , and is all the more disturbing in that that protagonist is lovely , homespun Jimmy Stewart , initiating here his great run of difficult films with Mann and Hitchcock . In many ways , good - natured and sweet , representing right and trying to restore disruptions to the natural order , he is also a near - lunatic who will stop at nothing to achieve murderous revenge , whose relentless quest mirrors Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCHERS in its inhuman persistance , whose human instincts are frayed by this quest , and whose bursts of violence are genuinely terrifying to witness.<br /><br />As in noir , his anxiety has a psychological base - unlike most ' healthy ' heroes who have outgrown ( symbolically killed ) their fathers , McAdam 's father was killed before he could complete the process ; his chasing his brother is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against stunted growth . The climactic shoot - out is not cathartic : McAdam staggers back into ' normal ' society , like he 's just witnessed some of the world 's most ghastly horrors.<br /><br />What is most unsettling about the film is that it 's not really about a hero or a villain at all , but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives the action . 73 opens with the gun of the title privileged , on display behind a glass window , while its admirers are trapped , squashed , undifferentiated , framed , admiring it outside . Throughout the film , human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers - names change ; Lin and Dutch mime shooting each other because they 've no guns ; quests lose their moral vitality and their practitioners veer close to madness ; armies have to ask for help from Confederate strangers to fight battles ; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name ; another man is revealed as a coward when he abandons his fiancee to the Indians ; the gun retains its prestige , power , wholeness.<br /><br />It 's not the revenge plot which drives the film , but the story of the gun ; this wrenches the film out of conventional expectations , and creates an eerie , alienating , modern feel . We become so caught up in the revenge plot that when we follow , with the gun , another plot entirely , we feel slightly bewildered.<br /><br />This emphasis on the gun , symbol of potent masculinity , actually allows for a critique of that masculinity , revealing pointless elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order ; brute capitalist greed ; murderous Indian - traders who defraud both seller and enemy ; cowards ; psychotic killers ; before returning to its ' true ' owner , a broken hero thoroughly compromised , who has become as murderous as the murderer he seeks . The gun is never imprinted with the name of its owner , not only because there is no fixed owner , but because there is no fixed masculinity , an insight anathema to the traditional Western.<br /><br />73 brilliantly invokes Western myths - Wyatt Earp , Dodge City , the Cavalry , the Civil War , the wide open West - only to undermine them . Earp has an inflated reputation that is all name but never proven - Dodge City is no safer against outlaws than anywhere else ; the Cavalry is inept ( Custer has just lost Little Big Horn ) and the bitter feud of the War is shown to be irrelevant . The myth of the open West is a site for a very closed , inescapable , circular plot which traps its characters , refuses to allow them shape their destiny , but allowing it to shape them.<br /><br />The old John Ford silhouette of riders on a vast mountain is reprised , but signals here not progress but repetition and circularity . But for all its deconstruction , the film is also tangibly vivid in a way few Westerns ever achieve . Mann 's incisive technique intrudes his camera in crucial positions , alternating revealing distance with intense examination , making the saloon doors and stagecoaches seem thrillingly alive and lived in .
1 In the fifties the age restrictions for films in Brazil were the following : no restriction , 10 years old , 14 years old and 18 years old . Usually the westerns were allowed for ten years old , when they had a bit more of violence they would go to 14 , but it was rare to see a western restricted for younger than 18 . Winchester 73 was one of those , and I think this explains very well how this film was considered different from average . The hero , James Stewart was fighting against his own brother who had killed their father . He was looking for revenge and seemed quite traumatized , far from the average good guy . Anthony Mann tried variations on this type of character in the next films he did with Stewart . Shelley Winters , the leading lady was far from virtuous , she kept following the man who stayed with the rifle . Dan Duryea as Waco Johnnie Dean is one of those great villains that will always be remembered . The story of the film , which always follows the man who stays with the rifle , is one of the best suited for a western . It was to be made into a Fritz Lang film , which did not come through . When it was offered to Mann he made a point of starting from zero again and not taking anything that was prepared for Lang . With Winchester , Mann created a different conception of western , but still maintaining all its traditions . Winchester still is a great film to see again and again , but nothing will be comparable to the impression it made in those who saw it when it was originally released .
1 Buffs of the adult western that flourished in the 1950s try and trace its origins to the film that kicked off the syndrome . Of course , we can go back to Howard Hawks 's Red River ( 1948 ) or further still to John Ford 's My Darling Clementine ( 1946 ) , but if we want to stick with this single decade , then it has to be one of a couple of films made in that era 's initial year . One is " The Gunfighter , " an exquisitely grim tale of a famed gunslinger ( Ringo ) facing his last shootout . Another from that same year is " Winchester ' 73 , " and it 's worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both as grim , mustached , highly realistic range riders . In The Gunfighter , he 's the town marshal expected to arrest Ringo but once rode with him in an outlaw gang . In Winchester , he 's the sidekick to Jimmy Stewart , a kind of Horatio to Stewart 's Hamlet in this epic / tragic tale . The plot is simple enough : Stewart 's lonesome cowpoke wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting match , beating the meanest man in the west ( Stephen McNally ) , who is actually his own brother and caused the death of their father . When the brother steals the gun , Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the frontier , meeting up with both outlaws and Indians . ( In one wonderful bit , two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an Indian chief and a U.S. cavalry soldier - during a well staged pitched - battle . Dan Duryea steals the whole show as a giggling outlaw leader , while Shelly Winters , just before she began to gain weight , is fine as the shady lady who ties all the plots together . Today , filmmakers would go on for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen , but Anthony Mann does so in an extremely economical amount of time , with not a minute wasted . Such western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp ( terrifically played by Will Geer ) make brief appearances , adding to the historicity as well as the epic nature . The final battle between good and bad brothers , high atop a series of jutting rock canyons , is now legendary among western buffs . It 's also worth noting that Stewart , however much associated he became with western films , does what is actually his first western leading man role here - yes , he was in Destry Rides Again eleven years earlier , but was cast in that comedy spoof because he seemed so WRONG for westerns !
1 In 1942 a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a set of stories that were basically unrelated , but tied together with a suit of men 's evening wear . Each story began when the " tails " were passed from one owner ( Charles Boyer , for instance ) to another ( Ceasar Romero ) . WINCHESTER ' 73 , a superior film , and a great western , has a similar plot twist . Initially it is about how Jimmy Stewart is seeking Stephen ( Horace ) MacMahon for some deadly grudge . But in the course of the film the two men get into a shooting contest , the prize ( given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer ) being one of the new Winchester rifles . Stewart barely beats out MacMahon , but the gun is stolen from Stewart , and the chase is on . < br /><br />The gun passes from hand to hand , including John McIntyre ( as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant ) , to Rock Hudson ( in a surprising role - and a brief one at that ) , to Charles Drake , to Dan Duryea ( as the delightfully deadly and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean ) , to MacMahon . Eventually it does return to Stewart.<br /><br />The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann . Every character has a wide variety of experiences . Duryea gets the rifle literally over Drake 's dead body ( Duryea forces the issue ) . But he loses it to MacMahon , who is faster on the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle . As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance , Winter ( who watched Duryea kill her former boy friend Drake ) drops her distaste for the gunman momentarily to ask why he put up with MacMahon 's bullying for the gun . Philosophically , Duryea explains he can wait . Some opportunity will come up later on ( i.e. , when he can safely kill MacMahon and get back the rifle ) . < br /><br />The characters are remarkably human . Winters first appears as the future bride of Drake , but she sees a really big negative side to him - an unforgivable side . Drake is aware of this lapse , and it helps lead to his destruction . Other characters have realistic touches , such as J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Steward 's friend Millard Mitchell . Oh yes , and with Flippen 's fellow soldier - Tony Curtis . Flippen makes one believe this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before , since 1861 probably . Steward had showed emotions in other films . In IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE he showed a degree of anger at times , and also a near nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life . But here he showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprised Duryea ( who normally would show such anger himself).<br /><br />The parts of this film fit very neatly together , under Mann 's competent hands . This is one western that never wears out , as the audience watches the travels of a Winchester rifle .
1 I was very impressed with this film . I would have to rate it as one of the better classic - era westerns . I say that for the whole thing : the acting , mature dialog , no- nonsense story and excellent cinematography.<br /><br />Director Anthony Mann , who did several well - photographed film noirs around this same era , also made some westerns such as this one . It has that same film - noir look . Mann and Jimmy Stewart collaborated on several westerns during this period . . If you like this movie , I recommend the Mann - Stewart film " Bend Of The River." < br /><br />In a nutshell , the story is about a man , " Lin McAdam , " ( Stewart ) who owns this prestigious Winchester 73 rifle , a weapon he won fair - and - square in a contest . It is then stolen and passed on from villain to villain . All of those villains are interesting characters.<br /><br />Aiding Stewart act out this interesting tale are Shelley Winters , Dan Duryea , Stephen McNally , Millard Mitchell , Charles Drake , Will Greer and J. C. Flippen . All of them are fun to watch . It was a bit of a stretch , however , to see Rock Hudson playing an Indian ( " Young Bull " ) , but you ca n't have everything .
1 For the viewer who comes upon it long after its making , " Winchester ' 73 " has something in common with " Casablanca . " While you watch it , you get this feeling that you 're looking at a string of clichés encountered so often in the genre ; then you realise that the clichés became clichés only after being copied from this particular film , and that they were so widely copied because this film was so great . In other words , it 's a seminal work.<br /><br />"Winchester ' 73 " is a joy to watch . The broad lines of the plot are somewhat predictable , but mostly because you 've seen them copied so many times in later movies , and nevertheless it still contains a number of twists which surprise you . The dialogue , the pacing and Mann 's direction are excellent . Stewart shines in particular , and if you 're a fan this is a " must - see , " but he is not alone in delivering a good performance . Remarkably , many of the most thoughtful and/or witty lines go to minor characters . Because this makes these characters ( much ) more than cardboard cutouts , it lent additional realism to the film . < br /><br />This is a remarkably underrated film , and well worth keeping an eye out for . The DVD also contains an interview with Stewart which provides some background on the film .
1 This stirring western spins the tale of the famous rifle of the early west that was coveted by one and all . James Stewart is the cowboy who wins the prized Winchester in a shootout , only to lose it in a robbery . The story details Stewart 's pursuit of the rifle and a certain man through the film . The rifle changes hands time after time , as though the owner is fated to lose it through violence . The picture has plenty of action and suspense as Stewart closes in on his quarry . A great cast supports Stewart here , namely Stephen McNally , Dan Duryea , Millard Mitchell , John McIntire and Jay C. Flippen . Shelley Winters seems miscast here and the purpose of her role is rather obscure . Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson , teen heartthrobs in later years , have brief but good roles .
1 Winchester 73 gets credit from many critics for bringing back the western after WWII . Director Anthony Mann must get a lot of credit for his excellent direction . Jimmy Stewart does an excellent job , but I think Stephen McNalley and John McIntire steal the movie with their portrayal of two bad guys involved in a high stakes poker game with the treasured Winchester 73 going to the winner . This is a good script with several stories going on at the same time . Look for the first appearance of Rock Hudson as Young Bull . Thank God , with in a few years , we would begin to let Indians play themselves in western films . The film is in black and white and was shot in Tucson Arizona . I would not put Winchester 73 in the category of Stagecoach , High Noon or Shane , but it gets an above average recommendation from me.<br /><br />.
1 James Stewart stars in a classic western tale of revenge which ties in with the fate of the films other star the Winchester Rifle . Stewart is it goes without saying excellent adding some cold hard obsession to his usual laid back cowboy . The story follows the fate of a Winchester rifle and its owners after being won in a competition by our hero and stolen by the man he is hunting.<br /><br />We meet a selection of gamblers , gun fighters , Indian traders and bank robers as we follow the rifles path through Indian battles , bank heists etc . The supporting cast are all solid with Dan Durya standing out as Waco Johnny Dean the live - wire gunfighter with an itchy trigger finger . Also as a trivia note a very early appearance from Rock Hudson as an Indian chief.<br /><br />The end showdown is a classic a tense rifle battle fought at long range in and around a rocky outcrop . Throw in some good old western action , fist fights , shootouts and horseback chases it makes for a rollicking western adventure . 8/10
1 Winchester ' 73 is a great story , and that 's what I like about it . It 's not your everyday western -- it uses a rifle , which passes hands from various characters -- as a mechanism for telling the story about these people . Rock Hudson plays an indian chief , Jimmy Stewart plays a great leading man with heart and strength , and Shelly Winters plays a gal who has to cope with the realities of her husband and the wild west . It 's important to note for those politically correct types -- they kill a lot of indians in this movie without remorse . By today 's standards , it 's still pretty violent . But it 's a great story and worth watching . Enjoy !
1 A new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor James Stewart teamed with the equally - brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future . Until that time Stewart was mainly noted for an aw .. aw .. aw approach to family oriented comedies , dramas , and romances . Not that he was n't already a multi - talented Hollywood star . One of his best screen performances ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was as Macaulay ' Mike ' Connor , a sarcastic writer for a scandal rag in " The Philadelphia Story . " He had even done westerns before . His portrayal of gun shy yet expert shot Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the comedy western " Destry Rides Again " helped make that film a classic . But to most movie goers he was the all - American boyscout type Mr. Smith or George Bailey . Seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played . < br /><br />Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in the film noir mode . " Raw Deal , " " Side Street , " and " T - Men " caught the eye of James Stewart . So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made . " Winchester ' 73 " and " The Man from Laramie " were the best but the others were almost as effective . Mann became a successful director of A films as a result going on to direct what some critics believe to be the greatest western of them all Gary Cooper 's " Man of the West . " Stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed for part of the royalties in return for a fraction of the salary he was usually paid , a wise move indeed followed by many other actors from then on.<br /><br />Winchester ' 73 was also one of the first films , maybe the first , to tell a story from the standpoint of a traveling gun . Each owner is part of the tale being told and it all comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie , which also holds a surprise for the viewer . Based on a story by Stuart Lake , the tale centers on revenge and the ownership of the Winchester ' 73 . The year is 1876 . Custer and his 7th cavalry have been annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn . The whites want revenge . The native Americans want their land and their way of life back . This conflict leads to a confrontation between native Americas led by Young Bull ( young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor ) and a small cavalry group pinned down in a canyon and joined by civilians Lin McAdam ( Stewart ) , his partner and life - long pal High Spade ( the underrated actor Millard Mitchell ) , and a couple trying to find themselves , Steve Miller ( Charles Drake ) and Lola Manners ( Shelley Winters ) , a soiled dove with a kind heart . Among the horse soldiers are newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best ( late of the " Dukes of Hazzard " ) , whose part is cut short by a bullet.<br /><br />Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876 . The movie has him as head marshal . The fine actor Will Geer ( later of the Waltons ) looks like an older Earp . In reality Wyatt was assistant Marshal in Dodge at the time just cutting his teeth on being a lawman . Lin McAdam wins the Winchester in a shooting contest , but has it taken from him not long afterward by outlaw Dutch Henry Brown ( Stephen McNally ) and his henchmen . McAdam and High Spade are after both Dutch Henry and the Winchester for the remainder of the movie . An even more sinister character emerges along the way , Waco Johnnie Dean , played as evil personified by Dan Duryea who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast.<br /><br />The Winchester passes through several hands during the course of the film , each time the transfer is intense . One involves a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire . Other swaps are intermingled with the scenario above . All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the entire show.<br /><br />As noted above , the cast is first rate down to the smallest role . Look for other familiar faces in uncredited parts , including the future sheriff of " Bonanza " Ray Teal and B western reliable Panhandle Perkins ( Guy Wilkerson ) .
1 WINCHESTER 73 is the story of a man ( Jimmy Stewart ) obsessed with getting back his prized possession , a repeating rifle made by Winchester . The rifle keeps changing hands , and Stewart doggedly keeps after it . This 1950 B&W effort by Anthony Mann is more a crime film than a traditional western , and the cowboys often seem more like modern - day gangsters than old - fashioned cowboys . Shelley Winters plays a woman of questionable virtue who is headed for a ranch with a man ( Charles Drake ) she may marry . She ends up falling for Stewart , but not before she is passed around a bit . Winters is the most complex character in a film filled with unusual characters . Watch for a young Dan Dureyea as a nutty killer and Tony Curtis in a very small role . A woefully miscast Will Geer plays Wyatt Earp .
1 By 1955 , five years after this one was released James Stewart and Anthony Mann had completed another six films together , four of them Westerns . Their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a Universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic . Buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that 's not counting Ray Teal or ' Anthony ' Curtis , later to become Tony . Perhaps ten years later the ' psychological ' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw Ahab into the mix with Cain and Abel , to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way , and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned . One to add to the DVD collection .
1 This is quite an unusual and unique little western , that is made mostly original due to its story that revolves around an unique and superior Winchester 1873 rifle and all of those who get to poses it at one point or another in the movie.<br /><br />It 's mostly a very entertaining movie to watch but not without still being a real western as well . The movie got done in a typical ' 40's/'50 's style of western genre film - making , so the lovers of the genre should not be turned off by its somewhat unusual main premise.<br /><br />Because the rifle is actually being the main plot device of the movie , it allows the story to follow multiple characters throughout the movie , who are all connected of course and the story makes full circle in the end . Without that this movie would had been a pretty messy one to watch , since the story often jumps from the one hazardous occasion into the other , with constantly different characters involved . Quite amazing how they even managed to put Wyatt Earp in this all . But it 's no criticism really . I liked that the movie and its story were being original and how the movie seemed to move from the one event to the other . It gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment.<br /><br />It 's also a really great looking movie . I liked the settings the movie used and it seems quite amazing that this was actually the director Anthony Mann 's first western . Luckily he would go on to direct more westerns later on , which also often would star James Stewart in the main lead.<br /><br />It was a pretty daring casting choice to pick James Stewart as the main lead . He is one of the softest and most polite looking and acting actors , so casting him as a tough gunslinger seems like a bit of an odd pick . But Stewart is surprisingly convincing as a tough guy and it shows how versatile and really capable as an actor he actually was . < br /><br />It also has some other surprising actors in the movie , that are not often get connected with this genre . Shelley Winters plays the female lead and also later well known actors Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis appear in some small roles.<br /><br />A real western with also plenty of action and entertainment to it.<br /><br />8/10
1 Saw this flick on ENCW last nite for the third or fourth time . Enjoyed it so much I ordered the DVD . This really is a standout and of course the first of the Mann - Stewart pairings . More here than the usual oater , although not quite as powerful as The Searchers . Lots of obvious symbolism about achieving manhood but mainly it 's the acting by Stewart , his partner Millard Mitchell , Shelly Winters and the Waco Johnny Dean- Dan Duryea . Steve Miller ( not The Joker ) is interesting as a handsome would be hero who 's interested in Lola but too yellow . Like Stewart in The Man Who Killed Liberty Valance , he 's practically reduced to putting on an apron and serving his enemies coffee . Decaf no doubt . Tony Curtis from the Bronx Cavalry and Rock Hudson behaving like no Indian I 've seen on screen have interesting cameos.<br /><br />Special performances by John McIntire as a too lucky card dealing / gun trader who hangs out at a very low grade Western version of Rick 's American Cafe . Nobody wants to spend the night there . Jay C. Flippens out over a kiss from Lola ( Winters ) and has some nice scenes with Stewart before he gets to Bend of the River and Far Country . Will Geer as Wyatt Earp and the Indian Chief who takes Walter Brennan 's teeth from him in Red River are pleasant sightings . This is the kind of western that only Stewart , not Wayne nor Scott could have pulled off . Worth the shot , I repeat . :-)
1 The larger - than - life figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson , and the specters of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull , loom over director Anthony Mann 's hugely entertaining first western with James Stewart . Although Stewart 's quest to avenge his father 's murder is the primary story , Winchester ' 73 is really an ensemble piece , with the eponymous , one - in - a - thousand firearm passing through the hands of many colorful owners , including a wry trader ( John McIntire , especially great ) and outlaw Dan Duryea , who 's even more despicable than usual . The film 's conflation of fiction and history produces a breezy pace and an ambivalent tone brilliantly in step with Mann 's pared - down , compositionally rigorous film - making . His themes of psychological unrest and past dictating present faintly underlie this tall tale of good and bad men chasing after a fabled gun , but they starkly emerge in a vignette about a husband 's cowardice and failed attempt at atonement , and are defined in Stewart 's conversations with sidekick Millard Mitchell . Mann 's use of environment is what sets him apart from other filmmakers of westerns . Instead of gazing at vistas from afar , he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect , complicate , or evoke the human characters ' goals . Just as mountains , caves , and rapids had to be accounted for in The Naked Spur , here a gunfight occurs amidst the loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain , a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the roles of victor and victim between two equally skilled sharpshooters . ( I would be remiss in not recognizing cinematographer William H. Daniels 's contribution , particularly his superlative day - for - night , open - range photography . ) Not merely an adept outdoorsman , Mann presents an equally vivid picture of Wyatt Earp - patrolled Dodge City , primarily through scaled , multiple - plane staging . The shooting contest does not depend on brisk camera shifts or twitchy cuts for effect because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot . Nor does he care to spell out the plot in dialogue , relying on the actors ' eyes or a well - chosen image to convey the stakes . One scene in particular serves to explain his attitude : Mitchell 's telling of Stewart 's motivation to Shelley Winters , which is interrupted by the climactic gunfight that soon enough reveals all . Light without feeling insubstantial , intense without being overbearing , Winchester ' 73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to behold .
1 One of the greatest westerns of all time ! But this one , unlike many others , does not deal with the nature , horses , shootouts , etc . , but instead deals with one rifle , the Winchester ' 73 , and how this one rifle effects others and how they effect it . A rifle is not a living , breathing , human being , right ? You may be inclined to believe that it is not . But it seems to have a mind of its own , for two very similar reasons : it gets back to its rightful owner in the end , even though that throughout the rest of the picture , its unthoughtful " owners " do their best to make sure it does not , and it never seems to be content until it gets back to its original owner , so , coincidentally , the unthoughtful " owners " always seem to lose it somehow or get killed trying to protect and keep it , until it gets back to James Stewart , then it is " content " . But , not every one of the owners deserves to have it . Stewart does , of course , since he won it . McNally does not , since he had to be a dirty thief and steal it . Drake definitely does not , because he would probably lose it in some poker game , and besides , Drake is too cowardly to fight , so why should he have a one - of - a - kind rifle if he will not even use it ? Duryea does not , because he is just a chuckling maniac , and we all know that chuckling maniacs do not deserve guns . This film has a sort of noir edge that only Westerns can have , such as the Ox - Bow Incident . Westerns have their own type of noir , much different than the 30 's and 40 's Bogart films . It is , hands - down , the best one out of all five Stewart - Mann westerns , even though my personal favorite is " Bend of the River " . The other four became much different than this one . I do not think it a coincidence to see that the other four were color , and this is black and white . This is because of the noir edge . All five films had the revenge and the dark past on Stewart 's part play into the film , to the point where this is not just Stewart 's dark side , but also actually a sort of character , not one to be listed in the credits , but one that you can only recognize and know that it is there , always present . However , this one , not just on revenge and the dark past , but also in terms of supreme danger , and characters that were very different than Stewart make it surpass the other four in all aspects . But Stewart never crosses the line . He does , however , walk the line between light and dark . This is why black and white played such an integral part in the film . They could have all been black and white , or they could have all been color . But this one is in black and white , and the other four are in color , and there is a very good reason for that .
1 The narrative affirms the classic image of good versus evil in the form of a struggle of brother against brother . The main character , Lin Macadam , played by James Stewart , represents justice and righteousness . His brother , who operates under the persona of Dutch Henry Brown , played by Stephen McNally , stands for the classic stage - coach robbing western outlaw , chased by his brother for having killed their father . The world the story takes place is the classic dystopian west where the only way to prevent its inhabitants from killing each other is to take away their sidearms as soon as they enter town , and the man responsible for keeping this law and order is the classic western lawman Wyat Earp . < br /><br />Present as well are such flat characters typical of the western , such as the murderous Indian warrior , the besieged cavalryman , and the bonnet - clad damsel in distress . < br /><br />Another important archetype in this film , that which gives the film it 's name , is a custom made Winchester rifle . The weapon can be viewed as an allegory for the rewards given to those who do things honorably . Once it is stolen from its rightful owner , it brings tragedy to everyone that comes in contact with it . In this sense it resembles other such icons like the holy grail in Raiders of the Lost Ark , and the blood stained letter in Saving Private Ryan . This gives the film an element of surrealism which is usually absent from westerns , a genre not known for esoteric themes and symbols . < br /><br />Being essentially a revenge film , it shares this element with many other examples of the genre , such as Jack Arnold 's No Name on the Bullet , and Clint Eastwood 's Unforgiven . < br /><br />There is also a tacit theme of rape in Winchester ' 73 . Waco Johnny Dean , one of the film 's villains played very effectively by Dan Duryea , abducts a woman after killing her husband . The volatile cowboy toys with the tenderfoot husband , and dispatches him like a caricature of a cat toying with an insect before biting its head off . Waco Johnny Dean eventually gets what is coming to him after coming in contact with the ominous Winchester rifle . < br /><br />The main story of Winchester ' 73 is reminiscent of the mythological tale of Jason and his quest for the golden fleece , as told in Apollonius ' Argonautica . Both stories deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that possesses some sort of intangible quality . Like Jason , Stewart 's character hops from one adventure to the next in search of a one - of - a- kind prize . Another theme in Winchester ' 73 that is similar to a mythic tale is the struggle between brothers . Several stories of antiquity deal with this issue , such as the Hebrew Bible 's tale of Cain and Abel , and the vulgate tale of Romulus and Remus . < br /><br />As for the theme of abduction and rape present in Anthony Mann 's film , it is present in many mythological works , such as the rape of Europa as told by Ovid in his Metamorphoses . < br /><br />Winchester ' 73 is a fine example of the western genre , and acts as the objective correlative for many classic American western and ancient mythological themes .
1 Lin McAdam ( James Stewart ) wins a rifle , a Winchester in a shooting contest . Dutch Henry Brown ( Stephen McNally ) is a bad loser and steals the gun . Lin takes his horse and goes after Dutch and his men and the rifle with his buddy High Spade ( Millard Mitchell).The rifle gets in different hands on the way . Will it get back to the right owner ? Anthony Mann and James Stewart worked together for the first time and came up with this masterpiece , Winchester ' 73 ( 1950).Stewart is the right man to play the lead . He was always the right man to do anything . The terrific Shelley Winters plays the part of Lola Manners and she 's great as always . Dan Duryea is terrific at the part of Waco Johnnie Dean . Charles Drake is brilliant as Lola 's cowardly boyfriend Steve Miller . Also Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson are seen in the movie , and they 're played by Will Geer and Steve Darrell . The young Rock Hudson plays Young Bull and the young Anthony ( Tony ) Curtis plays Doan . There are many classic moments in this movie . In one point the group is surrounded by Indians , since this is a western . It 's great to watch this survival game where the fastest drawer and the sharpest shooter is the winner . All the true western fans will love this movie .
1 This complicated western was a milestone in the career of JAMES STEWART after his return from war service , wanting to change his image by doing a western , which is largely regarded as the reason for the influx of westerns in the ' 50s since it 's very impressive . Too bad it was n't photographed in Technicolor.<br /><br />Stewart wins first prize for " the gun that won the West " , but then has to spend the rest of the film trying to recover it when it 's stolen . SHELLEY WINTERS is a shady gal with an unsavory reputation and STEPHEN McNALLY is the local bad boy gunman in Dodge City . WILL GEER is Wyatt Earp and DAN DURYEA is Shelley 's bad boyfriend . And would n't you know that , it being a Universal - International film , TONY CURTIS and ROCK HUDSON ( both quite unknown at the time ) have bit roles.<br /><br />An interesting sequence features the first Indian attack , whereby CHARLES DRAKE reveals himself to be a coward who rides off , leaving Shelley alone in the horse - drawn wagon . He later redeems himself , but it 's just one of the twists and turns that has the gun passing from one unsavory hand to another -- but finally ending up with the rightful owner.<br /><br />STEPHEN McNALLY and JAMES STEWART have quite a final shootout that is almost as melodramatic ( but not quite ) as DUEL IN THE SUN 's blazing guns finale . McNally makes the perfect villain and DAN DURYEA is equally treacherous in the kind of villainous role he played throughout the ' 40s as a low - life gunslinger.<br /><br />Tightly constructed story is extremely well directed by Anthony Mann , and it 's fun to see ROCK HUDSON ( credited as Young Bull ) wearing Indian war paint and TONY CURTIS as a young soldier who casts longing glances at the then slim and attractive Shelley Winters.<br /><br />Well worth viewing and definitely an above average story .
1 CONTAINS SPOILER With the possible exception of John Wayne , no other actor sat taller in the saddle in Westerns than James Stewart , and this movie proves it . This superb tale of revenge centered around a Winchester rifle , has only one weak spot I can think of : the casting of Will Geer as a very unEarp - like Wyatt Earp . The casting of the villains was good : Stephen McNally , as surly Dutch Henry , Dan Duryea as Waco Johnny Dean , and John McIntire(versatile at playing both good guys and bad guys ) as a slick gun runner . The showdown between Stewart and McNally on the cliffs is great ! I 'd stack this Western against the whole crop of Westerns made today . They would n't stand a chance !
1 The picture is developed in 1873 and talks as Lin McAdam(James Stewart ) and High Spade(Millard Michell)arrive to Dodge City looking for an enemy called Dutch Henry(Stephen McNally).The sheriff Wyatt Hearp(Will Ger)obligates to leave their guns . Both participate in an shot contest and Stewart earns a Winchester 73,the rifle greatest of the west but is robbed and starting the possession hand to hand(John McIntire , Charles Drake , Dan Duryea).Meanwhile the starring is going on the vengeance.<br /><br />First western interpreted by James Stewart directed by Anthony Mann that achieved revive the genre during 50 decade . The film has an extraordinary casting including brief apparition of Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis , both newcomers . The picture is well narrated and directed by the magnificent director Anthony Mann who has made abundant classics western : Bend the river , Far country , man of Laramie , naked spur , tin star . Of course , all the essential elements western are in this film , thus , Red Indians attack , raid by outlaws , final showdown . The breathtaking cinematography by Greta Garbo 's favourite photographer Willian Daniels . James Stewart inaugurated a new type of wage , the percentage on the box office that will imitate posteriorly others great Hollywood stars . Although the argument is an adaptation of ¨Big gun¨ novel of Stuart L.Lake and screenwriter is Borden Chase , is also based about real events because 4 July 1876 in Dodge City had a shot competition and the winner was rewarded with a Winchester 73 model 1873 with ability shoot 17 cartridges caliber 44/40 in few seconds .
1 Keep in mind I 'm a fan of the genre but have only recently seen this film for the first time . How I 've overlooked it all this time is a wonder to me . To me this is a better film then the much lauded " High Noon " . It 's a great western with excellent acting and a great story . The DVD is in beautifull black and white with outstanding cinematography . If you like westerns or James Stewart this film is not to be missed .
1 A fine western , following the fate of those who possess the prize winning gun , a Winchester ' 73 . It has a great cast who give superb cliche characterisations with help from the usual effective story telling direction from Mann .
1 " Winchester ' 73 " marked the first of a series of westerns involving James Stewart and director Anthony Mann . As in most of them Stewart 's hero has an violent edge that threatens to explode at any time.<br /><br / > The title refers to a " one in a thousand " rifle that is up for competition at a rifle shoot held in Dodge City on July 4 , 1876 . Into town comes Lin McAdam ( Stewart ) and his sidekick High Spade ( Millard Mitchell ) who are on the trail of Dutch Henry Brown ( Stephen McNally ) for a past dastardly deed . They arrive just in time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp ( Will Geer ) running saloon girl Lola ( Shelley Winters ) out of town . It turns out that Dutch Henry is also in town for the rifle shoot . Lin and Dutch Henry shoot it out for the coveted prize with Lin winning but Dutch Henry robs Lin of the gun and escapes.<br /><br / > Lin and High Spade trail Dutch Henry across country where they encounter Lola with her cowardly beau Steve Miller ( Charles Drake ) hold up in a U.S. Cavalry camp awaiting attack by the Indians led by Young Bull ( Rock Hudson ) who has acquired the prized rifle by murdering wily gun runner John McIntyre . He had got the weapon by cheating Dutch Henry at poker . Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve.<br /><br / > Meanwhile , back at the ranch , Lola and Steve meet up with notorious gunman Waco Johnny Dean ( Dan Duryea ) who kills Steve and takes the valued rifle and Lola for himself . When Dean meets up with Dutch Henry , he allows him to take back " his gun " planning to murder him later . In the town of Tuscosa , Lin kills Dean as Dutch Henry 's plans of holding up the bank go bad and he escapes into the hills with Lin in pursuit . In one of the best final shoot outs ever , the two meet in the final showdown.<br /><br / > I believe that this movie was the only one of the Stewart / Mann collaborations that was shot in B&W. It is beautifully photographed , especially the scenes in the " wide open spaces " and in particular , the final showdown . Stewart playing against type , plays the hero with a violent revenge motive edge , an emotion that he would carry into future films with Mann.<br /><br / > As in most Universal westerns , this one boasts a cast of seasoned veterans and contract players of the day . In addition to those mentioned above , J.C. Flippen appears as the cavalry sergeant , Steve Brodie , James Millican , John Doucette and Chuck Roberson as various henchmen , Ray Teal as the sheriff pursuing Duryea , Tony Curtis and James Best as rookie soldiers and Edmund Cobb , Chief Yowlachie and John War Eagle in various roles in the Dodge City sequence.<br /><br / > A classic western in every sense of the word . It was responsible for re - generating Stewart 's career as an action star .
1 A very enjoyable film that features characters who do bad things and who let emotions like anger and a desire for vengeance bubble over . The cast is very good , there 's plenty of action , and Stewart gets the girl and his revenge ( with a twist ) in the end . I 've seen this film several times , and always watch when it 's on AMC or cable . Highly recommended ...
1 This is a story of the Winchester Rifle Model 1873 " The Gun That Won The West " To cowman , outlaw , peace officer or soldier , the Winchester 73 was a treasured possession . An Indian would sell his soul to own one ... <br /><br />Winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director Anthony Mann and actor James Stewart , a duo that would go on to create a run of superior Westerns that added a new , psychological depth to the genre . The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam pursuing the man who killed his father . Riding into Dodge City with his trusty friend , Johnny Williams { Millard Mitchell } , Lin runs into Dutch Henry Brown { Stephen McNally } , the man he wants . But with Wyatt Earp { Will Geer } having taken all the guns from those entering the town , both men are unable to have the shoot - out that they are ready for . The men instead square up in a competition to win a Winchester 73 rifle , a competition that Lin eventually wins . But before he can leave town with the magnificent prize , Dutch ambushes him , steals the rifle and skips town fast . As Lin sets off in hate filled pursuit of both man and rifle , the rifle will changed hands a number of times , with each time adding another dimension as the day of reckoning for all approaches.<br /><br />Very much a benchmark for what became known as the so - called " psychological Western " , Winchester 73 is basically a story of a decent man driven to borderline insanity by an event in his past . Tho shot in black and white { the only one of the duos Westerns that was } the landscapes are still breathtaking feasts for the eyes . The tone is set with the opening scene as Lin and Johnny on horseback , and in silhouette , amble over a hillside as they make their way to Dodge City . It 's just the starting point that would see Mann use his vistas as a way of running concurrent with his characters emotional states.<br /><br />Stewart gives one of his finest and most intense performances as McAdam , proving once and for all that he was one of Americas finest and most versatile actors . The support cast is n't too bad either . Shelley Winters is excellent as the sole female in amongst the machismo , while Mitchell , McNally , Geer and the always great Dan Duryea add further class to proceedings . There 's even bit parts for Tony Curtis and Rock Hudson in here , tho the latter playing an Indian brave is a stretch too far.<br /><br />Originally the film was a project for Fritz Lang , who even had the script ready to run . But Lang walked away from it , something that proved to be a blessing for Western fans . For as great as a director that Lang was , with Mann directing { and with a new script from Borden Chase & Robert Richards in hands } it set the wheels in motion to alter the course of the genre . Not only with the further efforts that Mann & Stewart produced , but also in who they influenced . The likes of Budd Boetticher , Nicholas Ray and Sam Fuller were all taking notes , and gleefully for the Western purists , they followed suit and carried the psychological torch still further.<br /><br />A big hit at the box office back on release , Winchester 73 is a magnificent film that still packs a punch in the modern age . 9.5/10
1 Winchester ' 73 was the film that moved Mann from the b - movies to the big league , rescuing James Stewart 's floundering post - war career in the process by casting him as a conflicted hero ( although since he inherited the project from Fritz Lang , maybe Lang deserves the credit for that ) . Both men would go to much darker places - Mann with the remarkably bleak Devil 's Doorway , which remained shelved by MGM until the success of Broken Arrow convinced them to release it – but a movie about a man hunting down his own brother as the rifle of the title is handed from person to person along the trail before it ends up in one of the director 's beloved mountainside shootouts is still stronger meat than you 'd expect from the studio system . Great dialogue , an impressive supporting cast – Dan Duryea , Will Geer , Millard Mitchell , Stephen McNally , Shelley Winters , Charles Drake , Tim McIntire , Jay C. Flippen , Tony Curtis , Rock Hudson among them – and Mann 's outstanding visual sense raise the bar with this one .
1 Textbook example of an underestimated movie.<br /><br />Although one can watch this movie over and over again and laugh every single time and still see something new in it , it 's still regarded as just another funny picture . And although the movie has inspired many and added it 's quotes and images to the pyche of all it 's viewers , Moon Over Parador still has n't received the acclaim it should . Even the brilliant cast with Academy Award winner Richard Dreyfuss and Raul Julia , to mention one , is not able to change this perception.<br /><br />But after watching Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann make Richard Dreyfus an offer he ca n't refuse in a meatlocker by reading him a good review of a part that he once played one can only come to one conclusion : this stuff is timeless ! In fifty years we will have the proof .
1 This movie contains one of Richard Dreyfuss 's greatest performances , as an actor who plays a dictator and does it so convincingly that his own mother does not detect the impostor . Also , this movie is funny , yet has a serious side as well . What is especially intriguing about this movie is the character Madonna , who is the dictator 's mistress , but eventually becomes the leader of the country . Madonna 's evolution from mistress to political leader added greatly to the quality of the story and to the movie 's entertainment value . And the main character , who at the start of the movie is a struggling actor and somewhat of a buffoon , evolves too and by the end of the movie commands respect . I liked this movie .
1 As a community theater actor who works hard at it but does n't take acting too seriously , I 'm always amused by those who treat it as Great Art . This movie skewers the " Actor 's Craft " mercilessly while dishing up a lot of good laughs.<br /><br />A ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator . When the dictator dies of a heart attack from too much drink and food , the actor is kidnapped and forced to play " the part of a lifetime " by the neo - Nazi head of the secret service . He plays it to the hilt , gets the dictator 's girlfriend to fall in love with him and vice versa , and turns the tables on his captors beautifully.<br /><br />Lots of great shtick by the leads , lots of good work by some unknown supporting actors , particularly the household staff and two members of the palace guard , and fun little cameos abound . Sammy Davis Jr. makes light of himself , Jonathan Winters plays a semi - retired American businessman with something else going on , and Raul Julia , Sonia Braga , and above all Richard Dreyfuss are exceptional.<br /><br />This is a dumb movie , but it has lots of beautiful locations ( in Brazil ) , a humorous script , and good actors doing their thing and looking like they 're actually having fun and not going through the usual existential angst about what is only play - acting !
1 Superb comic farce from Paul Mazursky , Richard Dreyfuss , plays Jack Noah a fairly successful actor- who is On location shooting a film in a fictitious Latin American banana republic Parador , Ruled by the Fascist , Alfonse Sims who unfortunately has succumbed of a heart attack after indulging in too many local cocktails ! Raul Julia plays the oily chief of police who forces the reluctant Noah To impersonate the Just deceased dictator who Noah bears a remarkable resemblance , Sonia Braga plays the dictator 's glamorously lusty mistress , who gives Noah a few lessons in how to ' act ' like a dictator , Jonathan Winter 's literally rounds off the cast as a CIA man In Parador posing as a hammock salesman . Can Noah win over the people of Parador ? and hold off the rebels ? And give the performance of a lifetime without losing his in the process ? Sammy Davis Jnr , has a cameo as himself who amusingly croons the national anthem of Parador as well as Begin the Beguine , Frog Number one(Fernando Rey pops up as a kindly servant , Charo is also on hand as A busty maid , The score by Maurice Jarre , is excellent .
1 I could n't keep from commenting after reading the very short " Not bad " commentary . This movie is much better than just not bad . The acting is stellar , even from the children in the cast , who do n't play cute or anything else but act just like my son 's friends . The movie is smart and expects it 's audience to be as well . The double back flash story lines are imaginative and contribute to the story rather than act as time filler . I watched this movie with my kids and then I watched it again by myself a few days later . If you have kids and are sick to death of movies that inspire a diabetic coma with their syrupy sweetness , then check out " Holes . " My 6-year - old enjoyed it as much as my 11-year - old , and my husband and I enjoyed it as much as the two of them . How many movies can you say that about ?
1 Holes , the novel , was forced on me in an education course . I did n't think I would like a children 's novel ; plus , the other couple of books I was forced to read for the class were really bad . But , to my surprise , I absolutely loved Holes . It really is one of the most perfectly written novels I 've ever read . I think it has the rare quality that makes it appeal to pre - teens , teenagers , and adults . Everyone who reads it , I think , will walk away a better person . While I ca n't quite say that for the film , I am happy to say that they got it mostly right . I do n't think viewers of the film will walk away as enriched , but they will certainly be entertained , without the side effect of being stupider when they sat down . It is an intelligent story , and it 's very well told . I think it moves a tad too quickly . The novel takes more time in developing the characters . And the flashbacks come in and out so quickly that they do n't have too much time to register . The interracial romance in the past feels more cliché and trite than it does in the novel . And the ending , which ties together all the loose threads , seems very ridiculous . It 's exactly the same in the novel , but there 's a sense of the absurd that does n't quite exist in the film . It works a lot better . I also do n't like the multitude of pop songs . I wish Disney did n't feel it such a necessity to sell soundtracks . The cast is across - the - board excellent , from the young kids to the old pros . Jon Voight is especially great . Not quite sure why we need Catwoman and the Fonze , though . 9/10 .
1 I recorded this ages ago but only got round to watching it today . I have been ill so had run out of stuff to watch ! I am so glad I saw it , and which I could erase my memory and watch i again for the first time . This movie is so wonderful ! It reminded me very much of Fried Green Tomatoes At The Whistlestop Cafe . < br /><br />The story goes back in time and at the end of the movie we see what the connections are . Some people have said this is a kids movie . I disagree - it may be made by Disney and many characters are children , but I am 23 and I LOVED it ! There were moments when my spine tingled . The story is unlike any other film these days , full of adventure . I have just ordered the book from amazon , ca n't wait !
1 In the area of movies based off of screenplays from some other area ( or whatever the title for that Oscar is ) , " Holes " has credibility . I think it is better to have the author create the screenplay because the author is the creator of the material . If the author ca n't write a screenplay to save their life , then have the author and someone fluently talented in the area of screenwriting create it . Aside from that , this review is about " Holes".<br /><br />The reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found within . ( 1 ) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and it turns that he can write a screenplay . I watched the movie and then read the book and both did n't reek incoherence or stupidity . Some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums . ( 2 ) The best performance award goes to Shia LaBeouf for his portrayal as the main character . He " dug " himself into the role . I wanted to see his character vindicated before the conclusion . ( 3 ) To ratchet up the suspense a bit , Andrew Davis was brought in . This is the man that made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast . He also can make Steven Seagal smash some heads . As for this film , he made Shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes . In other words , he can make an " action - packed " movie and make it well even if " action " is n't the main genre is n't " action " . ( 4 ) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir . Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer . When Voight uttered the line " Once upon a time ... " , I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny . He is capable of comedy and he should investigate a few more roles that let him to exercise that talent . ( 5 ) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid whenever he is given a solid script . This is probably the second best role I have seen him in ( second only to ' O Brother Where Art Thou ? ' ) . ( 6 ) I love the choice of settings for the movie . I did n't know California was that dry or that barren . I guess population and land area figures both can be misleading . ( 7 ) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water . One could only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day . ( 8) The rest of the cast should deserve a box of Kudos bars as well . Sigourney Weaver , Henry Winkler , Khleo Thomas , Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were tapped because of their talents and it gelled very well . Great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble . ( 9 ) I like a movie that does n't explain anything right away . When Stanley got clocked in the head with those baseball cleats , it made me want to see how weird the events could get and that is a key ingredient in making a good movie . ( 10 ) Disney Pictures ( not Touchstone , DISNEY ! ! ) needs to make a few more of these mature juvenile films . It was palatable for me and I am a college student . The last mature juvenile Disney film I saw was " Something Wicked This Way Comes " and " Holes " possibly exceeds it ( like the election in 2000 , it 's still to close to call ) . Disney can make greatness if they decide to expand on this genre and keeps artistry in mind over milking a cash cow when they see it . Ten reasons give a score of ten!<br /><br />All in all , " Holes " is one of my favorite Disney films and probably one of the best this year ( granted this movie may not be Oscar material but whoever said Oscar material is the best material ? ) . In terms of being a movie from a book I have read , this ranks behind " Fight Club " on my list ( which is on top ) . For being a film I saw in 2003 , this is in the top five ( somewhere behind " Mystic River " ) . Compared against " Harry Potter " , Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry 's head and brings the final death blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter 's nose . Everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains . Here ends my rant !
1 seriously i loved this film .. i had started to read the book and i loved it ... the way everything was set up and everything had a purpose ... i think this film did so well was because Louis Sachar wrote the screenplay .. and of course Andrew Davis directed it ... Shia Lebouf gives a great performance for his first film ... the storyline is very cool and interesting ... there 's humor , heart and intensity ... it is very similar to the book .. i find this film to be not the least bit boring ... i absolutely loved it ... and i encourage anyone to read the book .. all in all this film is very well put together and carefully crafted ... two thumbs up for me in every single way
1 This is one of my favorite films of all time . I read the book and liked it , but this movie expands on everything the book made famous . The acting is fantastic , especially from Jon Voight , who plays Mr. Sir , a very evil character . This film has a certain way of storytelling that keeps you hooked throughout , until the end where everything is pulled together for a great ending . I also love the way this is directed , by flashing back and forth between the modern day and Stanley 's ancestors ' stories . The story was written by Louis Sachar , yes , but it seems that this story is made for film , and Andrew Davis does a great job directing it . I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies .
1 Loved the movie . Loved the two families crossing paths in history . Only question is if Sam gets killed then how does his family 's line continue ? He is Madame Zeroni 's son and Zero is supposed to be related but no mention of any other children ? Hmmmmmmmmm . Never mentioned any other children or wife prior to his speaking with and falling in love with the teacher ? Maybe she had a child prior to becoming the kissing Kate Bandit ? Even with the mistakes in the movie . Just loved it . The acting was great . Not sure where the story was with Mr. Sir being Marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier . The other " counseler " did seem concerned for the kids but of course maybe not so much . Poor Warden must have had a really stinky childhood to be so mean when she grew up .
1 A Disney movie that dares to do something different should at least be awarded for effort . " Holes " does n't make the same mistakes as one would expect from a Disney movie about troubled teenagers put in a camp . For the first time events are not explained in details . The flashback scenes really do serve a purpose and present several mature topics that may surprise the viewer . I must admit that at first I was a bit put off by the seriousness of the movie . But soon I realized that we had to endure those moments to see the beauty of the story . Besides the story this movie also does a good job of questioning some methods that are used in correctional facilities . ( One example where Caveman is forbidden to teach Zero to read because they have to dig holes in order to build character , like learning to read wo n't contribute to that ) . " Holes " is a movie that is smart and beautiful . A must watch !
1 Louis Sachar 's compelling children 's classic is about as Disney as Freddy Krueger . It 's got murder , racism , facial disfigurement and killer lizards.<br /><br />Tightly plotted , it 's a multi - layered , interlinking story that spans history to reveal Stanley 's own heritage and the secret behind the holes . It races from Latvia 's lush greenness to the pock - marked Camp Green Lake ( hint : there 's no lake and no green).<br /><br />Disney 's first success is re - creating the novel 's environments so convincingly - the set design is superb and without gloss . The other plus is in the casting . Rising star Shia LaBeouf ( Charlie 's Angels 2 , Project Greenlight ) might not be the fat boy of the book , but his attitude is right and he 's far from the usual clean - cut hero . The rest of the cast is filled out equally well , from Patricia Arquette as the Frontier school marm - turned - bank robber to Henry Winkler as Stanley 's dad . The downside is the pop soundtrack - pure marketing department - and having the sentiment turned up to full volume at the end .
1 Holes ( 2003 , Dir Andrew Davis ) < br /><br />When Stanley Yelnats IV is wrongfully convicted of stealing , he is sent to ' Camp Green Lake ' . At this camp , the Warden , and her two henchman , Mr. Sir and Dr. Pendanski command the campmates to dig holes after hole after hole . But for what reason ? Stanley plans to find out.<br /><br />I never really had any intention in watching ' Holes ' , and i must admit , i only really watched the film , because i 'm such a fan of Shia LaBeouf , but even if you are not a fan of him , then it does n't matter . ' Holes ' is one of those Disney film that the whole family can enjoy . The story is lovely written and incorporates a wonderful idea of including flashbacks to the past . These are not distracting and really gives a great back story . All the cast are great . The young stars act well and the addition of Jon Voight and Sigourney Weaver are a joy . Shia LaBeouf shows that even at 17 , he can act without any flaws . This is one Disney film , you definitely would enjoy as a family.<br /><br />"I learn from failure . " - Stanley Yelnats III ( Henry Winkler )
1 This film is an entertaining , fun and quality film . The film very cleverly follows the guidelines if the book , and tries to stick to the exact lines . The actors are all suitable , and you would expect them to be the part . They use some famous actors which give a great effect on the film . The graphics is a bit dodgy in some parts , and there are quite a few mistakes throughout the film . There is no such thing as a Yellow Spotted Lizard , for example . The camp is not as gruesome as explained in the book , and they tend not to show the goings on in the camp as much as the book . All of his group are mentioned a lot in the book , but are not in the film . Overall , a great film for a rainy afternoon
1 Holes is an awesome movie . I love it a lot and it 's one of my favorite films . It 's one of the few flicks produced by Disney that is n't cheesy . Holes is generally a very cool motion picture . I wish Disney would make more pictures like it . Holes is indeed a rare breed of Disney flicker shows that is cool . Do n't get the wrong idea , I do n't mean to bad mouth Disney but most of it 's stuff is aimed towards kids and THAT 'S OKAY . Children deserve to have their entertainment too . But Disney has been guilty of trying to appeal to the teen audience and they usually fail . But not with Holes . It 's the type of movie anyone of any age can watch and enjoy and not once think it 's corny . Really , it 's the kind of movie that even a lot of young hoods might enjoy since there are characters in it that they can relate to.<br /><br />Holes does a good job of being a mix of good family entertainment but not being too cheesy and living a little on the edge . I hope Disney takes more risks and makes more edgy flicks like this .
1 More than just a " kids ' movie " , " Holes " looks at how past incidents still affect us today , whether we know about them or not . When teenager Stanley Yelnats III ( Shia LeBoeuf ) gets sent to a prison camp where he is forced to dig all day long , he discovers a number of things about the camp , and his personal connection to it . Through flashbacks , we learn that a number of things are closer than we realize ( you 'll understand this better when you see the movie ) . LeBoeuf does a pretty good job , as do the other cast members : Sigourney Weaver , Jon Voight , Tim Blake Nelson , Henry Winkler , Patricia Arquette , and Eartha Kitt . A very interesting movie .
1 I found about the movie " Holes " by hearing from people that it was n't typical Disney , that both kids and adults both got into the story . Folks , let me tell you I was n't disappointed . " Holes " is based on the novel by Louis Sachar and follows the adventure of Stanley Yelnats , a boy who gets sent to a strange juvenile detention camp out in the desert . He befriends a boy nicknamed Zero and together they set out on adventure that changes their lives . It was a very interesting , unique , different and funny story . I did n't know quite what to expect when I watched it . It was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle . The boys who played the juvenile delinquents were all very funny and Jon Voight was just hilarious as Mr. Sir . Now that I 've seen the movie , I have to read the book . Most recommended !
1 My wife is a teacher and she is very familiar with the story , having read it to several of her classes . It never sounded all that interesting to me , though , and I bought the DVD figuring this would be a movie that would n't really be up my alley.<br /><br />The first half of the movie has a lot of set - up and I found myself thinking that I was right . It starts off a bit slow and I have to admit that I was a little bit bored - but curious enough to stay with it . Boy , am I glad I did because this ended up being a very satisfying and rewarding movie . I would most certainly watch this again!<br /><br />The casting was very good . Since I have n't read the book , I ca n't vouch for accuracy , but I have to say that Jon Voight was truly delightful . You liked the characters you were supposed to like , hated the ones you were supposed to hate , and laughed at the ones that were supposed to be funny.<br /><br />I can see how some folks might not like this movie . It is tedious at times , especially in the beginning . All the flashbacks can be distracting ( though they are essential to the story ) . Once the story starts to come together at the end , though , I think you 're paid back in spades for your patience . When all is said and done , I think this is a very good movie - 8/10.<br /><br / >
1 ' Holes ' was a GREAT movie . Disney made the right choice . Every person who I have talked to about it said they LOVED it . Everyone casted was fit for the part they had , and Shia Labeouf really has a future with acting . Sigourney Weaver was perfect for The Warden , she was exactly how I imagined her . everyone who has n't seen it I recommend it and I guarantee you will ' Dig It ' .
1 I read Holes in 5th grade so when I heard they were doing a movie I was ecstatic ! Of course , being my busy self , I did n't get chance to see the movie in theaters . Holes was at the drive - in just out of town but , alas , We were just too busy . I was surprised to hear that all my friends had seen it and not one of them had invited me ! They all said it was good but I 've read great books that have made crappy movies so I was definately worried.<br /><br />Suddenly the perfect opportunity to see it came . It was out that week and my parents were going on a cruise and I was left to babysit . My sister , who is 9 , and I watched it and absolutely loved it ! I then took it to the other people I was babysitting 's house and their kids , 9 and 4 , liked it too . Even my parents loved it and they 're deffinately movie critics . Overall , I recommend this movie is for anyone who understands family morale and and loves a hilarious cast ! This movie should be on your top 5 " to See " list ! ! ! !
1 What a GREAT movie ! This is so reminiscent of the wonderful Disney classic family movies of the 60 's and the 70 's . I was so pleasantly surprised , after the past 20 years of absolute detritus Disney 's live productions crews have churned out.<br /><br />This movie is an absolute joy . The child stars were just that ; professional , quality actors . I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.<br /><br />Sigourney Weaver was a total sycophantic * insert hyperbole here * running a prison camp for wayward boys . Siobhan Fallon was wonderful as the star 's mother.<br /><br />I wo n't recant the story here as there is little point in doing that yet again , but the story is wonderful , the direction was extraordinary and the acting quality was superb ! This work reminds you what it 's like to be a child , without going all sugary or being too grim . The deleted scenes featured on the DVD version were truly best left deleted . They were too harsh for this movie and would have taken so much from it . While the abuse was hinted in the finished product , it was not outright shown beyond a certain extent . It was best that way.<br /><br />This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.<br /><br />It gets a 9/10 from ... <br /><br />the Fiend : .
1 Holes is a wonderful film to see . It has good messages in in , such as : be a good friend , never give up , etc . I highly recommend it to anyone . I still say the book is better than the movie , but the movie gives the book a run for its money . Also , Khleo Thomas plays Zero . That really adds to it ! ! ! ! Lol ! ! !
1 This movie is one I strongly recommend . It 's about a boy , Stanley Yelnats ( Shia LeBeouf ) who is wrongly convicted of a crime and sent to Camp Green Lake , a boys ' detention center . There , he is forced to dig holes 5 feet deep and 5 feet in diamiter . While there , he meets the other boys of the camp ( Zero , Magnet , Armpit , Squid , x - Ray , and ZigZag ) . All of them are digging , not to ' build charactor ' , but to find outlaw Kate Barlow 's treasure . Throughout the movie ( and book ) Stanley learns more about the past , more about himself , and more about digging holes . I give this movie a 9.5 , because , I am very picky when it comes to books to movies , ( I want the movie to follow the book EXACTLY ) . But , still it did real well .
1 I found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting . Best of all it left out the usual sex and violence ( they 're getting old ) inserted in many movies . The movie was well done in its flashbacks to days gone by in that area of the Southwest . The acting was also superb .
1 You got to go and dig those holes . Holes only leaves troble , which makes a movie so good . Disney has done it again . Shia LaBeouf should be nominated for Best Actor for his performance as Stanley Yelnats . He has alredy won the Daytime Emmy for Best Actor in a Comedy Series ( Even Stevens ) . Holes is one of the best movies in 2003 .
1 This movie had a great ensemble of adult actors along with a cast of youthful actors that are going to be in movies for a long while if there is any justice . The directing and editing was great . I may look up the book that this was adapted from , it must have been great . ( I liked it . ) Sigourney Weaver , Jon Voight , and Tim Blake Nelson were a blast to watch ! Henry Winkler and Nathan Davis were not seen enough , but were fun when they were onscreen . The kids at the camp could n't have been better . ( as I said , I liked it ! )
1 I have seen the movie Holes and say that it has to be the best movie all year long . It brings out the child in everyone . I mean who would come up with the idea of having troublesome boys dig holes as their punishment ? Louis Sachar that s who . Although the movie was different from the book it was still very good . For example Caveman / Stanley was supposed to be the biggest one there . Weight wise and height wise but ZigZag / Ricky was taller and Armpit / Theodore was bigger . Also X - Ray / Rex was supposed to be one of the smallest boys but was n't . The only thing that I did n't like about the movie was that the flashbacks were rather persuasive and long . I would have rather seen more of the present than past but that s just my opinion . I especially like the work of the boys though . Like Squid / Alan who was played by Jake M.Smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid . Jake M.Smith performed just that and did a great job at it as did almost all of the actors in Holes . So I would say if you have nt seen Holes yet then you should definatly see it when it comes out again or you 'll be missing out on a whole lotta fun .
1 " Holes " is my all - time favorite movie ! So far I have seen this movie three times in theaters and am looking forward to purchasing it on DVD this upcoming September . I read the book after seeing the movie and was amazed at how alike the book and movie were . The director of this film did an excellent job of re - creating the book into movie form . Also , all of the actors selected to play the roles did wonderful playing their characters , especially Max Kasch as ZigZag . Props to all those involved in making this movie , it was a real success ! 10 out of 10 stars , I definitely recommend it for everyone to see !
1 Holes , originally a novel by Louis Sachar , was successfully transformed into an entertaining and well - made film . Starring Sigourney Weaver as the warden , Shia Labeouf as Stanley , and Khleo Thomas as Zero , the roles were very well casted , and the actors portrayed their roles well.<br /><br />The film had inter - weaving storylines that all led up to the end . The main storyline is about Stanley Yelnats and his punishment of spending a year and a half at Camp Greenlake . The second storyline is about Sam and Kate Barlow . This plot deals with racism and it is the more deep storyline to the movie . The third is about Elya Yelnats and Madame Zeroni , which explains the 100-year curse on the Yelnats family . In my opinion , these storylines were weaved together very well.<br /><br />Contrary to many people 's beliefs , I think that you do not have to have read the book to understand the movie . The film is reasonably easy to understand.<br /><br />The acting in the film was well done , especially Shia Labeouf ( Stanley ) , Khleo Thomas ( Zero ) , Sigourney Weaver ( the warden ) , and Jon Voight ( Mr. Sir ) . The other members of D - Tent , Jake Smith ( Squid ) , Max Kasch ( Zig - Zag ) , Miguel Castro ( Magnet ) , Byron Cotton ( Armpit ) , and Brenden Jefferson ( X - Ray ) , enhanced the comic relief of the movie . However , the best parts were with Zero and Stanley , who made a great team together.<br /><br />Although Holes is a Disney movie , it deals with some serious issues such as racism , shootings , and violence . The film 's dramatization at some points is very well done.<br /><br />I would suggest this movie to people of all ages , whether they have read the book or not . You should n't miss it .
1 Since Siskel 's death and Ebert 's absence the show has been left in the incapable hands of Richard Roeper . Roeper is not a film critic he just criticizes anything he does n't like personally i.e. films with country music get panned because " I do n't like country music ! " and children 's movies get a standard " Do n't see it now , wait until it comes out on DVD and rent it for your kids ! " Roeper may well be an idiot savant , but in some other field . The weekly guests ' sitting - in ' for Ebert fare better , but who wants to pick a daisy in the midst of a cow pat ? All that said , it IS the only show in town and that alone makes it worth watching . As for Roger Ebert , if Stephen Hawking can talk , so can you ! It 's your mind and thoughts we long for . Do whatever is necessary to get that usurper off his self - declared throne .
1 20 out of 10 This is a truly wonderful story about a wartime evacuee and a curmudgeonly carpenter Tom Oakley . The boy ( William Beech ) is billeted with Tom and it is immediately apparent that he has serious issues when he wets his bed on the first night . William is illiterate and frightened but somehow the two find solace in each others loneliness . It transpires that William has a talent as an artist and we see Tom 's talent as a choirmaster in an amusing rendition of Jerusalem . William is befriended by Zacharias Wrench , a young Jewish lad also from London and along with both Tom and Zacharias , he finally learns to read and write and to feel a part of this small close knit community . Just as he is settling down , William is recalled back to London by his mother , and it is here we see why he is so screwed up . His mother is clearly mentally sick and when Tom does n't hear from William , he travels to London to look for him . He finally finds him holding his dead baby sister where he has been tied up in a cellar . After a period in hospital , Tom realises he must kidnap him and take him home with him . The climax is a bitter - sweet ending when William is told he is to be adopted by Tom , while at the same time , learning his best friend Zacharias has been killed in an air raid in London . For me , one of the most moving scenes was when Tom was talking to a official from the Home Office.<br /><br />I love ' i m , an ' for what it 's worth , I think he loves me too'.<br /><br />It just does n't get better that that does it ?
1 John Thaw , of Inspector Morse fame , plays old Tom Oakley in this movie . Tom lives in a tiny English village during 1939 and the start of the Second World War . A bit of a recluse , Tom has not yet recovered from the death of his wife and son while he was serving during the First World War . If you can imagine Inspector Morse old and retired , twice as crochety as when he was a policeman , then you 've got Tom Oakley 's character.<br /><br />Yet this heart of flint is about to melt . London children are evacuated in advance of the blitz . Young William ( Willie ) Beech is billeted with the protesting Tom . Willie is played to good effect by Nick Robinson.<br /><br />This boy is in need of care with a capital C. Behind in school , still wetting the bed , and unable to read are the smallest of his problems . He comes from a horrific background in London , with a mother who can not cope , to put it mildly.<br /><br />Slowly , yet steadily , man and boy warm to each other . Tom discovers again his ability to love and care . And the boy learns to accept this love and caring . See Tom and Willie building a bomb shelter at the end of their garden . See Willie 's joy at what is probably his first ever birthday party thrown by Tom.<br /><br />Not to give away the ending , but Willie is adopted by Tom after much struggle , and the pair begin a new life much richer for their mutual love.<br /><br />In this movie , Thaw and Robinson are following in a long line of movies where man meets boy and develop a mutual love . See the late Dirk Bogarde and Jon Whiteley in " Spanish Gardener " . Or Clark Gable and Carlo Angeletti in " It Started in Naples " . Or Robert Ulrich and Kenny Vadas in " Captains Courageous " . Or Mel Gibson and Nick Stahl in " Man Without a Face".<br /><br />Two points of interest . This is the only appearance of Thaw that I know of where he sings . Only a verse of a hymn , New Jerusalem , but he does sing.<br /><br />Second , young Robinson also starred in a second movie featuring " Tom " in the title , " Tom 's Midnight Garden " , which is based on a classic children 's novel .
1 If John Thaw had never played " Morse " , " Kavanagh " , or starred in " The Sweeney " and other productions , he 'd be remembered for this wonderfully unforgettable performance in " Goodnight Mr Tom".<br /><br />Superbly supported by an equally tremendous performance by his co - star ( young Nick Robinson in his first role ) , and an unobtrusive cast , this adaptation of Michelle Magorian 's charming novel is a fitting memorial to his art.<br /><br />When I read this story of an old widowed Norfolk countryman having to accommodate a young boy from London before and during the Blitz , I found a rather obvious time - line error in it , and credit must go to the makers of this film for rectifying this error . They also must be applauded for not over - sentimentalising the tale , and preventing what could have been turned , quite easily , into a mushy mess.<br /><br />If you keep a CD or video library then this feel - good made for TV movie is an absolute must inclusion .
1 The plot of GOODNIGHT MR TOM on paper makes it seem we are in for a large dose of maudlin , sickly sentiment . But , talented director Jack Gold is an expert on touching the emotions in the right manner , and it emerges instead as a compelling , deeply moving wartime drama with excellent production and lead performances . One of the best , if not the best TV movies of the 1990 's which possibly would 've had even greater success if it had been released in the cinemas.<br /><br />The evacuation of children to countryside towns and villages in World War II was of course a common practice , but in the case of the young boy here was doubly important because of a wretched home life in the UK 's capital . The horrors of war on the home front are not drifted over though , and the construction of the film until it 's throat - lumping , misty - eyed ending leaves us with a sense of optimism despite what has happened before . It is almost(but not quite)worthy of comparison with the finale to IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE(1946).All in all , a modern classic .
1 I saw the movie before I read the Michelle Magorian book and I enjoyed both . The movie , more than the book , made me come close to tears on several occasions . This film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go . I encourage as many people to watch this masterpiece as much and as soon as possible . I give it ten stars .
1 This has to be one of the most beautiful , moving , thought provoking films around . It 's good family entertainment and at the same time makes you think very hard about the issues involved . Every time I see the " ghost of Zac riding the bike through the puddle at the end I ca n't help but cry my eyes out . John Thaw 's performance is so touching and it is a shame he is no longer with us . Gone but not forgotten . A outstanding film . Full marks .
1 John Thaw is a an excellent actor . I have to admit that I was impressed by his range in the role of a crusty old curmudgeon who reluctantly agrees to take in an evacuee from the streets of London ( WWII time era).<br /><br />That being said , the film is also excellent . A very moving story with a satisfying ending . Some of the characters are a little underdeveloped ( the school teacher in particular ) , but none of them are essential to the plot . Basically , the story is about the old man and the boy , and the film needs little else .
1 Absolute masterpiece of a film ! Goodnight Mr . Tom has swiftly become one of my favourite films of all time . Nobody should miss out on seeing this film , it 's just too good ! Mr . Tom is perfectly portrayed by John Thaw as the harsh old man who becomes a soft father - figure when William Beech(Nick Robinson ) is sent to him for evacuation , almost like ' The town mouse and the country mouse ' . A truly heart wrenching film . The director knew exactly how to turn book into film and he has done so extremely well . The film was so excellently shot that the emotions of the characters and what was happening made the audience feel a range of emotions from love to fear , and these emotions could turn on a six - pence . Set in a time of turmoil during World War Two , this film also shows the difference between the cities and the countryside , they are almost like different countries . An absolute must see , those who do n't are missing out on a truly amazing and brilliant film .
1 A heartwarming film . The usual superb acting by John Thaw , who passed over recently . A man who was always so unassuming . He was one of Englands top 10 actors certainly of my time.<br /><br />He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse . As Jack Regan in the 1970 's hit TV series ' the Sweeney and as a barrister in Kavanah QC . A must see for all the family and a great DVD for my collection . The filming will bring back a few memories for people who remember wartime Britain and certainly those who were evacuated out of London to escape the German bombings . The interaction between the two main characters . Tom and the boy William was really well acted and true to the book by Michelle Magorian .
1 This made - for - TV film is a brilliant one . This is probably the best and favourite role by BAFTA winning John Thaw ( Kavanagh Q.C. and Inspector Morse ) . Tom Oakley ( Thaw ) widowed man has lived in a village alone for a while since his wife and son died , and now he has been landed with an evacuee called Willaim Beech ( Nick Robinson ) . As he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship . Until Willaim 's Mum ( Annabelle Apsion ) wants him back . After Tom gets worried about William not contacting him he goes to London to find him . In the end Willaim gets his home with a loving family ( or Dad ) . Set during the Second World War this is an excellent film . It was nominated the BAFTA Lew Grade Award , and it won the National Television Award for Most Popular Drama . John Thaw was number 3 on TV 's 50 Greatest Stars . Very good !
1 Well , when before I saw this film I really was n't sure whether it would be my cup of tea ... how wrong I was ! I thought that this was one of the best films I 've watched for a very long time , a real family classic . The story of a young evacuee and his new ' foster ' dad , this film ticks all the boxes . I 've not read the book ( maybe that 's a good thing & meant I enjoyed the film more ) but with regards to the story , I really ca n't think of any bad points , hence scoring it 10 out of 10 ( and I hardly ever think anything warrants top marks ! ) . By the time William proclaimed ' I CAN RIDE MY BIKE , DAD ! ' I was sobbing my heart out ( anyone who 's seen it will understand , I 'm sure ) . Really heartwarming , and definitely recommended .
1 This film has been on my wish list for ten years and I only recently found it on DVD when my partner 's grandson was given it . He watched it at and was thrilled to learn that it was about my generation - born in 1930 and evacuated in 1939 and he wanted to know more about it - and me . Luckily I borrowed it from him and watched it on my own and I cried all through it . Not only did it capture the emotions , the class distinction , the hardship and the warmth of human relationships of those years ( as well as the cruelties ( spoken and unspoken ) ; but it was accurate ! I am also a bit of an anorak when it comes to ARP uniforms , ambulances ( LCC ) in the right colour ( white ) and all the impedimenta of the management of bomb sites and the work of the Heavy Rescue Brigades . I could n't fault any of this from my memories , and the sandbagged Anderson shelter and the WVS canteens brought it all back . The difference between the relatively unspoiled life in the village and war - torn London was also sharply presented I re - lived 1939/40 and my own evacuation from London with this production ! I know Jack Gold 's work , of course , and one would expect no more from him than this meticulous detail ; but it went far beyond the accurate representation of the facts and touched deep chords about human responses and the only half - uttered value judgements of those years . It was certainly one of the great high spots in John Thaw 's acting career and of Gold 's direction and deserves to be better known . It is a magnificent film and I have already ordered a couple of copies to send to friends .
1 This is arguably John Thaw 's finest performance where he successfully shakes off any traits of his Inspector Morse character and brings a perfect adaptation of Tom from the pages of the book to the TV screen . This is a well made production which maintains its family viewing vibe despite some very mature themes like the outbreak of the second world war and the physical abuse suffered by the child.<br /><br />However it is the relationship between Tom and young Willie that is the heart and soul of this story . It is touching and beautiful to see this bond between the young boy evacuated from London and the grumpy old man he is left with develop - a real grandfather / grandson connection.<br /><br />It is a pity that this story was n't made with a bigger budget with a more established director as it belongs on the big screen , not shown once or twice every ten years on a Sunday afternoon . Given the right guidance , John Thaw would be celebrated the world over and bestowed with many awards for his brilliant performance in this movie . A great actor and a great role that should have been honored more than it was at the time .
1 Marvelous film again dealing with the trials and tribulations of World War 11 England . What makes this film so good is the touching of the human element . This film is definitely in the tradition of such British line classics such as " Mrs. Miniver " and " Hope and Glory . " As is the case with this film , we see the desperation of people in the time of war.<br /><br />The performances are outstanding here especially by the embittered John Thaw , who is assigned a child who has been evacuated from the London bombing.<br /><br />We soon see why this child wets his bed . He comes from a lunatic mother who has abused him terribly.<br /><br />The old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life . When the child is returned to his mother , the old man goes to London and seeks him out only to find tragedy . He literally kidnaps the boy and is able to convince a higher up that the child is better off with him than being in a boy 's home.<br /><br />The picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships .
1 This movie resonated with me on two levels . As a kid I was evacuated from London and planted on unwilling hosts in a country village . While I escaped the bombing and had experiences which produced treasured memories ( for example hearing a nightingale sing one dark night for the very first time ) and enjoying a life I never could have had in London , I missed my family and worried about them . Tom is an old man whose wife and child have both died and who lives alone in a small country village . As an old man who is now without a wife whose kids have gotten married and live far away in another province , I am again sometime lonely . The boy 's mother is a religious fanatic with very odd ideas of raising a child . Since a deep affection has grown between old Tom Oakley and this young lad , Tom goes in search of him and finally rescues him from very odd and dangerous circumstances . At the end of the story there is great tension since due to some bureaucratic ruling it seems that the child is going to lose someone who has developed a loving relationship with him .
1 Goodnight Mister Tom is so beautifully filmed and beautifully realised . It is n't completely faithful to the book , but does it have to be ? No , not at all . John Thaw is mesmerising as Tom Oakley . His transformation from gruff to caring was so well realised , making it more believable than Scrooge in Christmas Carol . After Inspector Morse , this is Thaw 's finest hour . He was matched earnestly by a young Nick Robinson , who gave a thoroughly convincing portrayal of an evacuee traumatised by the abusive relationship with his mother . The script and music made it worth the buy , and you also see Thaw playing the organ . Amazing ! The most moving scene , was Willie finding out about Zak 's death , and then Tom telling him about his deceased family who died of scarlatina . Buy this , you 'll love it ! 10/10 Bethany Cox
1 Quite a heartwarming little film and not just for the kids . John Thaw is brilliant as always ( without any hint of Inspector Morse about him ) . The boy playing William did a good job as well though I did n't find him convincing in every scene . I loved the whole feel of the small village and the slower pace of life in those times . I also felt the scenes in London where historically accurate , as far as I could tell.<br /><br />It strongly reminded me of a Scandinavian film I saw a couple of years ago called Mother of Mine . That film featured a boy being evacuated from Finland to Sweden during WW II . The wife of the family taking him in asked for a girl because ( as it turns out)she lost her daughter . Getting a boy instead she completely ignores him . The fact that the boy speaks Finnish complicates matters even further . I highly recommend that film to anyone who enjoyed Goodnight Mr. Tom , it has the same feel to it .
1 Sometimes I watch a movie and am really impressed by it – and still it is not easy to explain why I liked it that much . This is mostly true for the uncommon movies – the ones one can hardly compare with the rest out there . Goodnight Mister Tom is one of these special movies . There is a lot of emotion in that movie – and the acting was so good that while watching the movie , I was crying and laughing as the story went on . The young Nick Robinson – is a young boy ( William ) evacuated from London because of the air strikes there during the Second World War . Mr. Tom played by John Thaw is an old man leaving in the village the evacuated children were send to.<br /><br />At first Tom refuses to take any responsibilities - such as taking care for a troubled young lad – but accepts since he is left without a choice . During the stay Mr. Tom discovers how horrible the life has been for the William – alongside his luggage his mom sent a belt and written instructions to the host of her son – not to hesitate to use it . This belt is berried in the field – never to be used in such a brutal manner . Mr. Tom provides a real home for William , and the boy is happy with his new life , he goes to school , makes new friends and discovers hidden talents . All of the sudden a letter William is called home in London with a letter mentioning that she is not feeling well … and it starts all over again – only this time it gets much worse …  There are many feelings you can sense in this movie – love , fear , sadness , happiness , pain , hope – and much more . Goodnight Mr. Tom is another masterpiece of the British cinema comparable only with others such as Dear Frankie and Billy Elliot – if one is to compare . I have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it . Before finishing this review I would also like to mention the great performance of Thomas Orange in the role of Zac – reminded me of a friend of mine from my own childhood ( :
1 In the immediate aftermath following World War II , sound minds in Hollywood tried to distance themselves from the mindless flag - waving that is a natural ingredient in a war effort . " Best Years of Our Lives ' and even ' Gentleman 's Agreement ' investigated the way Americans looked at themselves in the wake of the war , but Delmer Daves ' " Pride of the Marines " beat them to it.<br /><br />The film is about Philadelphia smart alec John Garfield who goes to war as a marine and after a nightmarish evening in a foxhole , with Japanese soldiers eerily crying out at him and his buddies " Mariiines , tonight you die ! " , he is blinded by a hand - grenade , and dumps his girlfriend back home rather than have to depend on her after coming home.<br /><br />Delmer Daves is uncompromising in his depiction on these men who are brave , as it were , almost by coincidence . They are there , in the foxhole , and when shot at , they react . So much for heroism , but they get the job done . And then comes the self - pity , the dark , gloomy sense of humor . Garfield is in angry denial of his blindness and the film makes no excuses , " There 's no free candy for anyone in this world " , as his buddy tells him . The same guy , a Jew , played by Dane Clark , reminds him , " In a war somebody gets it , and you 're it . Everybody 's got problems ! When I get back , some guys wo n't hire me , because my name is Diamond".<br /><br />Great movies are made with guts like these , and if the first half hour of ' Pride of the Marines ' fails to rise to the occasion completely , from then on it evolves into a true work of art . You weep , and you ponder , you ache and you hope against hope . Well , simply : art.<br /><br / >
1 I had n't seen this film in probably 35 years , so when I recently noticed that it was going to be on television ( cable ) again for the first time in a very long time ( it is not available on video ) , I made sure I did n't miss it . And unlike so many other films that seem to lose their luster when finally viewed again , I found the visual images from the " Pride of the Marines " were as vivid and effective as I first remembered . What makes this movie so special , anyway?<br /><br />Everything . Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his fellow Marine machine gun crew 's ordeal at the Battle of the Tenaru River on Guadalcanal in November , 1942 , the screenplay stays 95 % true to the book upon which it was based , " Al Schmid , Marine " by Roger Butterfield , varying only enough to meet the time constrains of a motion picture . This is not a typical " war movie " where the action is central , and indeed the war scene is a brief 10 minutes or so in the middle of the film . But it is a memorable 10 minutes , filmed in the lowest light possible to depict a night battle , and is devoid of the mock heroics or falseness that usually plagues the genre . In a way probably ahead of its time , the natural drama of what happened there was more than sufficient to convey to the audience the stark , ugly , brutal nature of battle , and probably shocked audiences when it was seen right after the war . This film is n't about " glorifying " war ; I ca n't imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and WANTING to enlist in the service . Not right away , anyway.<br /><br />What this film really concerns is the aftermath of battle , and how damaged men can learn to re - claim their lives . There 's an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this , and I feel that 's another reason why the film was so so well received -- it was exceptionally well - written . There 's a " dream " sequence done in inverse ( negative film ) that seems almost experimental , and the acting is strong , too , led by John Garfield . Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid 's were nearly the same , and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role . Actors do n't do that much anymore , but added to the equation , it 's just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult , unattractive story .
1 Most war films made in the US during WWII were great fun to watch but suffered from severe gaps in realism because they were being produced more for propaganda value to raise the spirits at home than anything else . I am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable . However , because they so often lack realism they are prevented from being truly great films . A perfect example was the John Garfield film Air Force -- in which a B-17 nearly single - handedly takes out half the Japanese air force ! However , Pride Of The Marines is a welcome departure -- scoring high marks for portraying a true story in a reasonably accurate manner . When I first saw this film , I thought it was NOT a true story as it seemed way too improbable to be true . However , after researching further I found that it was in fact rather true to the amazing story of two men who did so much to earn the Medal of Honor . This is one case where real life seemed too incredible to be true !
1 My father , Dr. Gordon Warner ( ret . Major , US Marine Corps ) , was in Guadalcanal and lost his leg to the Japanese , and also received the Navy Cross . I was pleasantly surprised to learn that my father was the technical adviser of this film and I am hoping that he had an impact on the film in making it resemble how it really was back then , as I read in various comments written by the viewers of this film that it seemed like real - life . My father is a fanatic of facts and figures , and always wanted things to be seen as they were so I would like to believe he had something to do with that.<br /><br />He currently lives in Okinawa , Japan , married to my mother for over 40 years ( ironically , she 's Japanese ) , and a few years ago was awarded one of the highest commendations from the Emperor of Japan for his contribution and activities of bringing back Kendo and Iaido to Japan since McArthur banned them after WWII.<br /><br />My father was once a marine but I know that once you are a marine , you 're always a marine . And that is exactly what he is and I love and respect him very much.<br /><br />I would love to be able to watch this film if anyone will have a copy of it . And I 'd love to give it to my father for his 94th birthday this year !
1 This is a great film Classic from the 40 's and well produced . There are very dramatic scenes in this film with John Garfield,(Al Schmid),"Force of Evil",'48 and Dane Clark,(Lee Diamond),"Last Rites",'88 , fighting the Japs during WWII being completely surrounded and with only one machine - gun . When Al Schmid was able to go home after being wounded with a horrible injury , his problems just started to begin with his family and engaged girl friend . Dane Clark gave an outstanding supporting role as Lee Diamond , who did everything to help his buddy Al get his life together again . There is never a complete victory to War and lets not forget all the Brave Wounded Military personnel in Veterans Hospitals from All the Wars and our present Iraq Vets !
1 This movie is a fantastic movie . Everything about it in my opinion was top notch from the acting to the directing . I know Mr. Garfield was blacklisted in the 1950 's but the majority of his other films are on video if not DVD . That being the case , why is n't this one ? A friend recorded it off of TCM for me but to have it on DVD would be great . For special features they could have say a Marine historian talk about the battle and if Mr. Schmid 's wife or son are still alive they could be interviewed as well . Anyway this is a great movie and I highly recommend it . If it ever is put out hopefully it wo n't be colorized . Colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film . The battle scene was quite realistic as far as a 1945,film would go . Mr. Garfield did a superb job of portraying Mr. Schmid . Some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of Mr . Schmid 's disability but I feel he got it just right . I sincerely hope they come out with this movie on DVD someday as a tribute to the courage of Al Schmid and all the other marines who sacrificed so much for us in World War Two .
1 No one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece . ( How could any 1945 war film be a masterpiece ? ) And yet this is an extremely effective telling of a true story , that of Al Schmidt , blinded on Guadalcanal , as played by John Garfield , who spent days wearing a blindfold to capture the nuances of a blind person 's actions . Robert Leckie , in " Helmet for My Pillow",denigrates Schmidt 's popularity in favor of his foxhole mate , who was killed , writing that " the country must have needed live heroes . " < br /><br />Well , I suppose the country did . And they had one here . There is a single combat scene in the movie , bound to the studio lot , lasting only ten minutes or so , and occurring less than halfway through the film instead of being saved for the climax , but it is the scariest and most realistic depiction of men under fire that I can remember having seen on screen , including those in " Saving Private Ryan " . Men yell with fear , scream at each other and at the enemy , and bleed and die , without the aid of color , stereophonic sound , squibs , or gore.<br /><br />Simply from a technological point of view , the film is outstanding . It is n't just that we learn how complicated a mechanism a .30 caliber , water - cooled Browning machine gun is , or that it must be fired in bursts of only a few rounds , or that it is n't waved around like a fire hose , as in so many other war movies . The technical precision adds to the scene 's riveting quality . The need to stick to short bursts is horrifying when dozens of shrieking enemies are pouring across a creek fifty feet away with the sole aim of exterminating you and your two isolated comrades confined to a small gun emplacement . < br /><br />The performances are solid , if not bravura , including those of the ubiquitous 1940s support , John Ridgeley , and a radiant , youthful Eleanor Parker . The framing love story is spare , but it works , and ultimately is quite moving . A striking dream sequence is included . It 's not Bunuel , but for a routine 1945 film , it stands out as original and effective . < br /><br />Albert Maltz may have overwritten the script , or it may have been altered by someone else . It could have used the kind of pruning that might have introduced some much needed ambiguity . Still , there are odd verbal punctuations that have a surprising impact on the viewer -- " Why do n't God strike me dead ? " And , " In the eyes , Lee . Get 'em in the eyes ! " Depths of anguish in a few corny words . And a surprising amount of bitterness expressed by wounded veterans in a 1945 war film . < br /><br />Notes that might seem false to a contemporary viewer but perhaps should n't : the dated vernacular which it 's difficult to believe many of today 's kids could think was actually ever spoken -- " private gab , " " dope " , " drip , " " Gee , " " you dumb coot , " " dame , " " a swell guy , " and " feeling sorry for yourself . " Let us consider the historical context and be kind in our judgments . At the time , some of this goofy lingo was at the cutting edge . < br /><br />Real weak points ? The wounded veterans get together and argue with each other about how much of a collective future they have and the argument is oversimply resolved with a conclusion along the lines of , " Just because you have a silver plate in your head does n't mean people will think you 're a bad person . " There are sometimes voice overs and silent prayers that are both unnecessary and downright unimaginative . " Please , God , let him return to me , " and that sort of thing . < br /><br />Well , the film makers were operating within the constraints of their times . Maybe that 's why the final fade is on a shot of Independence Hall and the inspiring strains of " America the Beautiful " swell in the back . < br /><br />None of this can undo the film 's virtues , which are considerable , particularly the impact of that horrifying combat scene . It 's not on television that often . If you have a chance , by all means catch it .
1 A wonderful and gritty war film that focuses on the inner torment of blinded marine Al Schmid . Although it is tough and unpleasant it IS in the end heroic - Schmid 's triumph over disability and depression . The battle scene was superb . But one bone to pick . No matter how many .50 bullets they fired I never saw any water or dirt being kicked up by the impacts ! It hurt the realism , but I can live with it . Fine performance by Eleanor Parker , again , as his girl friend .
1 Definitely at the top five of best John Garfield movies has to be Pride of the Marines . It 's the true story of Marine private Al Schmid who at the cost of his own sight , while wounded held off a horde of storming Japanese on Guadalcanal . < br /><br />The story nicely segments in three parts , Al Schmid 's home life where he 's a simple working stiff who 's just getting serious with a woman and who likes nothing better than his bowling night . Pearl Harbor is bombed and he 's off to war as millions of others were.<br /><br />The second part is at Guadalcanal and we see part of the action where he 's in an isolated machine gun nest , holding off Japanese troops . His action prevented Marine positions from being overrun , but a grenade does in his eyesight.<br /><br />And of course the third part is his painful adjustment to civilian life and to reassure himself that people are n't just caring for him out of pity , most of all that girl he was seeing Eleanor Parker.<br /><br />This film was broadcast on TCM on John Garfield 's 95th birthday and there was a documentary on Garfield hosted by his daughter . One of the people interviewed said that Garfield was the actor most believable in working class roles in having and holding a union card . < br /><br />In that respect he was lucky in that he did land with Warner Brothers in Hollywood . Though he kept getting typecast in gangster roles in the tradition of that studio , Garfield was terrific in these parts because of his background , because he came from the kind of life Al Schmid had , with the exception of Garfield 's Jewish background.<br /><br />In that respect he was perfect to play the part of a working class hero like Al Schmid who accepted the responsibility of defending his country . No super heroics here , just a guy who 'd rather have been back in Philadelphia , but doing a job that had to be done.<br /><br />It 's a great part for Garfield . It 's a film one should n't miss . I do wonder though whatever happened to the real Al Schmid .
1 Being from the Philadelphia suburbs and extremely interested in local history , this film provides an excellent vintage view of Philadelphia in the 1940s . There are scenes of downtown , a train station that no longer exists , 30th Street Station -- which still does exist , as well as scenes from the Northeast part of the city . Good shots of the old row - homes as they appeared then . The movie gets a bit " chatty " at times - causing the viewer to briefly lose interest ... but the overall storyline is solid and very moving . Anyone who enjoyed this movie should also try to see the film " Bright Victory " , also with local footage of the Valley Forge Army Hospital in Phoenixville , PA - and scenes from downtown Phoenixville . The Army Hospital has since become a college campus . Neither of these films are out on any format and I ca n't imagine why . I have them both on VHS from home recording , as shown on TCM in recent years . I highly recommend them to any other history buffs out there from my area !
1 A very good wartime movie showing the effects of war on a hometown boy who looses his eyesight on Guadalcanal and must come home and re - adjust himself with the help of family and friends . An excellent cast of actor 's helps make this movie very entertaining . Eleanor Parker 's role as the girlfriend was worthy of an Oscar nomination . She has such an innocence to her in this movie . Ann Doran role was equally satisfying as was all of her small supporting roles . I especially like the hometown aura of pre - war Phildelphia . The hunting scene is very good . Of course the war scene on Guadalcanal truly showed the horror faced by our soldiers during this epic battle . A well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten
1 * * * SPOILERS * * * On of the first WWII movies coming out of Hollywood that shows how the war effected those GI 's , or in this case US Marines , who fought in it.<br /><br />21 year old Al Schmid , John Garfield , was just starting to live with a well paying job - earning some $ 40.00 a week - at the local steel mill and girl Ruth Hartley , Elenore Parker , whom he was about to marry when the Japs spoiled everything for him , and millions of likewise young Americans , by attacking the US Pacific Fleet at Pearl Harbor . Doing his duty as an American citizen Al immediately joined the US Marine Corps hoping to get back at the Japs knowing , correctly as it was to turn out , that the Marines would be the first American combat units to get a crack at them.<br /><br />Al finally got his chance when his unit , the 1st Marine Division , landed on August 7 , 1942 at Guadalcanal in the far flung Solomon Islands to engage the Japanese who were were in control of it . It was during the battle of the Ilu River that Al almost single handed stopped a massive Japanese Banzai attack holding off , with his machine gun , wave after wave of suicide attacks by the determined Japs until help , or reinforcements , finally arrived . It was during the bloody fighting Al was hit in the face by a Jap grenade that ended up blinding him.<br /><br />Now back in the states convalescing at a naval hospital Al is faced with something far more harder to overcome then battling a battalion size attack of Japanese or German soldiers . He 's faced with a future where he 'll never see again and having to depend on others to look after , or for , him!<br /><br />We get to see in the film " Pride of the Marines " Al battle himself far harder then he did the Japanese troops on Guadalcanal in just coming to terms with his disability . Not wanting anyone , especially his girlfriend Ruth , to feel sorry for him Al in fact is the one who feels sorry for himself more then anyone else in the movie . It 's with the help of Navy Nurse Virginia Pfeiffer , Rosemary DeCamp , and Ruth together with his US Marine buddy Lee Diamond , Dane Clark , that in the end gives Al the courage to face his blindness with the same strength that he faced wave after wave of Japanese troops on Gudalcanal . A courage Al thought he lost back in that God - forsaken island hell in the South Pacific.<br /><br />Based on the true story of US Marine Sergeant Albert Schmid " Pride of the Marines " showed what we were to expect from the tens of thousands of wounded US Servicemen coming back from the war . We get to see how it in many ways was far more difficult for those fighting the war to adjust to a peacetime America when they left something , like in the case of Al Schmid , behind on the battlefield . Al 's battle with his personal demons was a lot harder then the Japanese that he fought in that they were part of him and thus had to fight himself in order to overcome and eventually defeat them . Despite the help that he got from both Nurse Virginia and his girlfriend Ruth as well as his Navy doctor - who has a striking resemblance to actor Gregory Peck - it still was up to Al to overcome the fears that he faced . Fears which he and only he had to both battle and overcome , like he was told by everyone in the movie , all by himself .
1 John Garfield plays a Marine who is blinded by a grenade while fighting on Guadalcanal and who has to learn to live with his disability . He has all the stereotypical notions about blindness , and is sure he 'll be a burden to everyone . The hospital staff and his fellow wounded Marines ca n't get through to him . Neither can his girl back home played by Eleanor Parker . He 's stubborn and blinded by his own fears , self pity , and prejudices . It 's a complex role that Garfield carries off memorably in a great performance that keeps one watching in spite of the ever present syrupy melodrama . The best scenes are on Guadalcanal , where he 's in a machine gun nest trying to fend off the advancing Japanese soldiers in a hellish looking night time battle , and later a dream sequence in the hospital where he sees himself walking down a train platform with a white cane , dark glasses , and holding out a tin cup , all the while his girlfriend walks backward away from the camera .
1 First off , let 's start with the negative points : 1 ) There are HUGE , gaping wholes in the story line and questions that are raised that will get no where near being answered ; 2 ) The movie is not for all people , so impolite viewers will get restless and start yapping during the movie.<br /><br />Point two above is important because the movie is very quiet . In an older type theater ( like the one I went to ) , you can hear the reel going through the projector at times . I loved that . The movie does not keep you busy with music , nor effects : it lets you reflect upon what is happening.<br /><br />There is a lack of rhythm that generates an atmosphere that is fascinating an utterly enjoyable . The same kind of atmosphere generated by Stanley Kubrick in Eyes Wide Shut . Not for all people.<br /><br />I would highly recommend it to fans of cinema , as the cinematographic work is amazing . Those that base their appreciation of a movie solely on the story will be utterly disappointed . It 's the kind of story that you have to make up the links in your mind afterwards . ( My version of it is pretty darn cool , but probably quite off - track ! ) If you do go catch the movie , there is one very cool part : when the two cops are talking to each other on their cell phones . An ultra - cool sound effect that really puts you in the moment . Hats off to the person that thought of doing this .
1 You like to solve mysteries ? You like complex narrations ? This is for you . Brilliant , clever movie by Francis Leclerc(son of a legendary french Canadian signer Felix Leclerc ) . Flashy photo and clever editing is the word of Leclerc , strongly helped by Roy Dupuis who 's dythirambic in the lead role.<br /><br />The plot is about Alexandre Tourneur , veterinary in his 40 's who just woke up from a coma after being unplugged by somebody unknown . Tourneur is struggling to remember who hit him as he was ending a deer 's sufferings on the road . Throughout the struggling , he has weird behavior and it seems like something took over him.<br /><br />Not spooky , but very mysterious and well played movie . I have my hypothesis on the ending(I think the Indian caused the accident ) but this ending was open to any explanations.<br /><br />I strongly recommend it 9.5/10
1 You can call it a mystery , perhaps a small thriller , or an intelligent film.<br /><br />The story takes you through the life of one person who has lost his life and is looking to regain it.<br /><br />I have to say I was quite surprised that I truly did enjoy this film . It is not usually the genre I care for however the characters quickly became people to me and I wanted to know what they were about and what was going to happen to them.<br /><br />Just like many french films over English made , we are able to learn much more about the character and the affect of their surroundings on their person . This film is character driven and will not disappoint !
1 Director / writer Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two hour film about the crime underground in Santiago , Chile , and perhaps that is one of the reasons the resultant film seems episodic and in need of editing . OR , maybe this is the technique of a director who shows a fine sense of film noir storytelling.<br /><br />Two brothers - Silvio the elder ( Néstor Cantillana ) and Victor the younger ( Juan Pablo Miranda ) - have moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after their parents ' death and Silvio works to support Victor 's education . On Victor 's seventeenth birthday Silvio takes the virgin out to the clubs where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club 's stripper / prostitutes . In a tender scene Victor must face his nascent impotency while Silvio is out on the club floor impressing the ' owners ' with his potential for hire.<br /><br />Silvio goes to work for the ' gang ' as a bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support Victor 's schooling . But Victor has eyes for one of the dancers at the club named Gracia ( Antonella Ríos ) and begins to woo her , dropping out of school incurring Silvio 's angry disappointment . Gracia just happens to be the squeeze of the club gang 's leader Don Pascual ( Alejandro Trejo ) who is Silvio 's boss ! Gracia is the glue that holds this tale together as she is the paramour of Victor , Silvio , and Don Pascual and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois has deadly results . Through a means of re - telling the story through the eyes of Victor , Silvio , and Gracia we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and the cracks in each character that allow for the downfall that results.<br /><br />Sound like a Chilean Pulp Fiction ? Well , it is and it is filmed in a brutally colorful , dark manner that includes a lot of frontal nudity ( both female and male ) and provocative sexual encounters . But in the end the sensual aspect of the director 's vision is what drives this film , playing on the debutante virginal psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker with success . The cast is fairly strong , especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia . There are enough twists and turns and replays of incidents you think you understood the first viewing but that change dramatically in impact when told through the eyes of a different character . Bordering on two hours , some judicious editing would have helped the impact of the film . In Spanish with English subtitles . Recommended for those who like the edgy film noir style and the art of South American cinema . Grady Harp
1 An intriguingly bold film weaves the seemingly effortless camerawork with some superb casting and an explosive soundtrack to plot the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco.<br /><br />Film debutant Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia , working in the nightclub owned by the face of the new mini - wave in Chilean film production , Alejandro Trejo . The elder brother , played maturely by Nestor Cantillana , is easily convinced to become Trejo 's lead henchman , after a night at the stripclub to celebrate younger brother Victor 's ( Juan Pablo Miranda ) seventeenth birthday . From the establishing shot of this opening scene , the film explodes into neo - noir exploration of everything the outside world does n't usually expect to see in this country so stereotypically conservative and catholic.<br /><br />Gracia 's charms of seduction attract the three men like bees to honey , although the circular narrative of the three - way fantasy romance revolves around the linear portrayal of major international drug deals between Trejo 's men and the ' Gringo ' , Eduardo Barril . Power relations become a vital theme , as society 's outsiders merge in a mini - family . The prostitute holds an exotic spell over all the chilean men in the film , emerging from her ambiguous position in the periphery of society , and is seen as holding the key to all three men 's futures . The relationships between Trejo and Cantillana become important , as the boys ' parents are conspicious by their absence ( one assumes they still live in Temuco ) . Therefore it is Trejo , el padrino , who ' adopts ' Cantillana , and effectively ' makes him ' as a man in the city . Miranda rapidly becomes the desperate outsider , as his dependency on his ' father figure ' , Cantillana , becomes increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful Gracia . However , Miranda remains trapped by the constraint of still being in school - he is dependent on Cantillana , who is dependent on Trejo , for the money to survive . Trejo , in turn , is under the thumb of the ' Gringo ' , and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and well as his strip clubs . The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb viewed as a beautiful firework , she wraps a web of beauty inside the patriarchy but the strain can only lead to one climax.<br /><br />As the tensions of these power relations come to head , Gracia remains ambiguously elusive . The viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit to . The film concludes tragically and explosively in a shoot out which realigns power relations and erases half the major male protanganists . The final shot of Miranda 's beaten face speeding down the PanAmericano highway is despairingly powerful . The boy has been sucked in by the lure of the city 's underworld , yet has lost his only visible family , and his woman , who is his only friend in the film . He has nothing . The overriding metaphors are bold and brave . This is a gangster film in Chile . The notions of family , no sex before marriage etc , are abolished , and instead the harsh realities of the other side of Santiago 's coin are displayed in all their savage glory . Trejo beats Rios brutally , Rios and Miranda make love in a cinema reel room - a whore having sex with a minor she barely knows . The ' gringos ' are seen to have a financial hold over this small Latin American nation , but not through the copper mines , through the illegal path of drugs.<br /><br />Waissbluth 's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underworld , which raises so many social questions , more perhaps than the record - breakingly successful Sexo Con Amor , within a slick , smooth firecracker of a film , which place this film firmly alongside Sexo Con Amor , Taxi Para Tres , and El chacotero Sentimental , as cinematic evidence that Chile is well and truly artistically alive and kicking in the post - transition period 15 years after the censorship of the Military Regime .
1 Los Debutantes is the story of two orphaned brothers who have moved to Santiago from the South after their mother dies . The confident and streetwise Silvio , the elder brother , gets a job working for a sleazy strip club 's owner after taking the naive Victor there for his 17th birthday.<br /><br />As Silvio blossoms under his boss 's tutelage , both brothers get involved with the owner 's sexy and manipulative mistress , Gracia . As the film unfolds , characters are redefined as we begin to see the subtle and overt ways that each one manipulates the next.<br /><br />The film is well made , with good cinematography and fast pacing . It 's also pretty sexy , with a lot of nudity and some fairly explicit sex scenes . It uses the now - popular technique of layering different scenes from different points of view , out of chronological sequence . Many people hate movies like this because they do n't understand what 's going on - Memento , Pulp Fiction , Reservoir Dogs , and many other good films use this device . The plot itself is really nothing new , there are elements of Body Heat , Pulp Fiction , and many other good film noir.<br /><br />As the different layers are revealed , our understandings of the characters and their motivations evolve . While the plot may be somewhat cliché , it is also clever and entertaining.<br /><br />I would call it an enjoyable movie , worth watching , but nothing memorable . I have n't seen many films from Chile , and it 's always interesting to see film noir from other countries . Other than that , rent it if it 's available but do n't lose any sleep if it is n't .
1 I was pretty surprised with this flick . Even though their budjet was obviously lacking still you have to be impressed that this movie took 7 years to make and still turned out good . The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me . My only complaint would be that the ending really was a little too abrupt for my taste . But hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.<br /><br />I would really recommend anyone in Hollywood to look up Antonella Ríos who is an excellent Spanish talent ( something hard to find now days with all the bad novela over acting ) . Antonella Ríos truly is a star on the rise .
1 Other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film . That 's simply not true and a little unfair.<br /><br />The acting is of a good quality and the direction moves on with a decent fluidity . I do n't think there 's anything wrong with the Tarantino - esquire way of interlocking stories together . Perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try . I thought it made the film much more interesting . Perhaps a few elements of the script need tightening , but that 's about the only fault I can find . Nestor Cantillana gives a great performance as Sylvio , also Antonella Rios is stunning and worth the price of admission alone .
1 Contrary to popular belief , this title , to me at least , is not so very bad . In fact . I regard it as a favoured film of all time . The welding of stories was n't structured too well when you consider the differences between the series , however despite all this , you can watch it quite happily . For a feature film of its day , the scenes are well proportioned and the characters remain consistently believable.<br /><br />The sound / audio track is a personal favourite of mine . Nearly everything has a correct sound effect and many of the voices suit the characters much better than their , now badly cast US dub , counterparts . The sync is perfect in every shot . I had a few issues with the casting for the ' alien ' voices ( please forgive the crude naming , it has been a while since i 've seen it ) . Otherwise however , the cast seemed perfectly balanced . I feel and believe in the characters of this movie . Dubs are often a subject i rarely agree with from so long ago . I loved the OSD 's from back then but the castings often let series down.<br /><br />At this point i would like to add that this was one of the first anime i saw in my life . It has historical value to me , but even after seeing the original Megazone 23 it remained stronger and more watched in my collection.<br /><br />To my knowledge the title only ever made it to the US in Texas . Personally i think its a big shame . Had the correct audience been subject to it , i think Robotech the Movie would have been accepted and not tarnished over the years . I am involved with anime each day of my life and everyone i have shown this movie thought it was a nicely put together title.<br /><br />Watching the film after its separate components will allow the viewer to notice the evident plot holes between shows . However , without seeing the originals , a viewer would n't really notice . Since the animation is identical in style , there was no reason to question it back in its day . The UK had very limited access to anime . Laser discs were the most productive media . Personally i like the way Carl had the balls to at least push the genre . I mean Harmony was n't going to put up the cash for the series to get publicised.<br /><br />Despite the few picky faults people have had with this film , The eighties feel of it keeps me in love . If you watch Megazone 23 now , to its original Japanese audio , or the new dub , i believe you will be greatly disappointed with the OSD . Cast your minds back to the original Bubblegum Crisis Dub soundtrack and imagine new eighties audio to E.V.E.<br /><br />Saying all this . This film 's popularity nowadays is most likely down to its rarity on the open market . Personally , it spawned a collection for me . I 'm now scouring the world for merchandise from the three components that made it up and if i ever get to meet Carl Macek , ill shake his hand for the effort , and buy him a pint or a crate for getting me into anime .
1 I saw his movie in Dallas , Texas when it came out in 1986 . I remember them giving out prizes for showing up to see the movie . After seeing the movie I can see why . The movie was not bad , nor was it great . The problem with this movie was that it tried to tell a side story . They created a new story , new characters and tried to wrap it around the Masters Saga . My biggest complaint is that the plot is about a second wave of Robotech Masters attacking the Earth . They even used the same scenes from the Master Saga but with different dialogue . As a kid , I loved the movie . But unfortunately I have n't seen it as an adult and ca n't give a better review . Looking back I was disappointed but now I would love to see the movie and re - evaluate my stance on it . That being said , will someone please release this movie for the whole world to judge ? I love Robotech and ca n't wait for The Shadows Chronicles .
1 Terry Gilliam 's fantastic , twisted story of a virus destroying all but a handful of people across the Earth and forcing them to move underground and the man sent back in time to gather information about it is a fantastic , dizzying , and highly stylized film that boasts Bruce Willis ' best performance ever.<br /><br />What sets 12 Monkeys apart from most time - travel sci - fi movies is that Bruce Willis character actually deals with what the psychological effects of time - travel , that is , not knowing what reality is actual reality : the place that the time - traveler comes from or goes to . Also , the film recognizes that things that have past can not be altered and that the prevention of a cataclysmic event , in this case the release of said virus , can not be stopped or changed . As Willis asserts " It 's already happened , " while he 's in a mental hospital , the major dilemma the film trudges into is not a trite , overdone plot to save the world ; instead it 's Willis ' inner struggle to simply survive himself . It 's a fresh , innovative concept , and it works beautifully thanks to a tautly written script by Peoples and Gilliam 's unique brand of dementia.<br /><br />Besides this , 12 Monkey 's storytelling is totally non - linear and instead opts to distort and bend the way the story is told skillfully incorporating a bevy of different time sequences : flashbacks , dreams , memories , the present , the past , the future , and even a scene that is lifted out of Hitchcock 's Vertigo . All serve to envelop the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and futility.<br /><br />Visually , Gilliam is a master of desolate umbrage and shadow rivalling Tim Burton in his strikingly despondent scenery and imagery . With cold , wide , and immersing cinematography , Gilliam plunges into the colorless surroundings and darkness of his characters . The scenes are often bathed in a strangely antiseptic , dead white and help serve as a contrast to the often veering - on - madness characters.<br /><br />Performance - wise , Brad Pitt steals most scenes , filling them with a patented loony , off - the - wall performance that deservedly garnered him an Oscar nomination . As mentioned , Bruce Willis gives the best performance of his career , not reverting to his heroic cliches and cardboard hero and instead portraying Cole as a simple , poignant , tragic everyman . Equally good is Madeline Stowe as Willis ' psychologist . She holds her own , injecting her character with both wild energy and strength as she collapses under the weight of what she comes to believe is a false ' religion.'<br /><br />Gilliam 's expert , overwhelming , and complex handling of what could have been a routine action / sci - fi film makes 12 Monkeys a compelling vision of a nightmarish , futuristic landscape . Its rich , well - thought out , intricate storyline along with bravura performances from the entire cast and its brooding , bleak cinematography make it a masterpiece of madness . Ranking in my top 10 of all time , 12 Monkeys is a darkly lavish spectacle of a film brimming with brilliance.<br /><br />10 out of 10
1 " Twelve monkeys " 's got all the elements to become Terry Gilliam 's masterpiece . An outstanding screenplay , a sustained rhythm , clever sometimes ironic dialogs . Moreover , he had a good nose about the cast . " Twelve monkeys " is also the first movie where Bruce Willis stands back from the kind of character he used to play in his previous movies . Here , a jaded and hopeless character which you could nickname a prisoner took over from a fearless and invincible hero ( as it was the case in " Die hard " ) . No matter how he tries , he 's a prisoner of the time . The movie contains a very thrilling end too . It 's got a real dramatic power . But this terrific movie is also a reflection about man , the dangers he dreads ( notably , the ones that could cause the end of the world and here , these are virus that can create illnesses ) . No matter how long it will take , " twelve monkeys " will be estimated at its true value : one of the masterpieces made in the nineties .
1 Just kidding , I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I am a huge Bruce Willis fan and I heard some things about the film . Some good and some bad , but it was one of those films you had to pay attention to every second , so I was a bit worried . Just because I felt like for a minute if this was going to be one of those films that I had to watch several times to get . But I watched it last night and I was really impressed , this movie had everything in it : action , drama , sci - fi , history , dark humor , and even a little romance . The actors all did a terrific job , I give a lot of credit to Bruce , during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist , he really got to me . But Brad Pitt , I 'm just amazed with how much of a great job he did . He did n't over do his character , who was crazy , and just made it work and was extremely believable . The story was just scary , but very good and a wake up call.<br /><br />James Cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1 % of the population survived including him . Animals are now ruling the ground above while the humans are down below , but scientists send James to the past of 1990(really meaning to send him to ' 96 ) , to find out about information of the virus . James gets put into a mental institution meeting his new psychiatrist , Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient , Jeffrey Goines . He tells them the future , of course no one believes him , he goes back to the future . But the scientists send him back to the correct year to where the doctor is kidnapped by James , but he tells her more , and believes him . Now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening.<br /><br />12 Monkeys was an incredible film . Like I said the story was so scary just because it 's not at all hard to believe that we are not far from that happening . But the whole movie was just great , the cast , the sets , just the whole picture was a great one . It had a Terminator type of feel to it where we might loose something precious one day , ourselves if we do n't listen to others . What is right and what is wrong ? Who knows ? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys , it 's a great movie that if you give it the proper chance , I 'm sure you 'll enjoy it.<br /><br />9/10
1 I had the privilege of seeing this film at a preview screening years ago , and outside the theater I was confronted by a camera crew from a local TV station looking for comments on the film . At the time , the only words that escaped my mouth were " Awesome . Just awesome . " I like to think I can articulate myself a little better than that , but at the time I was somewhat incapable of doing so.<br /><br />The story is intriguing and thought provoking , and the acting is first rate from all the principals . This film was the first one that Terry Gilliam directed that he did n't have a hand in the writing credit for . Back with Universal after his long , arduous battle with them over " Brazil " , Terry had achieved what he wanted most ; the " final cut " . Terry is a master craftsman , and each shot is like a beautifully conceived painting that has been constructed carefully with determination and conviction . It is only justice that such an individual should be unfettered in his attempts to convey a concept . Unfortunately , limitations still exist in such arrangements.<br /><br />The Universal Collector 's Edition DVD of this film is simply amazing , although most of the bonus features are n't listed on the box . It contains among other things , a director / producer audio commentary and an informative and extremely interesting 90 minute documentary on the making of the film called " The Hamster Factor and Other Tales of 12 Monkeys " . It tells of some of the creative pitfalls in filmmaking , including a test of mettle when preview screenings tested poorly , striking the team with feelings of self - doubt and despair . Fortunately , for all of us , they decided to change very little about the film and released it to an enormous success . < br /><br / >
1 Terry Gilliam 's stunning feature - length adaptation of Chris Marker 's short film LA JETEE is full of mind - bending surprises , yet still touches your heart thanks to the superb cast . Gilliam 's flair for the phantasmagorical works with the script by David and Janet Peoples to play with your head as much as it does with poor James Cole ( Willis at his most Steve McQueen - like -- better than McQueen , even ! ) , a time - traveling convict from the future who literally does n't know whether he 's coming or going as a team of scientists keeps sending him back to the wrong eras while trying to prevent a 1995 plague that 's deadly to humans but harmless to animals . Willis , the justifiably Oscar - nominated Brad Pitt , and Madeline Stowe as a well - meaning psychiatrist give some of the best performances of their careers . Even Paul Buckmaster 's tango - style score is haunting . This one 's a don't - miss !
1 Stories about the possibility of a post - apocalyptic future have been around for ages , since the very creation of science - fiction as a genre per se . The fact that today 's society is responsible for what may become of the future in the near tomorrow , and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right before out eyes are at the very center of all of these stories , whether they are good or bad.<br /><br />Terry Gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of film . He gives the movie a decadent feel throughout , showing a society run ragged by its own excesses and bringing forth the a sense of imminent tragedy despite having moments of comedy . His world , the world in which TWELVE MONKEYS transpires , is a place where the mad run wild , where cities are collapsing in filth and neglect , where everything reeks of foreboding despite the luminosity of the opening sequence , where madness looms at every corner . This is a very dark movie , but his very best , most linear ( despite the plot twists which hold up under examination ) , and one which gets better with repeated viewings.<br /><br />A tragic event in which a deadly virus was unleashed onto humanity in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of Life On The Planet As We Have Known It leads to scientists of the future to try and make amends to change humanity 's fate on the Earth by employing renegade citizens -- the scum of the Earth -- as guinea pigs to go back in time , among them one James Cole ( underplayed to great effect by Bruce Willis ) . Cole could be any person . We do n't know anything about him , but in a way , that does n't matter since he is little more than one of many expendable volunteers and hints of his character sneak in later as he gets closer to fulfilling his mission . What we do know is that he is a man who dreams , and his dreams may have been reality : he may have already been at the scene of the Event of 1996.<br /><br />It 's this constant sense of deja vu that keeps popping up throughout the movie . When taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990 he meets Jeffrey Goines ( spastically played by Brad Pitt , Oscar - nominated here ) who frantically spews forth talk about doom and destruction , and later Cole believes he has seen Goines in his recurring dream as a man pushing a boy aside while escaping ... what ? He does n't know . Later he meets a psychologist , Kathryn Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) , and one of her first reactions to him is that he 's insane , and that she 's seen him before . This becomes a running notion throughout her participation in this story from passive / resistant to active and even slightly crazy believer that Something Terrible is coming This Way , especially when she meets him six years later : she has seen Cole before . At the same time , Cole continues talking about a dream he keeps having in which she also plays a part as a blonde woman running down the aisle , screaming for help , after shots have rung out and a particular red - headed man in a ponytail ( Jeffrey Goines ? ) has apparently escaped , not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent bystander . The questions arise : have these events happened ? Are they going to happen ? Who is really a part of this , or better yet -- is everyone , down to the smallest player , a part of a Greater Plot ? Or is this all some trick in the fabric of time in which Time in itself is one huge conveyor belt showing repetitions of fragments of events that slide by over and over again ? < br /><br />These questions are formulated in a masterful sequence which includes key scenes of Alfred Hitchcock 's masterpiece VERTIGO in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her own brief existence ( " You took no notice , " she says , as Cole and Railly watch from their seats in the movie theatre they are hiding in ) . Snippets of dialog from VERTIGO form a foil to the dialog between Railly and Cole and later , when Cole awakens from having apparently dozed off in the theatre and goes looking for Railly , he comes face - to - face with her in disguise ( looking almost exactly like Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST ) as the swelling Bernard Herrmann score plays the emergence of Judy Barton , dressed as Madeleine Elster . It 's a fascinating sequence , more so because of the most improbable occurrence of the names of the actors in both films : Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly who dons a blond wig and grey trench - coat and calls herself " Judy Simmons " while helping an " insane " man named James Cole ; James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help " insane " Madeleine Elster who will later re - appear not once , but twice , first as brunette Judy Barton , and later , as Madeleine . Action and re - enaction , play and re - play .
1 With ' Twelve Monkeys ' you need to pay attention , but if you do that you probably find a lot to appreciate . I know I did . The story is interesting and deals with time traveling . A virus killed a lot of people back in 1997 and a guy named Cole ( Bruce Willis ) is send back to 1990 and 1996 to find a cure for the virus . In 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital . There he meets Jeffrey Goines ( Brad Pitt ) , who probably has something to do with the virus . He also meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) who does n't believe him in 1990 . When Cole disappears from the mental hospital while he is chained and locked in a room and re - appears in 1996 Kathryn starts believing Cole 's stories.<br /><br />The movie constantly plays with time . Cole makes a phone call and leaves a message in 1996 , it is picked up in the future and " they " send someone . For Cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call . Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention . You could ask some questions but since you ca n't have an answer yourself it is better to agree with the movie.<br /><br />'Twelve Monkeys ' works as sci - fi , with some great images and a dark atmosphere , and it works as a thriller . You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie . May be it has some flaws in the story , but since it is about a fictional thing like time traveling , you should accept what the movie tells us and just try to enjoy . That was the easy part for me .
1 There is a story ( possibly apocryphal ) about an exchange between Bruce Willis and Terry Gilliam at the start of Twelve Monkeys . Gilliam ( allegedly ) produced a long list ( think about the aircraft one from the Fifth Element ) and handed it to Butch Bruce . It was entitled " Things Bruce Willis Does When He Acts " . It ended with a simple message saying : " please do n't do any of the above in my movie".<br /><br />There is a fact about this movie ( definitely true ) . Gilliam did n't have a hand in the writing.<br /><br />I would contend that these two factors played a huge role in creating the extraordinary ( if not commercial ) success that is The Twelve Monkeys.<br /><br />Visually , the Twelve Monkeys is all that we have rightly come to expect from a Gilliam film . It is also full of Gilliamesque surrealism and general ( but magnificent ) strangeness . Gilliam delights in wrong - footing his audience . Although the ending of the Twelve Monkeys will surprise no one who has sat through the first real , Gilliam borrows heavily from Kafka in the clockwork , bureaucratic relentless movement of the characters towards their fate . It is this journey , and the character developments they undergo , which unsettles.<br /><br />I love Gilliam films ( Brazil , in particular ) . But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness . He seems to have so many ideas , and so much enthusiasm , that his films almost invariably end up as a tangled mess ( Brazil , in particular ) . I still maintain that Brazil is Gilliam 's tour de force , but there 's no denying that The Twelve Monkey 's is a breath of fresh air in the tight - plotting department . Style , substance and form seem to merge in a way not usually seen from the ex - Python.<br /><br />Whatever the truth of the rumour above , Gilliam also manages to get a first rate ( and very atypical ) performance out of the bald one . Bruce is excellent in this film , as are all the cast , particularly a suitably bonkers - and very scary - Brad Pitt.<br /><br />It 's been over a decade since this film was released . When I watched it again , I realised that it had n't really aged . I had changed , of course . And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes . This seems to me to be a fitting tribute to a film that , partly at least , is about reflections in mirrors , altered perspectives and the absurd one - way journey through time that we all make . A first rate film . 8/10 .
1 The big problem is where to begin as this movie needs your attention the forthcoming two hours and you better not miss some minutes for getting a coke as there is a danger you ca n't follow . But good there is also a pause - button . Bruce Willis must travel into a timemachine to find out some antivirus for a virus that made animals rule over the world in 1996 . Thanks to some mistakes he first ends up in 1990 , then in the First World War and how messed up it all might look like , Terry Gilliam comes up with what must be one of the most intelligent scripts ever . This ex - Monty Phyton man knows exactly how genius SF - stories has to be told like and his choice of cast could n't have been any better , there is the lunatic Brad Pitt ( his performance in the asylum is memorable ) and a superb Bruce Willis who proves he is more than some Schwarzenegger - wanna be . It 's a movie you can watch over and over again as the script is so weird and complicated ( and yet you can follow ) that every view gives you other surprises . One of my big favourites .
1 A linear travel within a non - linear structure . It 's a fact that time , in 12 monkeys , flows in this come - and - go between present , future and past . However , the movie 's linearity ca n't be avoided : it 's the very work of the projector , the unfolding of the narrative.<br /><br />What we can see underlying the temporal theme is a reflection on the inevitability of our actions . The world of this Terry Gilliam film is a world with little space for free - will.<br /><br />Right from the beginning we are informed about a schizophrenic 's prophecy , according to which a plague would rule the Earth in 1997 , forcing the few survivors to live underground - the only place not affected by the virus.<br /><br />Cole 's ( Willis ) mission is clear : return to the mid 90 's to investigate whatever and whoever is related to the release of the virus . There 's no way to change the past : all that can be done is gather information that can help the scientists of the present ( that , for us viewers , is the future ) find the cure . Not to change what happened ( the past is inevitable ) , but make the present better.<br /><br />In his " returns " in time , Cole gradually comes near a striking dilemma : his life in the past is better than his life in the present.<br /><br />The latter is dark and dehumanizing , controlled by totalitarian scientists that elect " volunteers " ( this word is incisively ironic ) to embark on the journeys to the past.<br /><br />The scientists have not yet reached the highest level of achievements in time travel , and Cole ends up on wrong dates - this will , later in the plot , work as a proof of his sanity for the psychiatrist Kathryn ( Stowe).<br /><br />We can see , through the evolution of the story , that linearity and non - linearity interlace in a circular temporality.<br /><br />There is more than one moment in which the scene that is the first and ends up being almost the last - and certainly the climactic - appears . It modifies itself , according to the evocation of Cole 's memories , that come up in his dreams.<br /><br />In an airport , a man is shot dead while running , armed , toward someone else . A blonde woman runs after the murdered one.<br /><br />This is the scene that connects the past ( in which Cole is a kid that visits the airport with his parents ) , the present ( the time of the narrative ) and the future ( adult Cole ) Throughout the narrative , Cole has the feeling of having already lived the reality he is experiencing now . His prophetic dreams are the proof that it is impossible to escape or avoid what happened . The agents that shoot him stop him from killing the mad scientist , doctor Peters ( Morse ) , that is the responsible for the dissemination of the disease.<br /><br />What was ca n't be changed . And , in Cole 's case , what was is what will be . Eternally.<br /><br />A film not quite well understood for many . To me , nothing less than a masterpiece.<br /><br />Other good movies with similar theme : The Back to the future trilogy ( that has another angle regarding the " mad scientist " character , and although it shares the atmosphere of decay - particularly in the second film - , it is way more optimistic than Gilliam 's work , that is an odd Hollywood picture).<br /><br />In another register , there is " Wild strawberries " , one of Bergman 's masterpieces , that involves a striking and enlightening travel to the past through dreams and reminiscences.<br /><br />I've never watched " La Jetée " , but only because I ca n't find it .
1 Without a doubt , 12 MONKEYS is one of the best films of the Sci - fi genre and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger at pulling off such cinematic originality . An apocalyptic film that holds you completely spellbound , 12 MONKEYS never lets up and has you guessing all the way throughout . Excellent use of Philadelphia locales and netherworld sets create a gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught in time at the wrong place.<br /><br />Bruce Willis escapes his macho image and portrays a true loony who happens to be right about all that will happen . He is actually sane , but the people of the future ( or present if you will ) distort this guy 's head so bad through time travel , no wonder he unravels . He gets sent to World War I just after beng sent to the wrong year to find out how the Army of the Twelve Monkeys pulls off the annihilation of civilization as we know it . They finally get it right and in what is truly a remarkable screenplay to match the performance , we get to see Willis , Madeleine Stowe and an ominous Brad Pitt cross - referenced over the course of 6 years.<br /><br />Stowe is sensual and solid as the risk - taking shrink who slowly starts to realize that Willis may not be as cracked up as he seems . A captivating element of the relationship between her and Willis is their sense of " seeing " each other before , in another place or time . 12 MONKEYS is essentially about time and the madness the futuristic people immerse into it and the times of the present , when killers and a psychotic genius can alter the world.<br /><br />The brooding city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic backdrop for Willis ' plight to complete his mission which is , against all usual Hollywood stereotype , NOT to save the world . He is gathering information . The film plays tricks on the viewer as well , placing Willis in a new setting at the drop of a pin . This must have been an extremely difficult picture to make but Gilliam seems to be the master of hard - boiled movie making . He even drops in some humor reminiscent of other great works like TIME BANDITS , and BRAZIL . The screen is this man 's canvas and he knows how to paint a sometimes terrifying picture of the world and its possible future within the mainstream atmosphere of big - budget films . If you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy , see 12 MONKEYS.<br /><br />RATING : 9 of 10
1 Terry Gilliam 's and David Peoples ' teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction movies of the ' 90 's . People 's proved a screenplay with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time — I especially love the idea one ca n't change the past ; it 's a nice counterpoint to so many time - travelling movies which say otherwise — biological holocausts and the thin line between sanity and madness . Gilliam visualized his ideas with unique quirkiness , perfection and originality.<br /><br />The story itself is engaging : one man , James Cole ( played by Bruce Willis in a heart - warming performance ) travels several decades to the past to retrieve information about a virus that 's wiped out mankind and left only a few survivors alive living underground : with the information he 'll collect , scientists hope to find a cure so everyone in the future can return to the surface . But because their time - travelling technology is n't perfect , he ends up being sent towards different other pasts and complicating things . And from that a brilliant science fiction thriller with shades of film noir ensues as the multiple pieces of a huge jigsaw start fitting together to form a bizarre narrative involving animal right activists , end of the millennium paranoia , biological weapons , the perception of reality , and the definition of sanity . With such a complex movie , it was easy for Gilliam and Peoples to create a mess , but instead Twelve Monkeys is a thought - provoking narrative which will please those who like to be challenged and have patience to appreciate some crazy ideas.<br /><br />I watched this movie once around 10 years ago . It marked me a lot : I remember still thinking about many days after - wards ; for my young mind this seemed quite mind - blowing and it was one of the first movies to make me appreciate cinema as something serious and important . I 've re - watched this movie a few days ago on DVD and it 's better than I remembered it . Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he 's in , playing Jeffrey Goines — almost a prelude to his Tyler Durden character in Fight Club — a rich kid with some anarchist / non - conformist ideas who 's also crazy and , according to Cole , perhaps responsible for the virus . The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the madhouse are the best in the movie , Pitt 's eyes , voice and quirky mannerisms convince you he 's really a crazy guy locked in a warped logic only he understands . Pitt 's Oscar nomination was well deserved ! Surprising was also Bruce Willis ' performance : his I did n't remember very well , but it 's beautiful and full of sensibility ; he plays a man who spent almost all his life underground , and when he comes to the past you 'll share his childish fascination with something as simple as breathing the fresh air of the morning or watching the sun go up . Cole is a rather ambiguous character , Peoples ' tried to imbue some darkness in him , and he does other disturbing things to other people and to himself : the scene where he removes his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has gone unchecked . Ironically Cole did n't start as a crazy character , but when he starts warning everyone about the end of the world , he 's considered mad and convinced it 's all in his mind , until he arrives at a point when he ca n't distinguish past from future , reality from fiction . Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure , and it works perfectly . One of the fun twists in the narrative is when Cole 's shrink , Dr. Kathryn Railly , finds undeniable proof he 's really from the future and now has to convince him again of his mission to save the world . The screenplay is full with weird twists like this and it keeps the movie in a fast pace . Their relationship is also well - handed , although perhaps a bit compressed for time 's sake . But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly falling in love and trying to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past . But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport , wrapping all the pieces together , which will blow many minds away.<br /><br />There are two great endings in this movie , a twist in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club , and a more intimate ending where Railly is crouching next to Cole who 's just been shot and looking around for a younger James Cole who 's witnessing his future self die ; the two share a brief look , and she smiles at him . The twist is brilliant , but I prefer this ending for emotional impact . Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr. Railly , she drew many different emotions from me in her performance . The movie is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea the past ca n't be changed : this movie shows that in a terrifying way . It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense , the way Jake Gittes messes everything up the more he tries to help . Railly 's character shares that fatalism , the more she tries to help Cole — first dealing with his ' madness ' then helping him in his mission — the more they 're sucked into tragedy.<br /><br />The twist ends with a hopeful note , though , with the feeling Cole 's mission has n't been in vain . Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to watch if one wants to be entertained ; it 's not supposed to be art , although it 's more artists than many artistic movies . It 's an unpretentious movie where all elements , from music to editing to costume design , etc . , came together beautifully to produce a modern cinema masterpiece .
1 Normally I try to avoid Sci - Fi movies as much as I can , because this just is n't a genre that really appeals to me . Light sabers , UFO 's , aliens , time traveling ... most of the time it 's nothing for me . However , there is one movie in the genre that I 'll always give a place in my list of top movies and that 's this " Twelve Monkeys " I remember to be completely blown away by it the first time , but even now , after having it seen several times already , I 'm still one of its biggest fans . Every time I see it , this movie seems to get better and better.<br /><br />Somewhere in the distant future all people live underground because an unknown and lethal virus wiped out five billion people in 1996 , leaving only 1 percent of the population alive . James Cole is one of them . He 's a prisoner who lives in a small cage and who is chosen as a ' volunteer ' to be sent back to in time to gather information about the origin of the epidemic . They believe it was spread by a mysterious group called ' The Twelve Monkeys ' and need the virus before it mutated , so that scientists can study it . But their time traveling machine does n't work perfectly yet and he is accidentally sent to 1990 , where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly , a psychiatrist , and Jeffrey Goines , the insane son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /><br />What I like so much about this movie is the fact that it is never clear whether all what you are seeing is real or not . Is this just an illusion , created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it real ? Does he really come from the future and can he really travel through time ? Was the population really wiped out by a virus , released by the army of The Twelve Monkeys ? Those are all questions that will leave you wondering from the beginning until the end . If the makers of this movie had chosen to make it all more obvious , I 'm sure that I would never have liked it as much as I did now . It 's just that mysteriousness that keeps me interested time after time . But that 's not the only good thing about this movie of course . The acting is amazing too . Normally I 'm not too much a fan of Bruce Willis , but what he did in this movie was just astonishing . Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt he should have won several awards for it , because together with the amazing story , they made this movie work so incredibly well.<br /><br />Even after several viewings , I 'm still a huge fan of this movie . Except for this movie , I have only seen one other Terry Gilliam movie and that 's " Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas " , which was n't bad , but did n't really convince me either . However , it 's this movie that really makes me look forward to his other work . I give it a 9/10 , maybe even a 9.5/10 .
1 NB : Spoilers within . This great movie is " about " so many things , all of them successfully : sci - fi time travel , unstable psychologies , dystopian society , the what - is - real syndrome , gradual undermining of belief systems , worldwide bioterrorism , and a nascent love story.<br /><br />The ramifications of the story 's twisted time line stir up loads of heated debate - witness the discussions within this site ; or , as an extreme , check out the dissertation at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html . Whew ! Such temporal emphasis speaks mostly to the brilliant plot , coming from the magnificent work of writers David and Janet Peoples , not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker 's " La Jetee . " Without a doubt , this is one of the most successful , fascinating time - travel movies ever conceived . But there are many other levels speaking here.<br /><br />The movie 's real genius is to focus on the nasty side effects of time - travel in the mind of James Cole ( Bruce Willis , doing the best work of his career here ) . His journey progresses from gung - ho vaccine - hunting warrior to gradually unhinged victim – and back again . The other broad sweep of the story increasingly emphasizes the personal tale between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly ( the wonderful Madeleine Stowe ) . I love the simultaneous shifting / opposing viewpoints of these two characters . For me it all comes to a head in the fleabag hotel room scene . By this point , James – once gripped by an unshakable determination – now slumps in utter doubt about his own reality ; while Dr. Railly – the cool and rational scientist – has finally become wildly convinced , after absorbing James 's proofs , of his horrific predictions . Her desperation to get through to James and hang on to the mission shows how far she 's come.<br /><br />Gilliam makes us care about these characters , especially through the crescendo of tension threading their lives . The balance held between emotional roller - coaster and mounting sci - fi puzzle / thriller is exquisite . And the denouement at the airport is heart - poundingly intense because we see it coming so clearly through James 's dreams . It is here , just after James has decided to quit the whole mess – and is fighting his insanity more than ever – that he steps back up to the plate and does what is necessary for mankind . See Jose and the gun …  ( Just before this , the references to Hitchcock 's " Vertigo " and identity switching / confusion are brilliant . ) This is a movie to be hashed out between thinking people ; it not only holds up under repeated viewings , it demands them . " Twelve Monkeys " is intelligent , provocative , bizarre , funny , and suspenseful stuff.<br /><br />The supporting cast is excellent , especially Brad Pitt stealing all of his scenes and showing great flexibility as Jeffery Goines , crazed and spoiled , but ever the survivor . And there is David Morse as Dr. Peters ( interesting how the movie simply leaves to the viewer his wicked motivation ) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines . But the biggest accolades belong to Terry Gilliam , surpassing here - just barely - his outstanding " Brazil . " ( Lots of parallels , of course , especially the lonely combatant trying to escape his crumbling surroundings : lunacy within , lunacy without . ) Every frame of this movie has his unique stamp and tone . The soundtrack is terrific , too.<br /><br />This is one of the great achievements of the 90s , a true favorite of mine , and sure to hold up for a long time to come .
1 I just bought the DVD and i must say , ( after seeing Brazil and Fear an loathing in Las Vegas ) Terry does it again . As well of being a fan of the Monty Python movies , Terry Gilliam 's genius follows through in this sci fi thriller , whom Bruce Willis plays a wonderful role as James Cole , and as well ( perhaps my favorite character ) Brad Pitt who played the insanity of Jefferey Goines . A must have for sci fi fans , or movie fan of any type really , because it includes suspense , drama , action , etc . < br /><br />any way the plot , In the future , 1 % of the world 's population survives a disease intended to wipe out the human race , which is unleashed in the past by " the army of twelve monkeys " . James Cole ( Bruce Willis ) is sent back to 1996 ( which is when the virus was unleashed ) to find out about the disease , so scientists in his time can find a cure . Before i go further , James Cole lives in an underground society , and the animals rule the world on the surface due to the disease that will kill the humans . anyway when he is sent back in time he is actually sent back to 1990 where he is sent to a mental institution because of his tellings to people of the virus . During his stay he meets Jefferey Goins ( Brad Pitt ) who is later mostly responsible for wiping out the human race . He also meets his psychiatrist ( ( Madelein Stowe ) who eventually teams up with Bruce to save the world ( as she sees that he is correct in his tellings ) , he is sent back and forth from his time to the past and eventually sent to 1996 where he then questions his own sanity but later pulls through to reveal a suspenseful end quarter of the movie and later builds up to the somewhat shocking climax , where he tries to stop the man carrying the virus ( not actually Brad Pitt ) and is instead shot by the police as the killer gets away .
1 I ca n't decide whether this is one of my favourite movies . It is a good thriller and has an emotional core but still I ca n't decide . I definitely liked it . This is the first movie of Terry Gilliam that I have seen . My first impression ? I was engaged till the very end and it is not all that complex(to be confusing).<br /><br />The movie is set in the future . A man James Cole(Bruce Willis ) is sent from the future in order to get some information from the past(1996 to be specific ) . A virus killed 5 billion people . He is sent from the future to get some information about it . Also involved here are a psychiatrist called Kathryn Railly . The love story is portrayed beautifully and you can really feel the longing in this love and longing for a regular life . The loose ends are tied up in a very interesting manner at the end.<br /><br />One thing I liked about this movie is that unlike other post - apocalyptic movies , the movie did n't prefer to give any boring social commentary and instead focused on this one guy and his longing for a regular life . " You want to see the ocean , be with her " is especially a poignant line in this movie . It chooses to focus on the tension and confusion in the person 's mind . Therefore this is not exactly post apocalyptic movie but instead it could be described as a romantic sci fi movie with themes that range from time travel to blurred realities and so on . This is what makes this movie a special movie of the 1990 's . The complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters.<br /><br />The performances are quite good . Bruce willis surprised me here as he did n't act the regular tough guy here but he gave a good performance of a confused man who is in love . His desperation in certain sequences is portrayed beautifully . I have to check out his other movies . The gorgeous Madeleine Stowe is quite a treat to watch . EVer since I saw this movie , I have become so obsessed with her . She has given a great performance of a woman who sympathises with her patient and finally falls in love with him . Brad Pitt is the real surprise though with his portrayal of a crazy man named Jeffrey Goines . His Oscar nominated performance is quite surprising considering that he does n't have many critics who have kind words for him.<br /><br />The end is quite chilling and that is also another reason to watch the movie . The length or complexity is not as big a problem because this film is quite fast moving and there are enough incidents to keep people interested . And every incident in this movie has a meaning and nothing is there that is unnecessary.<br /><br />Good thriller 10/10
1 A great addition to anyone 's collection.<br /><br />12 monkeys is a movie you do n't see every day . It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story . This is not a normal role for Bruce Willis but he holds the role like he holds John McClane.<br /><br />The virus - kills everyone on earth and leaves a few hundred survivors story is not a new one but the story takes a fresh new direction on it.<br /><br />A man(Bruce)is sent back in time to get information on a virus which has wiped out most of man kind.<br /><br />The actors in this were awesome . I must give a mention to Brad Pitt who was hilarious as the mental patient James Cole(Bruce ) meets in a mental hospital.<br /><br />The director did an amazing job on bringing us a disturbing picture of a future devastated by a man - made virus.<br /><br />The animals seen in the virus world made it feel like they run the world when humans are driven into underground facilities.<br /><br />This movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.<br /><br />I very much highly recommend it.<br /><br />10/10
1 First of all , we know that Bruce Willis is a good actor but if you take the majority of his movies you 'll see that the characters have these moments where they are the same . His character in this movie is far beyond every single one so far ... and counting . The story begins in the ( not so far ) future where a man is sent to the past to find the source of a virus that has swept most of humanity from the face of the earth . The story seems to go towards SF but i think its closer to a drama because of the slow rhythm of the story . About that . Movies tend to be faster and slower at some points and develop more towards the end than the beginning but as you see this movie you 'll be aware of this constant rhythm of story and revealing facts that does not speed up nor slow down . Its the one and the same speed that flows gently and pretty good . But that does n't mean that the ending wo nt pull your nerves , cause its pretty good . As far as the direction goes , it is prefect . Movies as such are easily destroyed by bad directing but this one has become far better . So , if you are getting ready to see a Sci - Fi movie or some action , you 'll miss it . B There should be more movies like this .
1 The story of this film is truly remarkable . A virus cut loose and only 1 % of the human race survived . The only thing we know now is that animals rule the land above and there are posters everywhere that say , " The Twelve Monkeys did it . " That s right , the human race had to hide underground from the sickness that had killed over 500 Billion people . Apparently animals do not contract this disease . Day by day the present scientist try to discover what type of sickness had caused this ; how it was created ; if nature did it or a mere human being had created it . All they know is that there is are a bunch of animals running around a city above them , the deaths began during 1996 - 1997 , and twelve monkeys have something to do with it . ( Or at least that s what the poster says . ) So a current convict named James Cole ( Bruce Willis ) is sent as a " volunteer " to get some samples from above . After he does his " volunteer " work , he is asked to be sent back in time to the year 1996 to figure out what happened to the world . Cole accepts and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begin.<br /><br />Throughout the story the time machine gets the dates wrong quite a few times , from 1990 , to some time during the 1950 's . ( In a middle of a war . ) Throughout the time traveling back and forth , it starts to mess James up in the head and that twist the story up . The whole story is very well done and I would of gave it a higher grade if it was n't for the ending . I personally did n't like the ending of the movie and I was very disappointed . I just was expecting a more explaining ending then what had happen , but it is n't everyone who thinks this way . So I gave it a 8 , but if everyone had the same opinion as me I would give it a 6 or 7.<br /><br />For the whole acting of the film , I give it a A+ . Bruce Willis is great for this role and he acts good , but Brad Pitt is completely 100 % excellent . His acting is so great , he gets into the character so well . I never really cared for Brad Pitt in till I saw him in this and Fight Club . There characters or similar in this film , he is just a little more ... insane in this film . So overall I think this film is completely worth checking out . For most people it 's a great science fiction film , I just do n't think it is a masterpiece .
1 Terry Gilliam gives a stunning movie , which I thoroughly enjoyed . Bruce Willis , Madeline Stowe , Brad Pitt and even the small appearance of Christover Plummer makes the movie absolutely brilliant ! This is the only Terry Gilliam film I 've seen , and Twelve Monkeys is definitely in my top 10 . I think this is one of the four best Bruce Willis movies ; and Brad Pitt 's best . Brad Pitt delivers a perfect performance . Possibly one of the ten best actor 's performance that I 've ever seen . He played his role ( Geoffrey ) very convincingly . Bruce Willis ' role ( James Cole ) was also quite convincing . Both Bruce Willis and Brad Pitt acted extraordinarily well . With the brilliant story to back the great performances ; and to back that up , Terry Gilliam 's superb directing .
1 I really enjoyed this -- I 'm a big fan of movies that mess with your mind and leave you with a lot of questions and ideas to debate , and this was a stellar example . But then , Terry Gilliam is always good at that ( well , almost always . Let 's just forget about Jabberwocky and The Brothers Grimm , shall we?).<br /><br />I particularly liked the way it handled the time travel theme and the avoidance of paradoxes -- the way events in the past and future intertwined and fed into each other.<br /><br />It was also really well done aesthetically -- the art direction was really great , and I wish I 'd been able to see it on the big screen . The future scenes had a similar feel to Brazil in a lot of ways , and even the present scenes were often really visually compelling.<br /><br />But perhaps the most striking thing about it was that it featured two actors I normally do n't much like , Bruce Willis and Brad Pitt , and they both delivered amazing performances here . Pitt especially -- I 'd seen one or two films before that made me realize he could in fact actually act ( contrary to what I 'd originally thought ) , but this one really outdid them . I actually found myself asking my friends at one point " Are you SURE that 's Brad Pitt ? " This is probably the most memorable performance of his career ( though admittedly that may not be saying too much ) .
1 " Twelve Monkeys " is odd and disturbing , yet being so clever and intelligent at the same time . It cleverly jumps between future and the past , and the story it tells is about a man named James Cole , a convict , who is sent back to the past to gather information about a man - made virus that wiped out 5 billion of the human population on the planet back in 1996 . At first Cole is sent back to the year 1990 by accident and by misfortune he is taken to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who tries to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines , the insane son of a famous scientist . Being provocative and somehow so sensible , dealing with and between reason and madness , the movie is a definite masterpiece in the history of science - fiction films.<br /><br />The story is just fantastic . It 's so original and so entertaining . The screenplay itself written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a movie named " La Jetée " ( 1962 ) which I have n't seen , but I must thank the director and writer of the movie , Chris Marker , for giving such an inspiration for the writers of " Twelve Monkeys " . I read a little about " La Jetée " , it 's not the same story but it has the same idea , so this is not just a copy of it . David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great deal of inspiration to a modernized story , which tells about this urgent need for people to find a solution for maintaining human existence and it does it in a so beautiful and a realistic way that it 's a guaranteed thrill ride from the beginning till the end . The music used in the film is odd and somehow so funny and amusing it does n't really fit until you really get it and when you do you realise that it 's so compelling , composed by Paul Buckmaster.<br /><br />Terry Gilliam , who we remember from Monty Python , as the director of the movie was a real surprise for me , as I really never thought him as a director type of a person . I know he has directed movies before , but I really could n't believe that he could make something this magnificent . It should n't be a surprise though , as he does an amazing job . You can still sense that same weirdness as in the Python 's , but for me the directing is pretty much flawless though in its odd way of describing things it also makes some scenes strangely disturbing . Yes , it is indeed odd , weird , bizarre and disturbing , so it also makes the movie a bit heavy too , so the weak minded viewers will probably find it hard to watch the movie all the way through . It 's not as heavy as you could imagine , but it just has these certain things which in their own purpose are sometimes pretty severe to watch . Despite that , the movie holds this pure intelligence inside it and through flashbacks , dreams , jumps between the past and the future it mixes up the whole story in a very clever way and it does n't even make the plot messy in any part , though it does need concentration from the viewer after all.<br /><br />What comes to acting , well the movie does n't even go wrong there . The role of James Cole is played by the mighty Bruce Willis , who probably does his best role performance yet to date . Now people may disagree with me , as he did some fine job in for example " The Sixth Sense " as well , but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he performs it incredibly well . The character is very well written too , yet performed even better . Cole starts to question his own existence and he deals with himself , starting to question his actual time of living , trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle . By hardship he starts to loose his faith , questioning if he can even trust or believe himself . Other role performances worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt . Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly , the psychiatrist of James Cole , who sees something strangely familiar in Cole and decides to help him to deal with his madness . She somehow starts to believe Cole 's story but as a believer of science she tries to find solutions through it and tries to deal with reason when it comes to unbelievable things . Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he also does one of his best role performances yet to date . The insane yet hilarious personality of the character brought Pitt even an Oscar nomination for it , so I guess I 'm not praising the honestly fabulous performance for nothing.<br /><br />All in all , " Twelve Monkeys " is a great science - fiction experience and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone , especially for the sci - fi fans . It includes brilliant characters and superb role performances , especially from Willis and Pitt , and an original and an entertaining story which forms a plot that 's so intelligent and clever . Yet being that already mentioned weird and disturbing it definitely captures the viewer 's attention by making it interesting and witty . It 's also an explosive thriller and it has romance in it too , so it 's all that in same package and that makes it one of the best sci - fi motion pictures I 've ever seen . Through the odd yet terrific vision of Terry Gilliam it manages to keep itself in balance despite the somewhat bumpy yet somehow stable ride . Hard to explain really , but that 's how it is , it 's mind blowing .
1 One of the all - time great science fiction works , as visionary and thought - provoking as Blade Runner or even Gilliam 's own Brazil . Willis gives his best performance here , but he 's outdone by Pitt 's incredibly frenetic turn that 's unlike anything he 's done before or since . Even Stowe is n't out of her league here , though . The story is very layered and offers quite a lot to think about . The climactic scene is beautifully magnificent , and the last lines fit perfectly . The scenes in the mental hospital are creepy and yet so funny in their own way . Lots of dark humour on display here . Fantastic production design and suitably bizarre cinematography . In my top ten .
1 A very strong movie . Bruce is good and Brad also.<br /><br />As I think there are two cities missed in the receptionist list from the list Bruce remembered.<br /><br />That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.<br /><br />Well , Novikov property seems to me work in this movie . However , I do believe in Back to the future theory of worlds ' multiplicity.<br /><br />So Bruce could save the world , but not his world.<br /><br />In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.<br /><br />And I do believe there is no problem in that . Here I disagree with Dr. Brown from Back ... <br /><br />But the story pf 12 Monkeys has its own beauty . Inspite of all these theories of one world or many or continuum one can believe that he is really insane and the doctor - his girlfriend was just lost.<br /><br />A sequence of events which may lead her to believe that he is from the future . The bullet - well it might be some mistake , some falsification.<br /><br />Well I like this movie - has to buy a DVD.<br /><br />Best .
1 Time paradoxes are the devil 's snare for underemployed minds . They 're fun to consider in a ' what if ? ' sort of way . Film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including ' Star Trek : First Contact ' , the ' Back to the Future ' trilogy , ' Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure ' , ' Groundhog Day ' and the Stargate SG1 homage , ' Window of Opportunity ' . Heinlein 's ' All You Zombies ' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time.<br /><br />In the case of Terry Gilliam 's excellent film , ' 12 Monkeys ' , it 's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re - think our conception of the film . Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.<br /><br />Some , seeing the film for the first time , will regard Cole , played by Bruce Willis , as a schizophrenic . Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as ' the continual wrenching of experience ' visited upon him by time travel.<br /><br />Unlike other time travel stories , ' 12 Monkeys ' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past . Cole tells his psychiatrist , Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) , that time can not be changed , but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists AFTER he has been sent back to 1996 , in his own personal time - line.<br /><br />Even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time - line universe , in order to ensure that the time - line is not altered ... Cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realized . If that 's the case , time is like a fluid , it always finds its own level or path , irrespective of the external forces working on it . It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.<br /><br />If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time , as we see on board the plane at the end of the film , then that means the future CAN be changed by manipulating past events ... or does it ? The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians
1 Terry Gilliam traveled again to the future ( he had already done it in " Brazil " ) to tell this story about a virus that 's destroying the human race.<br /><br />The script is totally crazy with some easy tricks on it but it 's quite entertaining and Gilliam proves that he 's got imagination ( the futuristic scenes are just great ) . As for the cast , Bruce Willis and the beautiful Madeleine Stowe ( whatever happened to her ? ? ) are just OK , but Brad Pitt is so annoying , whenever he plays roles that are out of his hand he results so forced and he 's not credible at all . He should just play good - looking successful young men.<br /><br />*My rate : 7/10
1 One of the greatest film I have seen this year . Last maybe before sun rise , which is also seen late at night alone in the lab . I like the idea of the film , which suggest free will of man and our weakness against fate . With time past by James and Kathryn are destined to fail and an indescribable sorrow comes . I do like the end . but a big question also comes . The virus shall not be released again , should it?<br /><br />In the last scene in the airport . Jose is sent back to meet James again by future scientists . When he tell him that scientists had already got his message and know someone else would spread the virus . And they two together meet Kathryn when Kathryn tell James the true man is DR . Goines assistant . So it is clearly Jose also get the true information about the virus,(James keep an eye on him at the time remember ? ) and he has teeth . So why everything is still happen ? ? Why future scientists do n't do anything after the truth is revealed ? ? My biggest question after the film ...
1 Twelve Monkeys is an insane time - travelling , action packed movie that stars Bruce Willis who plays James Cole , a man who is sent back in time to collect information about the devastating plague that ensues in November of 1996 . Unfortunately , he is sent back too far to the year 1990 where everyone believes that he is insane.<br /><br />This movie is thrilling and has great acting performances from Bruce Willis , Brad Pitt and Madeleine Stowe . Twelve monkeys is one of the greatest time travelling movies that I believe anybody can enjoy . Terry Gilliam has created a true masterpiece < br /><br />10/10
1 Time paradoxes are the devil 's snare for underemployed minds . They 're fun to consider in a ' what if ? ' sort of way . Film makers and authors have dealt with this time and again in a host of films and television including ' Star Trek : First Contact ' , the ' Back to the Future ' trilogy , ' Bill and Ted 's Excellent Adventure ' , ' Groundhog Day ' and the Stargate SG1 homage , ' Window of Opportunity ' . Heinlein 's ' All You Zombies ' was written decades ago and yet it will still spin out people reading that short story for the first time.<br /><br />In the case of Terry Gilliam 's excellent film , ' 12 Monkeys ' , it 's hard to establish what may be continuity problems versus plot elements intended to make us re - think our conception of the film . Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.<br /><br />Some , seeing the film for the first time , will regard Cole , played by Bruce Willis , as a schizophrenic . Most will see Cole as a man disturbed by what Adams describes as ' the continual wrenching of experience ' visited upon him by time travel.<br /><br />Unlike other time travel stories , ' 12 Monkeys ' is unclear as to whether future history can be changed by manipulating events in the past . Cole tells his psychiatrist , Railly ( Madeleine Stowe ) , that time can not be changed , but a phone call he makes from the airport is intercepted by scientists AFTER he has been sent back to 1996 , in his own personal time - line.<br /><br />Even this could be construed as an event that had to happen in a single time - line universe , in order to ensure that the time - line is not altered ... Cole has to die before the eyes of his younger self for fate to be realised . If that 's the case , time is like a fluid , it always finds its own level or path , irrespective of the external forces working on it . It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.<br /><br />If you can change future events that then guide the actions of those with the power to send people back in time , as we see on board the plane at the end of the film , then that means the future CAN be changed by manipulating past events ... or does it ? The film has probably led to plenty of drunken brawls at bars frequented by physicists and mathematicians.<br /><br />Bonus material on the DVD makes for very interesting viewing . Gilliam was under more than normal pressure to bring the film in under budget , which is no particular surprise after the ' Munchausen ' debacle and in light of his later attempt to film ' Don Quixote ' . I would rate the ' making of ' documentary as one of the more interesting I 've seen . It certainly is no whitewash and accurately observes the difficulties and occasional conflict arising between the creative people involved . Gilliam 's description of the film as his " 7½th " release , on account of the film being written by writers other than himself - and therefore , not really ' his ' film ' - does n't do the film itself justice.<br /><br />Brad Pitt 's portrayal of Goines is curiously engaging , although his character is not especially sympathetic . Watch for his slightly wall - eyed look in one of the scenes from the asylum . It 's disturbing and distracting.<br /><br />Probably a coincidence , the Louis Armstrong song ' What a Wonderful World ' was used at the end of both ' 12 Monkeys ' and the final episode of the TV series of ' The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy ' . Both the film and the TV series also featured British actor Simon Jones.<br /><br />'12 Monkeys ' is a science fiction story that will entertain in the same way that the mental stimulation of a game of chess may entertain . It 's not a mindless recreation , that 's for sure .
1 One of the most appealing elements of a Gilliam film is that the well - concocted visuals , the unsettling backdrops , and the manically frustrated characters are evidence of the creator 's involvement . Instead of most movies ( where the filmmaker is some director - for - hire that is paid to feature a star or two ) , you can feel Terry Gilliam 's presence through the experience . " 12 Monkeys " is evidence of Gilliam 's own vision and style , as opposed to making offbeat movies for their own sake . " 12 Monkeys " is a variation on similar themes of Gilliam 's repertoire : oppressive / recessive societies , the solitude of the protagonist , the frustration associated with disbelief , and parallel realms . In this film Gilliam does a fine job of blurring lines between the two realms , using ambiguities to force the audience to believe rather than know . This tendency for Gilliam to neglect to fill in certain gaps leads to criticisms of art - house pretentiousness . The difference between Gilliam and artsy posers is that Gilliam 's choices clearly have a purpose and all of his images have meaning . The two nearly identical bathing scenes of Cole in the beginning are meant to draw comparisons which leave the audience unsettled . His bald head is a mark of uniformity in the disease - ridden future world , yet makes him recognizable in the 1996 world . The title itself is a mark of Gilliam 's creativity , as it requires the majority of the story to flesh out for its meaning to be fully understood . All in all , Gilliam 's dedication to making creative films that are interesting to watch yet also require thought and interpretation from the audience . The film has immense re - watch value , since there are subtle details and hints that can be missed upon the first viewing . Definitely one of my favorites .
1 It has been said that Deanna Durbin invented teenagery . This first film was one of the best . The humorous story presented a delightful 14 year old Deanna , a little beauty with a gorgeous voice , as the " Miss Fixit " in a family split by divorce . For plot summary , see other IMDb entries , but quickly Deanna and her two older sisters plan to go to America from Switzerland to prevent their father from remarrying . With an excellent supporting cast especially Barbara Read and Nan Grey as the sisters , good direction and editing , the film succeeds in captivating one even on subsequent viewings . Of Deanna 's three songs , only " Il Bacio " is from the classical repertoire , but when she sings it in that police station scene , the film 's place in history is assured . At least it was for this viewer who at the age of 15 was smitten for life with both Deanna and classical music . One of the many nice touches that occur throughout THREE SMART GIRLS is the brief glimpse of the drunk stretching his neck for a final glimpse of Deanna as the cops hustle him by ! One unfortunate result of the success of this film was that subsequent writers for Durbin vehicles became locked into the " Miss Fixit " theme , which quickly became stale . Deanna herself never did . Her stature as an actress is more questionable than her charisma , which she certainly had . It seems to me that , like many another film personality , she substituted " naturalness " for the histrionic ability that she lacked . The ploy worked well for 21 feature films .
1 I 'm surprised at the comments from posters stating that Jane Powell made the same type of films Deanna Durbin did . Although they were both young sopranos whose film images were crafted by Joe Pasternak , if this film is any indication , they were almost polar opposites.<br /><br />While , in THREE SMART GIRLS , Durbin plays an impulsive " Little Miss Fixit , " who , after some setbacks , manages to reunite her divorced parents , in its ' semi - remake , THREE DARING DAUGHTERS , Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen Mom Jeanette MacDonald and new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him and strong arms her younger siblings into rejecting him , too . From the Durbin and Powell films I 've seen , I 'd say these disparate qualities permeate the early films of both of these talented young performers.<br /><br />As for Durbin 's performance in THREE SMART GIRLS , I find it completely winning , and most impressive . Although it 's clear from her occasionally shrill and over - emphatic line readings in some of the more energetic scenes that this is an early film for Deanna , watching the self - confident , knowing and naturally effervescent manner in which she delivers her lines and performs overall , and the subdued and tender manner she projects the more serious scenes , you 'd never guess that this was the FIRST film role of a 14 year - old girl whose prior professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of vocal instruction . < br /><br />Given that this film , and Durbin herself , were much publicized at the time as " Universal 's last chance , " the production must have been an impossibly stressful situation for a film novice of any age , but you 'd never know it from the ease and assurance Durbin displays on screen . Although she 's clearly still developing her acting style and demeanor before the camera ( this was equally true of the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries like Garland , Rooney , O'Connor and Jane Powell ) , Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on camera that is absolutely unique to her , and , even here , in her first film , she manages to remain immensely likable despite the often quick - tempered impulsiveness of her character , and though she 's occasionally shrill , she never for a second projects the coy and arch qualities that afflicted many child stars , including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of her success.<br /><br />In short , like all great singing stars , Durbin was much more than just a " beautiful voice . " On the other hand , while Durbin 's pure lyric soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument , the most remarkable thing about it , to me , was the way she is able to project her songs , without the slightest bit of affectation or " grandnes " that afflict the singing of adult opera singers like Lily Pons , Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in films of the period < br /><br />The film is also delightful , heavily influenced by screwball comedy , it backs Durbin up with a creme - de - la - creme of first - class screwball pros such as Charles Winninger , Binnie Barnes , Alice Brady , Ray Milland and Mischa Auer . The story is light and entertaining . True , it 's hardly " realistic , " but why would anyone expect it to be ? If you want : " realistic " rent THE GRAPES OF WRATH or TRIUMPH OF THE WILL . On the other hand , if you 're looking for a genuine , sweet , funny and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully , charismatic and gifted adolescent " lead , " and terrific supporting players , this film wo n't let you down .
1 Although she is little known today , Deanna Durbin was one of the most popular stars of the 1930s , a pretty teenager with a perky personality and a much - admired operatic singing voice . This 1937 was her first major film , and it proved a box - office bonanza for beleaguered Universal Studios.<br /><br />THREE SMART GIRLS concerns three daughters of a divorced couple who rush to their long - unseen father when their still - faithful mother reveals he may soon remarry -- with the firm intention of undermining his gold - digger girlfriend and returning him to their mother . Although the story is slight , the script is witty and the expert cast plays it with a neat screwball touch . Durbin has a pleasing voice and appealing personality , and such enjoyable character actors as Charles Winninger , Alice Brady , Lucile Watson , and Mischa Auer round out the cast . A an ultra - light amusement for fans of 1930s film.<br /><br />Gary F. Taylor , aka GFT , Amazon Reviewer
1 This film is so old I never realized how young looking Ray Milland looked in 1936 , I remember him playing in a great film , " Lost Weekend " . Ray plays the role of Michael Stuart , who is a very rich banker . There are three girls in this picture who are not very happy about their father and mother separating and they find out their father is going to get married to a young blonde who is a gold digger only looking for a rich sugar daddy . They hire a man to pose as a very rich Count , his name is Count Ariszted , ( Misha Auer ) who is drunk all the time and is penniless and gives plenty of comic laughs throughout the picture . Deanna Durbin , ( Penny Craig ) surprised everyone when she was booked in a police station and told the chief of police that she was an opera star and then Penny starts singing with the most fantastic soprano voice I have every heard , the entire police department and convicts started applauding , which was a very entertaining and enjoyable scene from this film . This is Deanna Durbin 's first film debut and she became an instant success over night and went on to become a great movie star with Universal Studios after leaving MGM .
1 Cute film about three lively sisters from Switzerland ( often seen running about in matching outfits ) who want to get their parents back together ( seems mom is still carrying the torch for dad ) - so they sail off to New York to stop the dad from marrying a blonde gold - digger he calls " Precious " . Dad has n't seen his daughters in ten years , they ( oddly enough ) do n't seem to mind and think he 's wonderful , and meanwhile Precious seems to lead a life mainly run by her overbearing mother ( Alice Brady ) , a woman who just wants to see to it her daughter marries a rich man . The sisters get the idea of pushing Precious into the path of a drunken Hungarian count , tricking the two gold - digging women into thinking he is one of the richest men in Europe . But a case of mistaken identity makes the girls think the count is good - looking Ray Milland , who goes along with the scheme 'cause he has a crush on sister Kay.<br /><br />This film is enjoyable , light fare . Barbara Read as Kay comes across as sweet and pretty , Ray Milland looks oh so young and handsome here ( though , unfortunately , is given little to do ) , Alice Brady is quite good as the scheming mother - but it is Deanna Durbin , a real charmer and cute as a button playing youngest sister Penny , who pretty much steals the show . With absolutely beautiful vocals , she sings several songs throughout the film , though I actually would have liked to have seen them feature her even more in this . The plot in this film is a bit silly , but nevertheless , I found the film to be entertaining and fun .
1 Deanna Durbin really did save Universal from bankruptcy and enabled it to remain a big studio . By the mid 30s most of the big directors that had been at Universal eg Milestone , Browning and Wyler had gone . Only James Whale remained but his prestigious horror films were behind him . Deanna and Judy Garland appeared in a short " Every Sunday " and initially Garland was suggested for the role of Penny in " Three Smart Girls " . When Garland was unavailable Universal switched to Durbin . Initially she had been definitely a supporting player but her potential was so vivid that the script was rewritten to make her the star . Directed by Henry Koster the film had a European touch.<br /><br />The film starts with a beautiful panorama of a lake in " Switzerland " . The " three smart girls " of the title - three sisters , Joan ( Nan Grey ) , Kay ( Barbara Read ) and Penny ( Deanna Durbin ) are sailing with Penny giving her glorious voice to " My Heart is Singing " . All is not too well on the home front - their father is planning to remarry a younger woman ( Binnie Barnes ) so the three girls with the help of their trusty nurse ( Lucille Watson ) decide to go to New York and reunite him with their mother . Lucille Watson is best remembered for her role as Robert Taylor 's stern mother in " Waterloo Bridge " ( 1941).<br /><br />Donna is a gold - digger who , along with her scatty mother ( Alice Brady ) , is determined to marry Judson Craig ( Charles Winninger ) . For someone with no film experience Deanna is wonderful as Penny , a typical pesky , over enthusiastic kid sister and she is as pretty as a picture . When she sings " Someone to Care for Me " to her father you will just melt - what a glorious voice she had . She also has one of the funniest lines in the film . When her father consoles her with " I 'll take you to the zoo tomorrow " , she replies " Oh I can see enough monkeys around here"!!!<br /><br />With the help of Bill Evans ( John King ) they decide to hire a " count " ( Mischa Auer)to romance Donna . They arrange to meet at a nightclub but due to a mix - up Lord Michael Stuart ( Ray Milland ) is mistaken for the count and Donna falls for him ( she thinks he owns half of Australia ! ! ! ) The plan backfires as he falls for Kay and Donna wants to hasten her marriage to Judson.<br /><br />Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away . She is taken to the local police station where she charms the cops with her rendition of " Il Bacio " ( she is trying to convince them she is a young opera singer . ) Everything ends happily with their mother ( Nella Walker ) sailing over to patch things up with their dad and in the meantime Donna makes the acquaintance of the phoney count ( Mischa Auer ) and sails off to Australia with him.<br /><br />Highly recommended .
1 Deanna Durbin , then 14 and just under contract to MGM , made a short feature in 1936 which paired her with Judy Garland , a year younger , in the first film for both of them . Louis B. Mayer then decided he did n't need two competing young singers , placed his bet on Garland and let Durbin go . Universal immediately signed Durbin , rushed her into Three Smart Girls and rewrote the screenplay to pump up her part . She 's billed last , but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around her name . Universal was convinced Durbin would be a smash , and they were right . Three Smart Girls is less a musical and more a screwball comedy , and Durbin , 15 when the movie was released , carries it with aplomb . She 's Penny Craig , and she and her older sisters , Joan and Kay , are determined to save their father , who had divorced their mother , from the clutches of an elegant gold digger with a fierce mother . They talk their way from Switzerland , where they live , to New York City , where their father lives . They plan not just to break up their father 's wedding but to reunite their father with their mother , who after ten years apart still loves the guy . Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in her warm , luscious soprano ? Nope . Is there any doubt the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and matrimonial material along the way ? Nope , again . Years later Durbin was quoted as saying that she could n't keep playing little Miss Fixit forever . She was right , of course , but in Three Smart Girls , her first feature movie , she has little Miss Fixit down pat . Durbin is funny , determined , resourceful , energetic and , of all things , natural . Her personality is so genuine that it makes this comedy -- a mix of farce , confusion , good intentions and cheerful avarice -- downright endearing . < br /><br />Durbin carries the movie with ease . It 's a lot of fun watching her hold her own against the likes of Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon , the woman with her hooks in Penny 's rich father , played by Charles Winninger , who was no slouch at stealing scenes , either . Alice Brady , who played the dithering matron in My Man Godfrey , plays Donna Lyons ' mother , who is even more of a gold digger than her daughter . The last of the accomplished farceurs is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart , who through a contrived and amusing mix - up is mistaken for Mischa Auer . < br /><br />Three Smart Girls holds up well as a light - weight and amusing comedy of manners and mix- ups . So does Deanna Durbin as a brand - new star , who with her huge success saved Universal 's bacon .
1 Deanna Durbin , Nan Grey and Barbara Read are " Three Smart Girls " in this Universal film from 1936 , which introduces Deanna Durbin to film audiences . It also stars Ray Milland , Mischa Auer , Charles Winninger , John King , Binnie Barnes and Alice Brady . It 's a sweet story about three young women , now living in Switzerland with their divorced mother , who hear their father ( Winninger ) is marrying again . Not having seen him in 10 years and knowing their mother still loves him , they board a ship to America , with the help of the housekeeper / nanny , determined to stop the wedding . Realizing that the intended , called " Precious " ( Barnes ) is nothing but a gold - digger aided and abetted by her mother ( Brady ) , they arrange for her to be introduced to a wealthy Count . This is arranged by their father 's accountant ( King ) . The man he chooses is a full - time drunk ( Auer ) , but the girls mistake him for an actual wealthy count ( Milland ) . What a mess.<br /><br />This is a delightful film , not cloying or overly sugary at all , with some nice performances , particularly by Auer , Milland , Barnes and Brady . The young women are pretty and all do good work . The emphasis , of course , is on young Durbin , who is a natural actress and a beautifully - trained singer . In fact , her voice as a youngster is much more even than it would be as an adult - she has no trouble with the high notes , as she did later on because she put too much weight in the middle voice . She sings a delightful " Il Bacio " in a police station.<br /><br />One of the nicest things about the film is to see the father , played by Charles Winninger , not want his children around - until he sees them and gets to know them . Barnes as the gold - digger is n't all that young , but the girls ' mother looks way up there , so the inference probably was the older man seeking his youth with a younger , more glamorous woman . In fact , he finds the youth he was seeking in his daughters.<br /><br />Universal gives Durbin the big star buildup here - she has the final shot in the movie . Ray Milland at this point was still paying his dues , and it will probably be a surprise even to film fans how young and attractive he is.<br /><br />Very entertaining and of course , this led to a sequel and big stardom for Deanna .
1 Of course , the original is better , but this is n't as bad as everyone says ! Yes , it is made up into 3 stories , but hey , so what ? ! I thought it was quite good to be honest . I actually liked how Anastasia changed a little when she fell in love , it shows what love can do . The stories were not so bad either.<br /><br />I liked Cinderella 's voice better in this too . I have nothing against her voice in the original , but I just think it sounds better here , more nicer . I liked her personality in this too , she had more of a backbone , yet she was still kind.<br /><br />So , I 'll give Cinderella II : Dreams Come True a 7/10 .
1 Many people have commented that this movie was nowhere near as good as the first . Well , maybe it is n't - to you . However , how does your child react to it ? Well , mine loved it more than the first.<br /><br />Disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids . ( For example - Bambi 's mother getting shot . ) This movie was really great for my sensitive little girl who likes humor and happy endings.<br /><br />If you want to be snobby about what should be Disney 's standards based on the past - skip this movie . < br /><br />If you have a sweet little girl or soft - hearted little boy you really want to please , buy this movie and treat your small children . This film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares . I 'm happy with a movie that pleases my kid & does n't need to impress the parents all the time .
1 I was shocked and surprised by the negative reviews I saw on the web , I thought Cinderella 2 ( as well as 3 ) is a very cute and funny sequel for everyone - kids and adults ... like me , I am 22 years old.<br /><br />I also find it and very informative film , it shows lessons on being true to yourself and following your heart . I thought it has great animation , and the voice casting was very good ; the songs performed by Brooke Allison too . Since this film has been divided into three flashbacks / stories , my favorite out of the three , is the story of when Jaq the mouse , became a human for a day , thanks to Fairy Godmother and her magic .
1 Just after I saw the movie , the true magic feeling of the Walt Disney movies came up in me and I realized me that it was a long time ago that I saw the ' real ' magic in a movie.<br /><br />The combination of the right music , speeches and magical effects brings the Disney feeling again into your body . Very special things I saw where the not - knowing effects in the movie , started with the disney logo transforming into the Cinderella castle and ended as an old - story telling fairytale with your grandparents.<br /><br />The magic has returned in me . I rate this movie 8 out of 10 .
1 As an adult I really did enjoy this one . I watched it with my 2 granddaughters and the 3 1/2 year old was fascinated and the 15 month old giggled at the mice.<br /><br />The music is fun and the animation is wonderful . This sequel does what Return to Neverland did n't accomplish . A good follow - up to the Cinderella story ; but what becomes of Drusilla ? Another sequel ? I hope so !
1 The sequel to the ever popular Cinderella story reminded me somewhat of what they did with one of the Beauty & the Beast movies . It 's basically three short stories rolled into 1.<br /><br />OK , the mice are adorable ( I love Gus ! He 's sooo cute ! ) , and Lucifer 's awesome ( as usual ) . I liked some of the newer characters as well , ( Pom Pom was adorable and I did like Prudence . ) . Still , the storyline was somewhat limited , but still very cute . So , I vote 7/10 .
1 Although Cinderella is n't the obvious choice for a sequel I love Jaq and Gus so I did n't hesitate . The format of the mice writing a book for Cinderella was an inspired one . I enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this . The three stories are cute & amusing , although the songs were forgettable . Jaq and Gus were my favourite characters but I also enjoyed seeing Lucifer , Bruno , the Mice Chorus and all the rest . Pom Pom proved the perfect companion for Lucifer and I liked the Governess . A sequel done right for a change . My rating 8/10 .
1 I thought this movie was a lot better than most movie critics are giving it credit for . Though it has its confusing parts of the plot , it does n't greatly interfere with your understanding of the movie . That being said , If you 're not open to more liberal political ideas , then this probably is n't the movie for you . I thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding . Each character has their funny moments and the audience at the Tribeca Film Festival was laughing throughout the whole thing . I thought the satire was a tad over the top in one particular area , but that 's intentionally done . John Cusack is right in that although it 's set in the future , it really makes you see the present .
1 Do n't mistake " War Inc. " for a sharply chiseled satire or a brainy comedy full of inside jokes for news buffs . It isn't.<br /><br />This is an old - fashioned screwball comedy , with ridiculously coincidental plot twists , stock characters ( given some depth in fun performances by John Cusack , Joan Cusack , Marisa Tomei and Hillary Duff ) and a straightforward approach to the political content.<br /><br />You see , the filmmakers ' political points are things nearly all of the country already knows are true . Yeah , we understand that the corporations profiting off the war are corrupt , inept pigs , the political leaders in charge of it are even more inept buffoons , and American imperialism has never looked crasser and more out of touch than it does right now -- but none of that is the point.<br /><br />Here , all of that noise is the setting that they lampoon -- sometimes in genius ways -- as the backdrop for a silly romp , as John Cusack 's character ( the hit - man with a heart ) tries to change his life with the help of the do - gooder journalist who does n't trust him ( Tomei ) and the young Middle Eastern starlet who wants to call off her marriage ( Duff ) . Cusack 's sister , Joan , plays his assistant with an almost cartoonishly enthusiastic quality . Ben Kingsley seemed to me wasted in his smaller part as a ruthless CIA boss.<br /><br />That 's all , and it works . It 's simple fun , but if somehow you ca n't see reality and you think the war is going well and everyone involved with it is doing a good job and there 's no corruption and people in the Middle East wish our Western culture would supplant theirs , then you might not find it as funny.<br /><br />For all the rest of us , it was a light comedy with a political edge .
1 Joshua Seftel 's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is about just as the title suggests : The corporations effect on War.<br /><br />The film is about a mercenary ( John Cusack ) traveling to Turaqistan ( not a real country , fyi ) to help the American government ' get their message across ' to Turaqistan 's leaders . He meets a reporter ( Marisa Tomei ) and we all know what will ensue with a lonely man + a hot reporter . Somewhere in the mix , a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah gets thrown in . As Yonica is marrying one of Turaquistan 's most important people ( a son of the president ) , a subplot is created where the mercenary must watch over this star , well , somewhat . The film starts off with a lonely Cusack in a bar ; no more than fifteen seconds later , the film hooks you . With it 's amusing and intriguing insight on terrorism and politics , the film 's running time blows by you . The film has a lot more action than I expected , with the occasional scene of war , well choreographed fights and just sporadic scenes of murder . Though the story is n't much deep , the simplicity of it all makes the film perfect for both the common man and movie critics alike.<br /><br />In the final act of the film , the simplicity of it all turns very hostile and jumbled . I thought it was executed very well , but other may disagree , and I could understand why . Twist after twist is what the ending is all about , and like most films , it is a true hit / miss situation . Regardless , the three writers on the film ( Mark Leyner , Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack ) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and entertaining satire on today 's situation overseas.<br /><br />Joshua Seftel does an excellent job insuring the film 's integrity ; not reducing the material to the most redundant of films ( which I was afraid would happen ) . Seftel crafted the film as perfectly as one could : he created a vibrant atmosphere , one that is both examines harsh reality and cartoonish falsities ; - contrasting them perfectly - as well as making the film feel as if you were watching it all . Seftel really gets you involved in all of the action and it pays off completely . No missteps here . Hopefully , he takes on more directorial jobs , for he is one director to look out for .
1 Let me start by saying that " War , Inc " is not everyone 's cup of tea . It is , however , very enjoyable ( and gets you thinking - " Oh , crap " ) . The comedy involved the film is n't obvious at all - it 's quite subtle ( Tamerlane tanks , dry - cleaning service etc ) , and it changes with the twists & turns in the plot.<br /><br />I may be the only one , but I wo n't compare this with " Grosse Point Blank " , because , it 's different . John Cusack - I would n't say he was " amazing " or " brilliant " - but he was good . On the other hand , his sister ( Joan Cusack ) was incredible in her delivery of lines & comedic timing - even though she was hardly in the film ( I 'd say the same about Ben Kingsley).<br /><br />Marisa Tomei plays a convincing reporter , and manages to pull it off . Hilary Duff is very commendable for her role as central Asian pop star Yonica Babyyeah . Duff 's development as an actress is very noticeable in the film , and she does a very good job ( even though her accent is a tad unreal).<br /><br />Overall , the film is what I would call " entertaining " . It does n't have a particular storyline , and it 's quite silly at times , but it does have a subtle message . I 'd say it 's worth a watch .
1 I do n't want to spend to long here rambling about the plot- you 've seen the trailer , and if you have n't its online . I do n't recommend seeing it though- it was poorly crafted and did n't pack any of the laughs or magic from the film . So those avoiding this film due to its lousy trailer should give this one a chance . It 's really funny . I was blown away by the cleverness and originality in this film . The first 40 minutes had me on the floor in hysterics- my only problem was that it unnecessarily evolved into a bad Austin Powers film in the final 20 . This however , is one of the few films where the campy ending did n't make me dislike the rest of the film ( which is normally the case ) . Everyone gives a great performance ( especially Joan Cusack ) and there are some really great moments throughout . I personally plan on seeing it again when it comes out- only to catch all the details which I was laughing over during the first viewing !
1 In this satire of the commercialization and ' lightheartedness ' of war , John Cusack plays Brand Hauser , an assassin sent to to ' Turaqistan ' to take out Omar Sharif , who is doing some oil business that will spell trouble for the former Vice President of the US 's own company . In addition to this , Hauser must juggle his fake position as a trade show producer , a wedding for pop princess Yonica ( Hillary Duff ) , and a nosy Liberal journalist , Natalie ( Marisa Tomei).<br /><br />Assessing the technical aspects : < br /><br />- The acting ( by the main characters , at least ) was good , as was to be expected . Some of John Cusack 's dialogue was quite obviously not written for him as he often seemed uncomfortable saying it . . . maybe unrealistic is more accurate . Joan put forth a great , and often hilarious , performance . Marisa Tomei , while I 've never been a big fan of hers , was more than suitable for the role and worked well . Hillary Duff , however , was pretty terrible . They needed an attractive Middle Eastern ( or Russian , or whatever that accent was supposed to be ) pop - star . Unfortunately , they went 0 for 3 with her.<br /><br />- Like I said above , the writing seemed a little stiff and mismatched at points , especially John Cusack 's dialogue . Not much of it , mind , but some . The story also got a bit ludicrous at points , which is fine for a satire to a point , but it took it to a whole new level here . Luckily , the Cusacks and Tomei keep a relatively cool , calm demeanor throughout , and that makes a nice even mix of the craziness of the film and the levelheadedness of the actors.<br /><br />- Joshua Seftel , who previously had a drought of real credits to his name , did a fine job with a rather wide - spectrum film . He handled the small ( $ 10 million ) budget very well , stretching it to make it appear to be much more . Seftel also managed to nicely blend the humour of the story . . . with the painful and hard - to - watch parts of the real war ( including slaughter of civilians , etc.).<br /><br />- As far as the general satire goes , its exaggerated look on the commercializing of war is very well done , especially the ' Golden Palace Poker ' ads on the U.S. tanks . At points , it becomes a little too much , but , in the end , it still accurate portrays what it 's going for an a young ' Mel Brooks'-type of style.<br /><br />Overall , the film is very well made for the meager budget and it 's definitely worthy of a look . It wo n't go down as one of the great satires of cinema , but it 's certainly not the worst.<br /><br />7/10 .
1 The plot of this film might not be extraordinary , but what makes the film really special , are its characters ( and the actors who play them – of course ! ) . I wo n't go into the details of the plot of the movie , but I would certainly like to say this – This film is not just for everyone ! The film is really witty and you need to be equally clever to get all the satire . If you 're not alert even for a second , you 'll probably end up missing one of the subtle points . The movie is full of such seemingly trivial but witty stuff - like the announcements going on in the background at Turaqistan , the advertisements on the tankers ( which I almost missed ) and it are these that make the movie hilarious throughout.<br /><br />Coming to the actors , John Cusack has played his multi - faceted role very efficiently ( what with him being the co - writer and the producer too ) and he plays his character – Hauser , the killer with a heart – exquisitely . Cusack 's done a similar kind of role before in Grosse Pointe Blank , but his comic disposition in the movie is simply superb.<br /><br />However the actress who steals all the show is Hilary Duff ! I have always been a huge fan of Ms. Duff . But to be honest I was a bit disappointed when I heard about the kind of role she 's playing in the movie . But after watching the movie the disappointment gave way to great respect for her as an actor . Let 's face it ! The kid 's growing , but yes , so is her talent ! All those critics , who shouted hoarse that Hilary can not act , will be silent for a while . Hilary had to play a really complex character – tough on the outside , yet a sweet child on the inside – and she 's done complete justice to it . She makes you laugh , and she makes you cry – to cut the long story short ( 'cause I could go on raving about her for ever ) she 's BRILLIANT ! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have done a good job too . Especially , Joan 's hysterics are uproarious ! However , I was rather disappointed with Ben Kingsley being wasted in such a small role and his performance seemed lackluster.<br /><br />In general War , Inc. keeps you on your toes throughout with its intelligent humor , and ends with just the right amount of twists in the plot . I would highly recommend this movie to all ( and more so to Hilary Duff fans ) ! ! ! P.S. - I am really glad to hear the movie is going to break free of its limited release and release at other places soon ! ! !
1 this film needs to be seen . the truest picture of what is going on in the world that I 've seen since Darwin 's Nightmare . Go see it ! and If you 're lucky enough to have it open in your city , be sure to see it on the big screen instead of DVD . The writing is sharp and the direction is good enough for the ideas to come through , though hardly perfect . Joan Cusack is amazing , and the rest of the cast is good too . It 's inspiring that John Cusack got this movie made , and , I believe , he had to use some of his own money to do it . It 's a wild , absurd ride , obviously made without the resources it needed , but still succeeds . Jon Stewart , Steven Colbert , SNL , even Bill Maher have n't shown the guts to say what this film says .
1 In War , Inc we find the logical extension of the current outsourcing of all war - related activities we are currently doing in Afghanistan and Iraq . If you are familiar with the antics of Halliburton , Kellogg , Brown & Root and Blackwater overseas you are already halfway home to fully appreciating the satire of Cusack 's latest piece . Cusack plays a corporate hit - man named Brand Hauser who finds himself in Turiquistan organizing a trade show in the newly liberated country as his cover while waiting to get access to his latest target . While there he finds himself intrigued by the anti - establishment reporter played by Marisa Tomei and pursued by the over - sexualized pop star played by Hilary Duff . We are introduced to Hauser 's past , which includes a tragedy that has haunted him ever since and the corporate assistant named Marsha Dillon who actually is running the entire operation for him ( and played hilariously by Joan Cusack ) . While some moments are played suitably over the top , they are n't always the moments you expect and the little touches often catch you by surprise . All the principals turn in solid performances . Duff 's accent comes and goes but otherwise she does a very nice job and goes a long way to dispel her Disney image . Tomei is funny but understated while the Cusack 's own nearly every scene they are in . To be fair , they are given good material . The writers turn in a good script with enough twists and turns and visual gags to keep you giggling throughout all the way to the predictable conclusion . In fact , the predictability of the end is the only thing that keeps me from rating it higher as the story twists and turns it 's way to the expected conclusion.<br /><br />If you like your comedy broad and physical , there is probably not enough here to keep you interested the entire movie . On the other hand , if you like sly comedy and broad satire , this is for you .
1 This film definitely gets a thumbs up from me . It 's witty jokes and even it 's occasional stereotypical and derogatory views on Eastern European people had me in stitches throughout most of the film . It 's plot is clever and 100 % original and will have you guessing throughout the entire film . The one person I was most impressed with in this film was Hilary Duff . It 's plain and simple to see that she has taken a leap of faith stepped outside of the ' chick - flick ' genre she 's used to . Her accent is excellent and her acting performance was surprisingly crisp and well - executed . It is the best performance I have ever seen from Hilary , and I have seen most of her films . Her character , Yonica Babyyeah is described as ' The Britney Spears of Eastern Europe ' and this is seen in some of her mannerisms and the song , ' I want to blow you ... ... ... up ' . You also feel sorry for her , as her performance really grasps you , Yonica is a very complex and confused character . Joan Cusack had me laughing throughout the whole film with her sometimes slapstick humour , but also her facial expressions and so on . John Cusack 's witty dialogue will probably make you chuckle throughout . I strongly recommend this film .
1 On this 4th of July weekend it 's heartening to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the film " War , Inc. " Just as our founding fathers gave the back of their collective hand to King George III , this film exposes in hilarious fashion the craven war - profiteering by the current crop of capitalistic creeps who are intent on indecently privatizing the government , to include privatizing war itself.<br /><br />The cast in this satire absolutely shines . John Cusack is wonderful as a droll , conflicted corporate assassin , and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is superb as his love interest . ( My gosh , " George Costanza " was right . Marisa Tomei is so attractive ! ) But it is John 's sister Joan Cusack who really steals the film . Her portrayal of a bossy , yet simultaneously sycophantic , personal assistant is priceless , and more than once I just could n't stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance . She not only possesses fantastic comic timing , her face is as expressive as one could ever wish for in an actor . Dan Ackroyd , too , has a short , but very effective , cameo in the film as the head of the company which is running the war , the Tamerlane Corporation . Sitting on a " throne " with his pants down around his ankles , Ackroyd even looks like the arse clown who currently occupies one of our real thrones of power . You wo n't have to think too hard to recognize that person . Much of this movie was filmed in Bulgaria , which is why we are able to see so much real military equipment . ( You just know that the US military would never have cooperated in making this satiric expose of war - profiteering . ) I especially enjoyed the character of " Omar Sharif " as played by the Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov . In one scene in which he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei he has a couple of lines that could summarize our entire foreign policy attitude toward the foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in power.<br /><br />Naturally , this film wo n't appeal to everyone . If you believe that the on - going privatization of our foreign policy , the military , intelligence collection and analysis , prisons and the corrections system , public health , and a myriad of other government services is a good thing you may not find much to like in this film . If you believe , however , that destroying people and countries in order to add to some corporation 's bottom line is an abomination I think you 'll find much to appreciate in this film . Nothing could be more in keeping with the Spirit of Independence that heaping well - deserved ridicule on corrupt powers that be .
1 Brand Hauser ( John Cusack ) is an assassin for the CIA . He is ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan , a nation that the United States has " liberated " , and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff . This is because the American conglomerate , Tamerlane , that is putting the country " back together " will not stand for Shariff , an oil man from a neighboring state , laying down his own pipeline through war - torn Turquistan . But , once there , Brand runs into difficulties . One , he meets a determined journalist , Natalie ( Marisa Tomei ) who wants to tell the American public the " true " story of the region 's conflict ... and of Tamerlane . But , Brand is aghast to realize that Natalie 's pretty face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously compels him to lose focus on his mission . Also , his cover as a trade show host forces him to meet the country 's pop - singing princess , Yonica ( Hillary Duff ) , who will be getting married at the convention center . She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also turn Brand 's attention away from the coming assassination . With other inept underlings and complications , will Brand be able to carry out his mission , for the satisfaction of Tamerlane 's BIG boss , the former vice - president ( Dan Ackroyd ) ? Good for you , John Cusack , to make this film , even though it does n't quite hold together . Shot in Serbia , it is a worthy look at what present - day Iraq must be like , a country turned upside - down . In a stroke a brilliance , the green zone here is called " The Emerald City " and aptly so , for this Oz - like neighborhood attempts to keep out the ravages of war going on elsewhere in the metropolis . The cast is very fine , with Cusack doing a nice job and Tomei , Joan Cusack , Ben Kingsley , Ackroyd and others backing him up in style . Duff , especially , does a great turn as the heavily - accented , heavily made - up , potty - mouthed singer . The recreation of war - riddled Baghdad is so real that it hurts while the costumes and other production values are top - notch . As for the script , it is n't always cohesive but it certainly has some tremendous dialogue and scenes . For example , a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hideout , in exchange for money and candy . Brand produces the cash but , because he has no candy , the boy burns his vehicle anyway . Brilliant ! Then , also , the direction is not a total success but does n't lag very often . No , if you have conservative leanings , you probably wo n't like this film one bit . But , if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the " war on terrorism " , this is quite a good show . Therefore , do make an effort to view it , as you will be supporting those filmmakers who choose to make movies far away from those old studio " formulas " .
1 first , someone mentioned here that because this was released in " limited " quantity it means that it SHOULD be bad ... that is exactly what the " big five " Hollywood studios would like everyone to think so they can " pass " or " ignore " features that are not desirable , without loosing face or imagine by censoring them directly . to the point , this production has been released " limited " because is considered " unpatriotic " by certain individuals.<br /><br />now i absolutely loved this feature ; i find it way better then " Charlie Wilson 's War " even if it is a " fictional " account of something that " never " happens but is always so OBVIOUS.this goes to anyone and everyone interested or affected by present American foreign policies , " home " or " aboard " . the " turakistan " country and " the emerald city " are definitely trying to resemble Iraq and Baghdad just as much as the corporation " Tamerlane " goes for " haliburton " ( with the vice- president Dan Aykroyd playing Dick Cheney , LOL).there are quiet a moments actually where the movie is DEAD SERIOUS , not even sarcastic anymore ( main example would be as how John Cusack character deals with his depression , but not only ) . < br /><br />i found that ALL the characters can be related to something / someone or specific stereotypes . now word of advise ; if YOU are not politically active , especially towards the aspects of " globalization " , you will likely not enjoy this feature much since most of its content and inside " jokes " are targeting certain " personalities " that are not " visibile " to the general public on daily bases ... (main exception would be Hilary Duff that plays the well known materialistic pop star , need i say name(S ) ? ) . at its CORE the feature is an anti - globalization gig , period . the message is unmistakeably delivered with comic vengeance . Joan has a line at one point that goes like this : " and here we have a book written by you know who , about how i conquered the world and resolved the issues with my dad".PRICELESS)))<br /><br />the sister and brother Cusacks play good together as always , same as in " Grosse PointeBlank " i would say a bit more " mature".Marisa Tomeihere does not show her butt and breasts to " impress " us ( like she did recently in " Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead " ) , but instead she has a very serious role , and manages to pull it off quiet well.<br /><br />many critics do n't get it ( can not do so , or do not want to ) . this IS NOT a " regular " movie but more of a comic documentary . this feature stands to deliver a message and NOT to get Oscars , or have " visuals " sort of getting the viewer into buying the latest " HDTV experience " TV sets ... i have noticed even in my local papers that this movie gets bad re - views because is not " artistic " , while PRO Iraq war movies get good thumbs up for being " balanced " apparently and " engaging".makes one wonders how much all the world mainstream media is concentrated in the hands of a bunch of guys ... <br /><br />i bet this feature will prove a hit overseas as much more then it will in north America . as i mentioned before , it is all a satire about American foreign policy and how it has been hijacked by " special interests " groups ... having the " regular " American soldier wearing the " Tamerlane " corporate logo on its combat dress is pretty insulting BUT EFFECTIVE in showing reality as it IS , or will be soon the way things go so far.<br /><br />some PRICELESS shots : upon " liberation " , the country gets invaded commercial advertisements ; a hilarious scene about how future journalists will likely gather " news"("anything is got to be better then this x - box bullocks " ) ) ) ; soldiers dealing with their " frustration " ; < br /><br />overall , i do not recommend this to " conservatives " or " hard core " patriots of some kind or another.this feature is not made to reach to the " minds of souls " of the people(as mainstream propaganda and commercial interests always try to do so).instead it contains a message well defined for realists , and towards some ideological goals apparently " always " short of realizing .
1 WAR , INC . ( 2008 ) * * 1/2 John Cusack , Marisa Tomei , Hilary Duff , Joan Cusack , Ben Kingsley , Dan Aykroyd , Sergej Trifunovic , Lyubomir Neikov , Ned Bellamy , ( Voice of : Montel Williams)<br /><br />A hit - and - miss-21st Century " STRANGELOVE" < br /><br />John Cusack – who co - wrote the script with Mark Leyner and Jeremy Pikser – stars as a jaded hit - man named Brand Hauser who is burnt out but decides to follow thru on one final assignment by icing a Middle - Eastern oil minister named Omar Sharif ( yes , not THAT Omar Sharif but you get the tone here from this misfire for a laugh ) commandeered by the ex - Vice President of The USA ( Aykroyd , Cusack 's old " Grosse Pointe Blank " co - hort , doing a mean Dick Cheney manqué turn here ) , enlisting Brand to do the deed under the guise of a Trade Show Producer in mythical Turaqistan ( read : Iraq / Afghanistan ) for the American private corporation Tamerlane ( read : Halliburton ) . < br /><br />While being briefed Brand is faced with a moment of clarity when he comes across intrepid journalist Natalie Hegalhuzen ( Tomei ) and eventually falls in love with her . < br /><br />Meanwhile Tamerlane is sponsoring the unlikely union of Eastern European teen sensation Yonica Babyyeah ( a surprisingly decent Duff aping her own celebrity with tongue- through - cheek ) and the idiot son of the country 's leader.<br /><br />What follows is a bold attempt for a 21st Century black comedy a la " DR . STRANGELOVE " but for all intense and purposes there are sadly more misses than hits in this broad try for laughs amidst political message ( an unjust war being outsourced by American capitalism , check ! ) < br /><br />While Cusack riffs on his Martin Blank from the aforementioned " Pointe " he does add some nice touches of his man in black ( he does shots of Tabasco sauce to take the edge off ) , the rest of the cast plays catch up ( except sister Joan who is a riot as the high - strung aide- de - camp for Hauser and has one of the film 's funniest laugh - out lines : " My mass communications skills are finally paying off " ) for the most part . < br /><br />Cusack visited the Iraq War earlier this year in the 180 degree different " Grace Is Gone " and here he allows his political views wear on his sleeve ; while admirable overall the film 's pace and rhythms are off largely no - thanks to first time filmmaker Joshua Seftel making his directorial debut here ( and it is noticeable ) except for maybe the well - choreographed fight Hauser is involved with Babyyeah 's idiotic fiancé 's entourage.<br /><br />A nice attempt yet a misguided failure ; maybe next time Cusack wo n't try so hard and let the idiocy of war speak for itself instead of doing the heavy lifting by himself .
1 This movie was excellent for the following reasons : 1 ) It contained great backdrops and sets . 2 ) It showed the disparity of a war - torn environment alongside a technological one . 3 ) John Cusack 's acting was terrific . He portrayed angst very well . 4 ) It showed the vulnerabilities of everyone in a war - torn situation . 5 ) It gave us a picture of what might happen in the future in many respects . I was also impressed with the acting for the most part . Hilary 's acting was , I found , the most stilted . The morals and values of everyone in a war - torn situation are up for grabs . The liberal journalist and the conservative business man are capable of doing anything in any situation and are equally unpredictable . Great stuff . PSP
1 I managed to see this at the New York International Film Festival in November 2005 with my boyfriend . We were both quite impressed with the complexity of the plot and found it to be emotionally moving . It was very well directed with strong imagery . The visual effects were amazing - especially for a short . It had an original fantasy approach to a very real and serious topic : This film is about a young girl who is visited by a demon offering to help her situation with her abusive father . There is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard . This leans towards the Gothic feel . I would love to see this as a full feature film . -- Carrie
1 After reading several comments , I felt I had to add in my two cents as well . " Sorrow Lost " is one of the most memorable shorts I think I have ever seen . I had gotten the chance to see this at the New York Independent Film Festival . I felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional . The story was beautifully complex - especially for such a short amount of time . The story is focused on a young girl who is victimized by her abusive father . She is soon given the choice to " stop " him by a demon played by " Witchblade 's Eric Etebari . " Having watched the show , I was amazingly impressed with how he played such unique and different character . I never knew he could act so well ! His character was deeply complex and he was very persuasive . The acting was absolutely superb by him . The girl 's was okay and the father 's was decent . There is also death in this who follows the girl around until she is able to escape from her future . The effects and cinematography were absolutely mind blowing . I wonder if they had at least a hundred thousand budget for this . It is rare you get to see such a high quality short . The opening was absolutely breathtaking comparable with any major feature film . This is n't to say that it 's not without its flaws - I thought it took a little to get going and the intro was a little long . But this stuck in my head days after watching it . There are very few shorts with this level of quality .
1 What do I say about such an absolutely beautiful film ? I saw this at the Atlanta , Georgia Dragoncon considering that this is my main town . I am very much a sci - fi aficionado and enjoy action type films . I happened to be up all night and was about ready to call it a day when I noticed this film playing in the morning . This is not a sci - fi nor action film of any sort . Let me just start out by saying that I am not a fan of Witchblade nor of Eric Etebari , having watched a few episodes(his performance in that seemed stale and robotic ) . But he managed to really win me over in this performance . I mean really win me over . Having seen Cellular , I did not think there was much in the way of acting for this guy . But his performance as Kasadya was simply amazing . He was exceedingly convincing as the evil demon . But there was so much in depth detail to this character it absolutely amazed me . I later looked it up online and found that Eric won the Best Actor award which is well deserved considering its the best of his career and gained my respect . Now I keep reading about the fx of this and production of this project and let me just say that I did not pay attention to them ( sorry Brian ) . They were very nicely done but I was even more impressed with the story - which I think was even more his goal(Seeing films like Godzilla with huge effects just really turned me off ) . I could not sleep after this film thinking it over and over again in my head . The situation of an abusive family is never an easy one . I showed the trailer to my friend online and she almost cried because it affected her so having lived with abuse . This is one film that I think about constantly and would highly recommend .
1 I got to see this just this last Friday at the Los Angeles film festival at Laemlee 's on Beverly . This movie got the most applause of all the films that evening . Considering that two music videos opened first , I did n't know what to expect since they were very fast and attention grabbing , I was n't sure I was ready for a short immediately . But to my surprise I really enjoyed this . I thought the main actor demon guy was really good . I was so impressed with his performance that I checked out his name . I was surprised to see that this was the Witchblade guy . He 's gotten really good especially since then ! Either that or he was given lousy roles or had been pushed by the director really hard for this short . The girl did an okay job . I guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young . The dad did well also . There was a lot of really nice cg work for a short , both for this and the short playing next " Mexican Hat " which was also nice , but I enjoyed this the most because it had the most depth and emotion and I actually cared about the characters . The other was a very simple story . The story was quite illustrative and dark ! It dealt with real topics using a more fantasy like approach to keep ADD people like me interested . We wo n't even talk about the last film in the block which I left . My only complaint is that I only wish I had seen more of the demon character and a little less of getting started , which is why I gave it a 9 out of 10 . I also thought the end credits went a little slowly . Otherwise it was beautifully told , directed and edited . The timing was very nice with a complete change from the fast MTV editing done on everything nowadays . There will be more coming from this director in the future as well as the actor . I now will think of him as the Sorrows Lost actor not the Witchblade guy .
1 When you typically watch a short film your always afraid that the person creating the film tries to throw too much into it . That 's not the case with this one . A great story about a young girl who 's had enough and other worldly forces trying to help make things right.<br /><br />Eric Etebari does a wonderful job of representing the spirit of twisted justice and helps to convey the complexities of the blurred line of right and wrong.<br /><br />Both the young girl and the father give great performances in this wonderful short film , but Eric 's performance is definitely the show stealer in this story.<br /><br />I definitely recommend this film for it 's complexity , performance , and great over all story .
1 After several extremely well ratings to the point of SUPERB , I was extremely pleased with the film . The film was dark , moving , the anger , the pain , the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon.<br /><br />I had initially expected to see many special effects , and like a lover 's caress , it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it . Brian , I am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects . You will go a long way , my friend . I will definitely be the president of your fan club.<br /><br />Eric Etebari , the best actor award , was the number one choice . You made Jr. Lopez look like a child compared to Kasadya . :) < br /><br />Overall , the acting , story line , the high quality filming and awesome effects , it was fantastic . I just wish it were longer . I am looking forward to The Dreamless with extremely high expectations .
1 This was one of the first CREEPY movies I ever saw ... I was about 5 at the time . It scared me GOOD ! But that night I put chewing gum in one eye to be like the monster ... and my mom got very upset . She had to clean my eye with alcohol and the next day my eye smelled like DOUBLE MINT ! NOW THAT 'S A MOVIE ! Hey for it 's time it was a great movie . That Head sitting on the lab counter top was as real as it got back then . And IF your 5 it is VERY SCARY ! Kids now a days are spoiled by special effects that show too much and leave NOTHING for your minds imagination . Your mind can imagine things more scarier than special effects ! ( IMO )
1 This film is an absolute classic for camp . That is why it was an Elvira and MST3000 classic . Everyone knows the story . Scientist keeps his girlfriend 's head alive in a lasagna pan in his basement while he cruises town and tries to find her a body by checking out the local chicks . Finally he finds a real hourglass body with a scar - faced chick 's head on top . The severed head makes friends with the failed experiment in the closet and the conehead comes out of the closet and rips off the assistant 's remaining " good " arm ( his other is not right from a scientist 's earlier failure ) , and the whole place burns down.<br /><br />The movie scared us so much as kids that my friend would n't go into his basement for a year after seeing it . As kids we ranked the scariest movies of all time and this one was number four . Only one of those scary movies was really any good ( the Original " The Haunting".)<br /><br />I had to give this movie a seven rating for the tremendous amount of entertainment value it offers . Its eerie effect because of the crappy production and the weird sexual angle when the scientist looks for the bodies ( complete with porno sound track ) scares the hell out of innocent children , while the ridiculous aspects make it prime material for watching talking and laughing . I could watch this film tonight and enjoy it while I 'd rather go to the Dentist than watch " Chicago " again.<br /><br />Seven is the most I can give it , because its entertainment value is mere luck . The film , as cinema , is a disaster .
1 THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE was considered so distasteful in 1959 that several cuts and the passage of three years was required before it was released in 1962 . Today it is difficult to imagine how anyone could have taken the thing seriously even in 1959 ; the thing is both lurid and lewd , but it is also incredibly ludicrous in a profoundly bumptious sort of way.<br /><br />The story , of course , concerns a doctor who is an eager experimenter in transplanting limbs -- and when his girl friend is killed in a car crash he rushes her head to his secret lab . With the aid of a few telephone cords , a couple of clamps , and what looks very like a shallow baking pan , he brings her head back to life . But is she grateful ? Not hardly . In fact , she seems mightily ticked off about the whole thing , particularly when it transpires that the doctor plans to attach her head to another body.<br /><br />As it happens , the doctor is picky about this new body : he wants one built for speed , and he takes to cruising disconcerted women on city sidewalks , haunting strip joints , visiting body beautiful contests , and hunting down cheesecake models in search of endowments that will raise his eyebrow . But back at the lab , the head has developed a chemically - induced psychic link with another one of the doctor 's experiments , this one so hideous that it is kept locked out of sight in a handy laboratory closet . Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious lab assistance , wreck revenge upon the doctor , and save the woman whose body he hankers for ? Could be ! Leading man Jason Evers plays the roguish doctor as if he 's been given a massive dose of Spanish fly ; Virginia Leith , the unhappy head , screeches and cackles in spite of the fact that she has no lungs and maybe not even any vocal chords . Busty babes gyrate to incredibly tawdry music , actors make irrational character changes from line to line , the dialogue is even more nonsensical than the plot , and you 'll need a calculator to add up the continuity goofs . On the whole THE BRAIN THAT WOULDN'T DIE comes off as even more unintentionally funny than an Ed Wood movie.<br /><br />Director Joseph Green actually manages to keep the whole thing moving at pretty good clip , and looking at the film today it is easy to pick out scenes that influenced later directors , who no doubt saw the thing when they were young and impressionable and never quite got over it . The cuts made before the film went into release are forever lost , but the cuts made for television have been restored in the Alpha release , and while the film and sound quality are n't particularly great it 's just as well to recall that they probably were n't all that good to begin with.<br /><br />Now , this is one of those movies that you 'll either find incredibly dull or wildly hilarious , depending on your point of view , so it is very hard to give a recommendation . But I 'll say this : if your tastes run to the likes of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers , you need to snap this one up and now ! Four stars for its cheesy - bizarreness alone ! GFT , Amazon Reviewer
1 I had a heck of a good time viewing this picture , and was splendidly surprised at its more erudite features . First off , the film is undeniably cheaply - made with its cardboard sets , limited settings , and creative scientific props . The acting ranges from very poor(the two strippers ) , barely professional(Herb Evers as the leading man ) , gothic overstatement(Leslie Daniels as the assistant Kurt)to first - rate with Virginia Leith in the title role as the headless victim alive against her will for the benefit of science and her fiancee 's lustful passions . The scripting though is very good and the dialogue is fantastic for a movie of this ilk . Issues abound about what role science and medicine have in our lives and what their boundaries should be . This film is a thinking film in many ways . However , do n't be too fooled by its real intent . It is a sleazy story about a man obsessed with his aptitude in medical science who wishes to fuse together his dead girlfriend 's head with the perfect body , thereby creating the perfect woman for a man with the best of both body and soul . One other very bright aspect of the film is the sax music which resonates strongly every time the doctor scours town for female beauties .
1 This movie scared heck out of me when I was just a kid . It 's no " Citizen Kane " but it has its moments . The arm ripping scene is good . The plot is good even if characters are n't - could have something to do with the acting . Put some top name people in the roles and then see what you get . This was one of those shoot , edit ( what little there was ) and distribute in a couple of months type of movies . This is classic low budget sci - fi and deserves it just due . I rated it a 9 based other films of this genre and age .
1 When I was young I had seen very few movies . My parents in all their wisdom rented this one . I was very wary of what the movie was about , in fact I was n't even allowed to watch it . My brother and sister got to of course and this made me very angry . So what did I do ? Late at night I trashed the VCR ! Kicked the screen of the TV in and called the police and reported vandals . I was arrested of course , I was unable to get my foot out of the TV set before the police arrived . I was only given a stern talking to and sent home . My parents grounded me of course and made me work to repay the debt for the TV and VCR . This tore me apart , slave labour really sucks believe me , but I had to do it . Chores all around the house . What happened in the end ? We got a big screen TV , DVD player and a surround sound system for my work . How did I get the money ? Easy I made movies of my own and sold them to Disney ! Do you remember Finding Neno ? Well I wrote that movie and filmed my goldfish in their fish tanks ! They rewrote the plot of course and did it in CGI because they could n't afford to make it a real life action picture like I had done ! In the end I never saw the film The Head that did n't die and the rating I gave it is my life rating ! It 's doing pretty good !
1 I love buying those cheap , lousy DVD 's from Alpha Video . One day , I happened to buy this one . It 's the perfect silly science fiction film of the 50 's , all sexed up . Replete with unscientific EVERYTHING , scantily clad girls and plenty of melodrama , it 's an enjoyable film , to those who appreciate this kind of stuff . And if you can ' suspend your disbelief ' enough , you can actually get creeped out-- not just by the psychotic head or by the beating of the thing in the closet , but toward the end , with the character of ' the perfect body ' . It 's so . . . . what 's another word for mindf***ing ?
1 This was a very good movie and is absolutely unfair to judge it without taking into account the time when it was released . There are some movies which do not get older but this is clearly out of date . However , I saw this film when I was a boy and for more than twenty years both the images as the story were unforgettable for me and most of my friends , until we could appreciate it again on DVD . Actually , I do remember this movie as the topic of several chats and meetings where old boys were talking about things we have in common . Therefore there was a little feeling of disappoint and even sadness when we finally had the DVD . Firstly , there was a theory about how naives our generation was . Secondly , I think there is something more . I would asset that this movie has something which should be interesting for all the modern film makers , specifically those who focus on the decaying horror genre . This is the mutilation , the idea which gives coherence to the film ; the fact of a human being mutilated produces a deeper horror than death and torture . I remember how sick the sensation was , when the monster rip Kurt 's arm out . And at the end ; when the creature bites the doctor 's neck to take a piece of his veins . Another remarkable thing is the morbid atmosphere which prevails without decaying in intensity through all the scenes , no matter if the action is on a secret lab , a lonely street where the man in a car is looking for a female body , a striper dressing room , and so on . May be the reasons why it is not longer a good movie are just technical things . For example , in the scene of the accident and the man saving his fiancée 's head a more accurate work , made for another and modern second unit director could be interesting . Same thing with all action scenes , including the one of Kurt 's arm . Furthermore , something could be done with the monster 's make up . Some remakes have been good ; I think in this case an attempt would worth while . Nevertheless , the black and white tones should be conserved .
1 I first saw this movie on a local station on the Sunday afternoon horror show back around 1969 or 1970 . Uncut . I was just a little kid at the time , but I loved it and was n't really that scared by it . I thought it had such a cool and highly original storyline . Thinking back , I 'm still surprised that it was shown during the day on T.V. uncut in those years . I 've sought out this film ever since , seen it over and over again , and always loved it . One would think John Waters would have idolized this film . It 's got to be not only a scary film , but one of the sleaziest , trashiest films ever made at that time . And surprisingly , you do n't hear about this one as having the cult following that a movie such as " Blood Feast " or " The Hills Have Eyes " have acquired over the years . It has a cult following , but it should have really become a cult classic , in my opinion . As far as I know , this came out a little before Blood Feast came out , making this probably one of the first true " gore " films . In fact , this movie has elements of Hershell Gordon Lewis AND a little Russ Meyer thrown in for good measure.<br /><br />Anyway , I recommend this for anyone who likes trashy , sleazy , black and white horror films from the early ' 60 's ( I think the date at the end of it read 1960 ) .
1 of watching this as a child . Although I 'll probably find it god - awful now , it was kind - of spooky stuff as I was only seven or so . I also recall working on a Saturday - afternoon puzzle while watching it , so I was n't really paying much attention . However , the scene with the rolling boulders has been burnt into my mind ever since . I 've asked numerous people if they 've seen this flick but to no avail . 12 years ago , one person mentioned that , possibly , he had seen it , but he thought it merely a dream ; a fanciful piffle like wind . It 's no dream , my friend . No dreaming now . Again , I have n't seen it since then , but I ca n't wait to find a copy and stuff it into my VCR . Anything that can stay embedded in my mind 's eye for 23 years deserves a ' 10 ' .
1 My grandmother bought me this film when I was 5 ( I 've always love scary movies ) and even then I enjoyed it . The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining . I especially love the scenes where the RV is under attack in the desert . The rocks are actually convincing for such a low - budget flick . The acting is above average for these kinds of films and the music is eerie . This is definitely an uder - rated gem . I recommend it to anyone who likes these strange films from the late seventies , early eighties such as " Alice , Sweet Alice " , " Poor Pretty Eddie " , " Nightmare " , " Hospital Massacre " , and " Return of the Aliens , the Deadly Spawn " . Definitely a classic ! !
1 Ghosts That Still Walk is one of those films that grabs you and does n't let go until the end , especially when you see it as a child . Seeing the film as an adult , you have to admit it is n't really all that scary , but the story is very fascinating and contains allot of great mysterious scenes ( especially the ones with the creepy mummy)<br /><br />One of the best scenes in the movie is without a doubt the scene with grandpa and grandma in their new RV ; the scene with the rocks is very exciting and pretty scary . Also the scenes where the main character discovers his mother 's secret is pretty frightening.<br /><br />Okay , the acting in the film is n't all that great and the film sometimes seems to get a little bit boring , but overall Ghosts That Still Walk is fun . Too bad only a few people saw this film , this film really deserves better . I just wanna say : Mr. Flocker , you 've done a good job ! And for all you Hollywood producers out there ; If you want to remake a movie , remake this one !
1 This is a weird movie about an archaeologist studying the culture of the ancient Hohokam Indians . She takes a ( really fake looking ) mummy out of a burial cave and brings it home to study it . Well , pretty soon she starts acting weird and talking to this mummy . And shortly thereafter her son becomes possessed by the spirit of the mummy . Even stranger events take place as the spirit then tries to destroy the woman 's family . This is actually REALLY BORING , overall , and it will make you fall asleep the first couple of times you try to watch it . But if you keep at it , you may just make it to the end . < br /><br />Ahah ! What is the secret of the mummy ? Is the mummy 's spirit angry that it has been removed from the cave ? You may not be able to ascertain what the spirit 's motivation is , but if you like spooky shenanigans on a low - budget ( and 70 's hairstyles ! ) this will have a certain comforting appeal.<br /><br />The way I have described the story is much clearer than the jumbled , boring way the film lays the story out . Can a boring movie really be fascinating ? Well ... somehow this one achieves that . Maybe this is a good movie at heart but executed in a rather awkward way . I do n't know . What I do know is that I enjoyed it quite a bit , despite its dullness.<br /><br />Fans of " Spider Baby " will be interested to know that a couple of music cues from that film are used in this one ( including an instrumental version of the theme song).<br /><br />Featuring one frightening and fairly well - done sequence showing possessed boulders and rocks rolling around by themselves and eventually attacking some people in a camper . Other scenes in the movie are merely spooky or quirky ; but this one scene is actually pretty scary.<br /><br />See this ! It 's weird and it 's worth your time . You might even want one on your shelf .
1 When I rented this movie I thought I was going to see a horror - movie . However , there is little horror in this typical seventies mystery - drama directed by strange James T. Flocker . Nice - looking Matt Boston carries the picture with his fine performance and the typical strange atmosphere of Flocker 's movies is all - present .
1 No Strings Attached features Carlos Mencia doing stand - up that makes us both laugh and think . Not only does he poke fun at racial issues ( like many haters claim ) , but he also talks about the best way to get illegal immigrants out of the country ... what women mean when they say they want to be treated equally ... why Americans are crazier than Arab terrorists ... why nobody needs to pray for the pope - and what he hopes he 's doing in heaven ... a theory of how Easter ( aka Big Ups to Jesus Day ) traditions got started ... his viewing of the movie Passion of the Christ - and his sub - sequential argument with a woman about whether or not he 's affected by Jesus ... how society should treat the physically handicapped ... and even if you have the right to tell a joke or not.<br /><br />Also , he never stops reminding us that each of us has a voice . So we should use it to speak the truth , say what we think , and not be afraid if others are offended.<br /><br />Carlos is the bomb .
1 No Strings Attached is one of Carlos Mencia 's best performances to date . Mencia is known for poking and making fun of racial issues . However , he does more than that in this stand - up performance , which took place in San Francisco . In general , Mencia 's material does not only make you laugh but it also makes you think about what is really wrong with society today.<br /><br />In this hour long performance , Mencia talks about such things as illegal immigration , what women really mean when they ask for equality in the workplace , terrorism , his opinion of Mel Gibson 's Passion of the Christ and an argument that he got into with a woman regarding whether or not he is affected by Jesus , and how society should treat those that are physically or mentally handicapped . Mencia even discusses whether or one should have the right to speak out and tell a joke.<br /><br />Carlos Mencia is not afraid to offend , which at many times gets him trouble with his critics . For example , he does go somewhat far ( and he admits it ) with a joke regarding Pope John Paul II and what he is most likely doing in heaven right now . < br /><br />Mencia 's main message in all of his performances is that we all have have a voice and that we should use that voice to speak what we feel and not be afraid to offend . He reminds us that we have a right to free speech and that we must use this right as Americans.<br /><br />If you enjoy this performance , I definitely recommend watching Mind of Mencia , his show on Comedy Central .
1 Carlos Mencia was excellent this is hour special . He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal . I know people have said he 's stolen material in this special , but that is not true . Carlos brings comedy up front the way he wants it , not how anyone else wants it , that is why he is so good . People say he 's not funny because he says Dee dee dee too much , and they still have n't realized that s part of his act , and they do n't want it that way , but he brings it like that anyway , and succeeds in making people laugh . For all the haters out there , here is a message , Carlos is here to stay , you have no point in trying to bring him down .
1 Before I begin , let me tell you how GREAT this stand - up special sounds when you play Sonic Adventure I DX : Director 's Cut at the same time ( Red Mountain level in particular ) . So while watching this stand - up special , I suggest-- no , DEMAND you do it.<br /><br />Carlos Mencia takes his stand - up to the extreme in San Francisco , California . There , he makes fun of everybody with absolutely NO apologies.<br /><br />I am pretty much thanking God here that Carlos did n't do his thing in which he uses the same joke over and over and over and over and over again . He does a tremendous job making fun of everyone and at the same time be truthful about it ; I know a couple of times I said , after Carlos said a joke , " Damn , this guy makes a good point ! " And then the Game Over screen came over my TV because I forgot I was playing Sonic Adventure I DX : Director 's Cut . My bad :) So yeah , there 's nothing to complain about this stand - up special . If you have TiVo or something like that , please do yourself a favor and record this historic hour .
1 Writer / Director John Hughes covered all bases ( as usual ) with this bitter - sweet " Sunday Afternoon " family movie . " Curly Sue " is a sweet , precocious orphan , cared for from infancy by " Bill " . The pair live off their wits as they travel the great US of A. Fate matches them with a " very pretty " yuppie lawyer , and the rest is predictable.<br /><br />Kids will love this film , as they can relate to the heroine , played by 9 year old Alisan Poter ( who went on to be the " you go girl ! " of Pepsi commercials ) . The character is supposed to be about 6 or 7 , as she is urged to think about going to school . Some of her vocabulary suggests that she is every day of 9 or older.<br /><br />Similar to " Home Alone " , there is plenty of slap - stick and little fists punching big fat chins . Again , this is " formula " film making , aimed at a young audience . Entertaining and heartwarming . Do n't look for any surprises , but be prepared to shed a tear or two .
1 This movie made me very happy . It 's impossible not to love the smart and sweet orphan girl who changes the heart of a selfish lawyer only interested in pursuing success in her career . This is a very optimistic movie and I sincerely believe that we need more films like Curly Sue . It touched my heart .
1 Give this movie a break ! Its worth at least a " 7 " ! That little girl is a good actor and she 's cute , too . Jim Belushi is a comic genius . You ca n't help but feel good at the end ! I wish there were more wholesome shows like this , that you can enjoy with your kids !
1 With all that s going on in the world sometimes we need an escape . Curly Sue is just that . Not a complicated plot or deep meaning ; however it is not devoid of substance . There is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas . There are the charming little shows you can watch with your kids and have enough substance to enjoy with your date . Try it you may like it more than you think . The little girl is really smart and cute . The " Dad " and the girl go thru some slapstick routines . When a jealous boyfriend steps in , trouble brews for Curly and the life she s known may be torn asunder . Fred Thompson and Kelly Lynch play good roles as the upper crust and Alison Porter and James Belushi are a interesting fable like duo portraying street wise homeless drifters . Their worlds collide and comedy ensues .
1 Curly Sue is a 6 year old with an abundance of hair and a life as a drifter . She and her father , Bill ( Jim Belushi ) , try to survive on the streets by being small time con artists . In Chicago , Bill decides to jump in front of a car in a pricey parking garage while Curly will scream about lawsuits and traction to the intended victim . It happens to be a very upscale lawyer named Grey ( Kelly Lynch ) who is appropriately appalled at what she has done . Not only do the scammers make some cash , they get to spend the night at Grey 's plush apartment . Even then , Grey feels she owes them more so the three of them hang together for a spell . Grey only knows the lucrative law business and nothing about life . Who better to teach her than Bill and Curly , those savvy experts on life 's realities ? But , all good things must come to an end and there is no life for a legal expert and a couple of con men . Or is there ? This is a sweet and funny movie about the unexpected . Curly is certainly as entertaining as Shirley Temple but much edgier , of course . Belushi gives a rare touching performance as the down on his luck con and Lynch is luminous as the snooty but soft touch lawyer . John Hughes , as writer and director , shows us his magic touch once again , as the script is lively and unpredictable . Just watch Curly and Bill take Grey out for a night , with no money , and see the humorous results . Do you long for happy endings , long promised and finally delivered , with a few uncertain moments in between ? This is your made - to - order movie .
1 I remember having a pretty low regard for a venture like this when it was first released . James " Not Jim " Belushi , a hammy kid actress , and a cheesy title in a John Hughes formula . You could n't have paid me to see it 15 years ago . But , I got caught up watching it while wasting away a Sunday afternoon , and it hits me on a couple of levels . The fairy tale ( part Pretty Woman , part reverse Pretty Woman ) , the very vulnerable , Elizabeth_Perkins_in_Miracle_On_42nd_Street -like performance by Kelly Lynch , the escapism . Over all , it gently pulls some very nice strings . It 's pretty hard not to fall into the story , develop a crush on Kelly Lynch , identify with James Belushi , dislike the stiff bad guy boyfriend , and laugh at the Curley Sue lines . Has all the ups and downs , with a happy ending , and the kind of message you want to hear . Go ahead , waste your time on this movie , it 's worth it .
1 Good story . Good script . Good casting . Good acting . Good directing . Good art direction . Good photography . Good sound . Good editing . Good everything . Put it all together and you end up with good entertainment.<br /><br />The shame of it is that there are n't nearly enough films of this caliber being made these days . We may count ourselves lucky that writers / directors like John Hughes are occasionally able to make their creative voices heard.<br /><br />Whenever I notice that I 'm watching a film for the third or fourth time and still find it thoroughly satisfying I have to conclude that something about that film is right .
1 I have to agree with Cal-37 it 's a great movie , specially for the family , Kelly Linch is beautiful , the little girl is really talented and cute , of course Jim Belushi has earned his strips ! But want I really liked was the piano song , if you 're a musician or not watch this movie just for that , you 'll know which it is.<br /><br />"You're Nobody Till Somebody Loves You " Written by Russ Morgan , Larry Stock , and James Cavanaugh < br /><br />So have fun watching < br /><br />See ya,<br /><br />Nelson
1 Very heart warming and uplifting movie . Outstanding performance by Alisan Porter ( Curly Sue ) . I saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely . I just caught it again on the Mplex channel , and Curly Sue touched my heart again .
1 My daughter , her friends and I have watched this movie literally dozens of times . I bought it twice and some little girlfriends absconded with it . Subsequently , I rented it so very many times . It just never gets old ! ! ! Blockbuster does n't even have it in their listings anymore and I have tried to buy , find , rent it for over 5 years . Without a doubt , this was and is my most favourite movie of my daughter 's childhood ... it has it all ! We laughed , we cried , we discussed real life and how hard some children have it in the world . There was nothing pretend about this movie . We related to every second and every line Bill ! Thanks a million for restoring our faith in human nature . Sincerely , Shelleen and Kailin Vandermey . Craven , Saskatchewan . CANADA , eh ! ! ! : -)<br /><br />August ' 07 update:<br /><br />Who are we to judge if a rich woman falls in love with a poor man ; or a man who has love chooses to raise a child who is not his own . It may not be my or your life . It is not only believable , it happens every day . Thank God ! Keeps my faith in human nature alive ! ! ! celebrate ! ! ! !
1 I strongly disagree with " ctomvelu " regarding Jim Belushi 's talent . I happen to like Belushi very much . Admittedly , I was skeptical when he first appeared on the scene , because I was such a HUGE fan of his late brother John . But Jim has an on - screen charm that has gotten him very far -- and he has developed it well over the years.<br /><br />Curly Sue is one of his earlier films -- his weight is a giveaway ( ai n't that true for most of us ? ) -- and I like the film . Yes , it is touching and heartwarming , so if you 're into car chases , explosions and gratuitous sex , then you might want to pass on this one -- it is a warm film of three lost soles who find each other . Do n't get me wrong , I am all for the three aforementioned keys to a successful film , but I also like a nice , solid tale like this one.<br /><br />And although Belushi and Kelly Lynch deliver excellent performances , the real star of this film is Alisan Porter -- who is absolutely adorable.<br /><br />I do n't know what happened to her career , but whoever is responsible for dropping the ball ( agent ? parents ? herself ? ) should be shot . You could n't ask for a more perfect introduction to fame than this film , and yet nothing of note has been heard from her since.<br /><br />Another sad Hollywood story ...
1 Hi everyone my names Larissa I 'm 13 years old when i was about 4 years old i watch curly sue and it knocked my socks of i have been watching that movie for a long time in fact about 30 minutes ago i just got done watching it . Alisan porter is a really good actor and i Love that movie Its so funny when she is dealing the cards . Every time i watch that movie at the end of it i cry its so said i know I 'm only 13 years old but its such a touching story its really weird that s Alisan is 25 years old now . Every time i watch a movie someone is always young and the movie comes out like a year after they make it and when u watch it and find out how old the person in the movie really is u wounder how they can go from one age to the next . Like Harry Potter . That movie was also great but still Daniel was about 12 years old in the first movie and i was about 11 . SO how could he go from 12 to 16 in about 4 years and I 'm only 13 . I 'm not sure if he is 16 right now i think he is almost 18 but that s kind of weird when u look at one movie and on the next there about 4 years old then u when they were only 1 in the last . I'm not sure i have a big imagination and i like to revile it . I am kind of a computer person but i like to do a lot of kids things also . I am very smart like curly sue in the movie but one thing i do n't like in the movie is when that guy calls the foster home and makes curly sue get taken away i would kill that guy if he really had done it in real life . Well I 'm going to stop writing i know a write a lot sometimes but kids do have a lot in there head that need to get out and if they do n't kids will never get to learn.<br /><br />Larissa
1 How can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.4 ? ! Just the lovely young Alisan Porter should automatically start you at 6 when you decide your rating . James Belushi is good in this too , his first good serious role , I had n't liked him in anything but About Last Night until this . He was pretty good in Gang Related with Tupac also . Kelly Lynch , you got ta love her . Well , I do . I 'm only wondering what happened to Miss Porter?<br /><br />i gave Curly Sue a 7
1 I was lucky enough to get a DVD copy of this movie recently and have now seen it for the 2nd time . The 1st time was on late night TV in Australia more than 20 years ago but I could never forget this strange and bleak film .. <br /><br />Not many people like this film at all because it is so unconventional - the fact that there is hardly any spoken dialogue in this move - we just hear the thoughts of characters - is only one unconventional aspect of it.<br /><br />Searching for a copy of this film I found out that the producer was dead , the main actor was dead , it was not kept in any British TV or film archives , that it was never released on video or DVD , that television networks around the world trashed it after their copyright ran out in the 80 's . When it was first shown on TV in Australia there were no recordable devices for consumers.<br /><br />On the second viewing recently , I could see why it was unforgettable . At times it is very tense and unbearably claustrophobic very like a Harold Pinter stage play.<br /><br />Again , if anyone wants a DVD copy of this please email me and I 'm sure we can work something out Regards Adam ( whiteflokati@hotmail.com )
1 The reason why I say this is because I wrote the screenplay and knew very little about it being made until I was asked to see the film . I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me . Because Alan Dobie was a friend of mine , I got to hear about it . I had only written a first draft so I was understandably worried when I heard that it was on the floor . I asked Peter Collinson , through my agent , whether he might like me to do another draft . I also asked if I could I see my original script because I had lost it . I was told , too late . So I did the only thing I could do under the circumstances and took my name off . I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay . Then I was invited to see the finished film . I was so impressed that I very quickly asked to have my name put back on . It 's a beautifully made piece , from a hurriedly written first draft , I expected to be asked to do much more work on it ; perhaps if I had it would n't be so good . I would love to see my original script again if anybody knows where it is ? I would also love to see the film again , I only saw it once in a little viewing theatre in Soho .
1 I saw the long day 's dying when it first came out at the cinema , I thought the film gave a good soldiers point of view , it gave a realistic account , of men at war . The storyline moves at a nice pace , showing a group of men behind enemy lines , and trying to return back to their own lines with an enemy prisoner . The characters are well developed , and believable.<br /><br />David Hemmings is a good actor and plays the leading role with conviction , as does Alan Dobie ( as German Helmut ) I was surprised , that i have been unable to find this film on VHS or DVD , and I feel it has become the forgotten film , which is sad , as it is superior to many other war films I have seen .
1 This is not a movie you watch for entertainment , at least most people I know would not.<br /><br />It 's portraits the cruelty to both body and mind that happen in a war pretty well , the characters seem plausible , especially because you " read their minds " , something more often found in books and rarely in movies , however done very well in this piece . I would place it next to " All quiet on the western front " and " Die Brücke " in terms of leaving a lasting impression.<br /><br />I wish I could screen it at school , along with the other two movies - however finding a copy of it showed to be pretty hard - which is a shame .
1 < br /><br />Superb film with no actual spoken dialogue which enhances the level of suspense . The whole approach gives a completely different twist to a war film.<br /><br />Well worth watching again if only it could be found . I saw it perhaps 20 or so years ago . - Fantastic !
1 Not sure one can call this an anti - war film , it shows war at an elite level . These are elite troops that know what they are doing and take great pride in it . Even when they are pacifist , they still enjoy the skill level and defeating their foes , even if it does go against being a pacifist . The movies is slow and rather uneventful and in many ways is rather tame as war movies go - more so by todays standards , no body parts flying off as in modern movies . It is brutal in other ways though as you see killing at a personal level . This is more of a thinking man 's movie . Once you start to watch you do n't want to miss anything . The thoughts of the men in the movie and their interactions , is what the movie is about- not the combat itself or a big exciting storyline . This maybe called a war triller.<br /><br />If you are into the skill of war , if you are into reading or seeing programs about the SAS and so on , YOU WANT TO WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!<br /><br />Comparable movies are The Hill ( 1965 ) with Sean Connery , 49th Parallel ( 1941 ) with an all star cast , The Naked and the Dead ( 1958 ) with Cliff Robertson . All are unusual in their way and show war at a personal level . Enjoy !
1 I saw this film prior to joining the British Army . I went through my basic training , at first difficult and then as I progressed much easier . My time was spent during the height of the troubles in NI and the cold war . There was times when I questioned myself on what I had gotten myself into , not for long , as the training would always take over and you would always react instinctively . The voice over used to display what the soldiers are thinking is spot on , though I would have added breathing and heart rate as this seems to pound in your ear drums in given situations . Some years later I was in Canada for a family get together . An Aunty of mine who lives in the USA and is a lecturer at the Columbus Uni Ohio had done a paper on the effects of the British Army in NI . She spent some time out there researching . Although an ex pat she was very anti - British . She made a bee line for me and condemned me for being a British soldier . My only answer was see the film ' A long day 's dying ' . It 's the closest a civilian will get to realise why a soldier does what he does . The answer is right at the end .
1 I have seen this film only the one time about 25 years ago , and to this day I have always told people it is probably the best film I have ever seen . Considering there was no verbal dialogue and only thought dialogue i found the film to be enthralling and I even found myself holding my breath so as not to make any sound . I would highly recomend this film , I wish it was available on DVD .
1 I first read the book , when I was a young teenager , then saw the film late one night . About a year ago I checked it out on IMDb and discovered no copies available . I then hit the web and found a site that offers War Films , soooo glad that I did , ordered a copy and sat back and was able to confirm why I wanted to see it again.<br /><br />In my opinion to really enjoy the film I suggest you read get a copy of the book and then watch the film . The book is no longer in print but I did track a copy down via E - bay , the Author Alan White was a commando / paratrooper during the 2nd world war taking part in disparate clandestine operations and this was his first book . It is written by someone who knows and this fact I believe gives the book and film authenticity . I have not given the film a ten only because of the nature of the ending of the film , not as good as the book . There are a couple of plot lines that differ from the book also , which is strange as the book is not about the large scale nature of war but about the individual in war . The film illustrates this exceptionally well . I have the copy of the book to let my son read and then the film to let him watch , in that order.<br /><br />If you can track it down the book and the film then it is definitely worth it and I only wish that it was more readily available for more to read and see , one of my all best war films , ever !
1 It 's hard for me to assign the " fair " number of stars to this film , but I settled on 8 because of its high production values and what was , in 1968 , an innovative approach to the war film . Remember too that I have n't seen it since 1969 . But it did make a strong impression.<br /><br />The Long Day 's Dying must be one of the most vivid antiwar films ever made . It achieves this simply by portraying in extremely realistic terms the actions of a handful of soldiers in Northwestern Europe in 1944 - 45 . No film before this one showed war at the infantry squad level with so much brutal detail , and all in a coldly dispassionate way that lets the actions speak for themselves . There is no preaching , no sentimentality , no comic relief , no complicated scenarios.<br /><br />Unfortunately , there 's no subtlety either . Partly because of their situation - trying to stay alive - the characters come across as flat , familiar cliché 's . As " entertainment , " the film does n't make it , though it was clearly not intended to " entertain . " It was intended to slug you over the head with the misery and horror of World War II and modern war in general . This was twenty years before Platoon and thirty before Saving Private Ryan , both of which are far more " watchable " films . Here the flat and generally disagreeable characters , the lack of an actual plot , and the realistically unpleasant images ( including what may be the first on - screen vomit in theatrical history ) make the film hard to sit through , though it is only 95 minutes.<br /><br />So , 10 stars for production and realism , 4 stars for the feeling you 'll have when it 's over , a bonus star for having its heart in the right place . Average : 8.<br /><br />Like Carl Foreman 's underrated " The Victors , " an equally downbeat but more interesting and thought - provoking film , The Long Day 's Dying seems not to be on DVD . Why not ? Both films have been on cable a number of times .
1 When I saw the Exterminators of year 3000 at first time , I had no expectations for that movie . Although , it was n't so bad as I was thought . It 's kind of Italian version of Roadwarrior , with cast , that is almost famous in Italy , including Venantino Venantini . Behind the story is Elisa Briganti and Dardano Sacchetti , who are also responsible for story of Zombie flesh - eaters . You can also see other links to Italian horror movies : Luca Venantini plays the role of Tommy , and you can see that kid in Paura nella citta dei morti viventi ( City of the living dead AKA Gates of hell ) as John Robbins and in Cannibal apocalypse as the role of Mary 's brother . Quite entertaining movie , with some dull parts .
1 Robert Jannuci , Luca Venantini , Venantino Venantini , Alicia Moro ( two stars are from CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD ( I wonder what Luca is doing these days , probably a lawyer or something , like Bela Lugosi Jr. or David Hennessey there kid from dark shadows who wants to forget dark shadows existed ) . Anyway , in the Thorn EMI video there 's no music over the opening credits . . . but the music is great once it comes in . . . with the Italian movies the films are n't as good as the music . . . my favorite scene is with the boy with the robot arm following loner - Alien through the desert . Alien says why are you following me . Tommy answers because i feel like it . . . Alien replies which way are you headed Tommy says West then Alien says well , I 'm going east . So after a while of walking , the theme playing in the background Alien looks up and sees Tommy sitting on a rock petting a pet hamster . . . tommy looks up and says to Alien , what took you so long . . . I love this movie . . . It touches my heart . The boy with the robot arm needs a daddy and Alien is drafted in to being Tommy 's daddy in the desert . . . oh yeah , they need water too . . . not THE ROAD WARRIOR ( MAD MAX 2 ) by any means but a silly western / post nuke movie with a boy with a robot arm and Alien and Trash and a few other good guys with a mean chick with an iron claw and CRAZY BULL who looks like Wez in the Road warrior . . .on Sunday afternoons on channel 57 ( philadelphia , PA ) after church i 'd come home and find this on . . . often . . . too often . Love it . 10/10
1 This movie is completely ridiculous . Not only is the plot atrocious , but the acting is horrendous . The special effects are asinine and the entire movie is set in a post - apocalyptic desert . Yet , it is by far the most amusing movie ever given permission to be produced . It is 101 minutes of laughs due to the fact that we all know there will be no fuel in the year 3000 , or any El Camino 's . There are also other aspects which I will not spoil , just because they are what makes the movies so wonderfully moronic . I highly recommend this movie , just because of its utter idiocy . I have no idea who would watch this expecting it to be a high quality feature , but if a good laugh is what you need , watch Exterminators of the Year 3000 !
1 This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge . I found the first 10 minutes a bit slow , but after that , the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional bridge players and how they go about earning a living . < br /><br />Some of the scenes are very funny . I do n't think that a non - bridge player would get the charm of this movie . < br /><br />Some of the dresses are really beautiful , pity the movie is in black and white - I can only imagine what they would look like in color . The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious . There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that . < br /><br />Watch it as soon as you can , and tell your friends about it .
1 This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge . I found the first 10 minutes a bit slow , but after that , the movie is absolutely perfect in describing professional bridge players and how they go about earning a living . < br /><br />Some of the scenes are very funny . I do n't think that a non - bridge player would get the charm of this movie . < br /><br />Some of the dresses are really beautiful , pity the movie is in black and white - I can only imagine what they would look like in colour . The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious . There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that . < br /><br />Watch it as soon as you can , and tell your friends about it .
1 A brilliant Russian émigré devises the ‘Stanislavsky ' system for winning at contract bridge - which makes him and his beautiful wife the GRAND SLAM Sweethearts of America.<br /><br />What could have been just another silly soap opera is elevated by fine production values & excellent acting to the status of a very enjoyable little comedy . A few unexpected touches are thrown in to keep the viewer 's attention engaged - the way in which the principle cast is introduced as faces on a deck of cards ; the introduction of a zany acrobat into the plot for no other reason than to enjoy a bit of lunacy ; and the way in which a wide variety of different kinds of Americans are shown to be transfixed by listening to the broadcast of the concluding game.<br /><br />Paul Lukas & Loretta Young do very well as the Bridge Sweethearts - Lukas suave & sophisticated and Miss Young passionately loving and beautiful ( even if the script keeps her puffing on a cigarette a bit too much ) . They are fun to watch , even when their behavior is not always the most believable or compelling.<br /><br />Frank McHugh gives another good performance as a relentlessly cheerful ghost writer who adores Miss Young . The delightful Glenda Farrell eschews her customary wisecracking persona in a small role as McHugh 's ditsy gal pal . Roscoe Karns handles the fast - talking dialogue as a brash radio announcer . Diminutive Ferdinand Gottschalk is wonderful as a snobbish bridge expert.<br /><br />Movie mavens will recognize Dewey Robinson as a belligerent nightclub patron ; Emma Dunn as a sob sister reporter ; Paul Porcasi as the owner of the Russian nightclub ; Charles Lane as a Russian waiter ; and Jimmy Conlin as a kibitzer at the final bridge game - all uncredited.<br /><br />The film takes advantage of the fad for contract bridge which had swept across the country since its development in the 1920 's . It expects the viewer to have a basic knowledge of the intricacies of the game and makes no attempt to explain anything to the uninformed .
1 1933 seemed to be a great year for satires ( " Duck Soup " for instance ) and this one fits in well even though it is about the obsession with contract bridge . The tone is like a humorous piece from The New Yorker , appropriate , since the film begins with the " Goings On About Town " page of that magazine . The only thing odd is the casting . Made a few years later William Powell and Myrna Loy would have been perfect . However , after 1934 , you would n't have had adultery handled in such a sophisticated fashion , the young and beautiful Loretta Young in some shear and slinky outfits , or a group of prostitutes listening to a bridge contest on radio . Even if you know nothing about bridge , you may still want to check out a rare example of Hollywood satire .
1 Paul Lukas played a Russian intellectual making his living as a waiter in < br /><br />"Grand Slam , " directed by William Dieterle ( 1933 ) . It is a surprisingly funny satire of the building up of celebrity . The waiter and the Russian restaurant 's hat - check girl played by Loretta Young become America 's sweethearts as bridge partners who do no squabble . With the aid of publicist and ghost - writer ' Speed ' McCann ( the wonderfully deadpan Frank McHugh ) they become walking advertisements < br /><br />for the " Stanislavsky system , " a " system " of bidding whatever one feels like < br /><br />(since bids are not rational , there is no basis for recriminations about their stupidity).<br /><br />A duel with displaced bridge guru Cedric Van Dorn ( sounds close to Goren , no ? and I suspect the choice of the character 's name " Stanislavsky " was also a slam at another kind of system ) , a puffed - up charlatan played very well by Ferdinand Gottschalk , is broadcast on radio stations across America like a prize - fight by Roscoe Karns ( another great fast - talking deadpan comic actor of the 1930s).<br /><br />The bridge players are even in a roped - off square , though the audience is < br /><br />above them , unlike in boxing " rings." < br /><br />The wide variety of American types prefigures the comedies of Preston Sturges , though for manufacturing celebrity , " Grand Slam " most calls to mind two better movies from the same ( pre - Code ) era with Lee Tracy playing fast - talking < br /><br />publicists : " The Half - Naked Truth " and " Bombshell , " but " Grand Slam " has its < br /><br />moments , especially for anyone who has played bridge with serious point < br /><br />counters.<br /><br />Loretta Young was already a clothes horse . ( To me , her face seems a bit long < br /><br />and horsey , too . Another era 's notion of beauty , I guess ... ) The movie < br /><br />unfortunately all but drops Glenda Farrell , who plays McHugh 's forgetful < br /><br />girlfriend .
1 When I found this film in my local videostore I expected it to be another cheesy American vampire film in the same vein of " The Lost Boys"(1987).To my surprise " To Die for " is a really good movie . It 's a little bit corny at times , but still there are enough stylish set - pieces and surprises to satisfy vampire enthusiasts . This is a perfect mix of romance and horror and it 's surprisingly gory at times . Highly recommended .
1 What a gem of a movie , so good that they made a sequel.<br /><br />The film starts off really good with a nasty monster who eats a few people and a party where the 2 main characters first set eyes on each other.<br /><br />Bendan Hughes plays the eccentric Vlad , a bit of an inkling there to who this character is , who has moved into town and uses the services of a particular real estate agent to find him a house.<br /><br />Hell , we 've all seen vampire movies , we know the format.<br /><br />The movie is watchable , but the actors ' performances are very wooden and they seem as they do n't want to be in this film , but may be that 's just all part of the decadent ambiance.<br /><br />Didn't like the ending , but there is a sequel , must track it down.<br /><br />When I watched the film I thought Brendan Hughes did n't really fit the part . Later on , I could n't stop thinking about him , he sort of exudes an eerie sensuality , so maybe he was right for the part.<br /><br />BRENDAN HUGHES Last seen in ' Hitler - the rise of evil ' as Lt . Guffman.<br /><br />Where is he now ?
1 Small SPOILERS alert ! ! ! < br /><br />Good movie ... VERY good movie . And I 'm surprised to say that myself , because I 'm not a big fan of vampires and the sound of the director 's name Deran Serafian usually means bad news . Most of his films are below average action movies like Death Warrant and Gunmen . This was one of his first films and maybe he should have continued making horror movies instead of action . This movie really fascinated me . Good accomplishment , seeing no famous actors or big budget was involved . It really is the story that keeps you focused . Especially fans of the original Dracula myth will be satisfied . Sarafian lights up another aspect of the famous Bram Stoker story and remains rather loyal and true to the truth . It explains the life of the Roemenian Count Dracula and how he scared the Turkish army away by spearing dead corpses in front of his castle . Of course , that 's where the reality and the " based on a true story " stops . The blood drinking and stuff all was invented by Bram Stoker.<br /><br />In this movie , the count ( Vlad Teppish ) emigrates to the USA and seduces tons of woman . And they 're all pretty girls , I 'll give him that . Overall , good acting by unknown faces , enough blood and gore to satisfy the more morbid horror fans and an interesting storyline . This film is really unknown and it was hidden on the darkest shelf at my local videostore . But it certainly is worth cleaning up the dust on the cover and put it in the VCR . Heck , it 's a lot better than the famous Nicole Kidman movie with the same title . These two films have nothing else in common , but I blame that movie for stealing the attention away from this nice little picture . Check it out ... my humble opinion on To Die For = 8.5/10
1 To Die For has it all . This film has a great cast . Lots and lots of romance and terror . Not too gory but still enough to appeal to horror fans . There are a lot more vampire love stories . If you are a fan of vampire love stories I strongly recommend this film-10/10 .
1 This film is available from David Shepard and Kino on the Before Hollywood There Was Fort Lee , NJ , although that is a shortened version with just the " behind - the - scenes movie sections . I 'm not sure if Blackhawk Films only had a film print of these parts , or they edited out the other scenes . The original Blackhawk version was retitled A Movie Romance . The complete feature does survive , but the preprint for this version had some nitrate decomposition , and a couple of sections looked bad , so that may be why Blackhawk 's version was edited.<br /><br />Directed by Maurice Tourneur , the film has Tourneur playing himself , or more likely a caricature of himself . Supposedly , director Emile Chautard and future director Joseph von Sternberg also can be spotted.<br /><br />Country lass Mary ( Doris Kenyon ) longs for a romantic man to sweep her off her feet . She dreams of a troubadour that will woo her , but is constantly interrupted by the only available local boy , Johnny Applebloom.<br /><br />Meanwhile , a film company from New York ( actually New Jersey ) is filming a western in the countryside . Mary sees an Indian ( in full headdress ) and raises an alarm -- spoiling a scene that the movie company is filming . She is immediately attracted to the dashing film star Kenneth Driscoll ( Robert Warwick ) . He encourages her to leave her home and try to become an actress in the big city.<br /><br />When she arrives at the studio , she discovers that everything about the movies is fake . The doors and walls are just flats that are hastily assembled for the set . That lanky walk of the western hero or the happy skip of the heroine are just acting too . The sets are on a big revolving stage , so the angle of the sun can even be manipulated . The black attendant at the studio signs all the movie stars ' " autographed " photos . The signs on the wall say " Positively No Smoking " , but everybody smokes anyway . Even the titles of the film ( which are illustrated nicely ) emphasize everything fake about the movie - making life.<br /><br />Movie star Driscoll is just as disenchanted with the ho - hum of everyday film - making . He makes a temporary split from girlfriend Vivian ( June Elvidge ) to pursue this " exciting " country girl . His plans are dashed when Mary 's screen - test is a stinker . We do n't get to see the actual film , but only the audience 's pained reactions to it.<br /><br />Mary is devastated , but she does n't want to admit to everyone back home that she was a failure , so she continues to see Driscoll and we she has lunch with him in the studio cafeteria along with other extras dressed as policemen , soldiers , cowboys , etc.<br /><br />Mary decides to stay with Driscoll . At a party with their movie " friends " , she agrees to marry him although there is not much love between them . Surprisingly , her mother appears , with a cake especially for Mary 's birthday . This causes Mary to re - evaluate her future.<br /><br />This film has all kinds of fascinating scenes of studios , movie sets , dressing rooms , editing rooms , etc . If you 've always wondered what went on behind the scenes when a silent film was being made , this movie peeks behind the curtain .
1 " A Girl 's Folly " is a sort of half - comedy , half - mockumentary look at the motion picture business of the mid-1910 's . We get a glimpse of life at an early movie studio , where we experience assembly of a set , running through a scene , handling of adoring movie fanatics , even lunch at the commissary . We are also privy to little known cinematic facts - for example , did you know that " Frequently , ' movie ' actors do not know the plot of the picture in which they are working"?<br /><br />The plot of this film in essence is movie star Kenneth Driscoll 's discovery and romancing of a budding young starlet whom he discovers while shooting on location in the country . I believe the 30-minute version I watched was abridged , included on the same tape with Cecil B. De Mille 's " The Cheat . " It is a very credible film - an easy watch with a large cast of extras . As a bonus it includes some of best - illustrated captions I have ever seen accompanying a silent movie .
1 Having previously seen the abridged print presented by David Shepard , I finally got a hold of a complete -- or nearer complete version , which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version more widely distributed . The Shepard print for Image Entertainment is certainly of superior quality , and the best parts are there , but it 's nonetheless good to see the rest of the film and fill in some loose story ends.<br /><br />In the Shepard print , the film ends with Mary stating , " You see , I 've changed my mind -- I'm never going home . " Yet , in the complete version , Mary and Kenneth Driscoll end their relationship soon after that scene – Mary returns home to the country – and Driscoll rekindles his relationship with Vivian . This additional footage develops the character Vivian , who had little relevance in the Shepard version . Moreover , in the complete version , the film begins in the New Jersey countryside with Mary , where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover . She 's disappointed by the reality of the advances by farm " chore boy " Johnny Applebloom ( a character completely absent from the Shepard version ) , but after her affair with Driscoll , she returns to the country to presumably and eventually become a farmer 's wife.<br /><br />Regardless of the print , ' A Girl 's Folly ' is a good little film for 1917 , made by one of the top directors of the 1910s Maurice Tourneur . In it , Tourneur takes plenty of jabs at his own business , including by playing a caricature of himself -- the director of the film - within - the - film . The two leads also give quality performances by early screen - acting standards : Robert Warwick , an actor playing a skirt - chasing star , and Doris Kenyon , as an ingénue aspiring to play an ingénue on the screen.<br /><br />Self - referential films , which made film - making the focus of the films , were nothing new by now . Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years prior with ' Mabel 's Dramatic Career ' . Several aspects of this one stand out , though . Frances Marion 's intertitles are humorous , including illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with a hand directing them -- remarkable for 1917 . I especially liked the film 's final title cards where two observers remark on the film 's happy ending : " Gee but ai n't that romantick ! " And , the other replies , " Romance , nuthin ! – That 's movin ' pictures ! " Fellow female screenwriter Anita Loos made a similar self - referential conclusion to another film from 1917 ' Wild and Woolly ' . Both writers helped change the role of their professions in the business and art.<br /><br />Some of the photography by Tourneur and John van den Broek is good , especially concerning the film - making business . The use of mirrors in several scenes is a nice reinforcement of the film 's self - reflexivity . Furthermore , the editing is exceptional . The quick crosscutting during the studio scenes is especially salient ; it serves to punctuate the hectic pace filmmakers work at , especially back then .
1 I have n't read through all the comments , but at least one poster mentioned that the 30 minute version might possibly be abridged . I 'm curious about that myself because the later parts of the film just did n't make much sense to me even when I rewatched them . 30 minutes seems really short for a movie in 1917 also . " Poor Little Rich Girl " which was Tourneur 's next film is 65 minutes long and " Pride of the Clan " which was his previous feature was 84 minutes long . So I 'm relieved to see that I was n't crazy , there must be part of this film missing and that 's why the resolution did n't make much sense.<br /><br />It 's hard to review or comment on a movie that you 're only able to see half of ... but I would recommend this film anyway because of the really fascinating view that it provides us of the insides of an East Coast movie studio of the time . It 's the earliest film I 've personally seen that 's based on the movie industry itself . The main character is a movie star played by Robert Warwick , who was later a mainstay Hollywood character actor and appeared in almost all of Preston Sturges ' films . He plays a western actor perhaps vaguely modeled on William S. Hart , who Warwick does resemble somewhat . After the really fascinating sequences set in the studio we see them on a location shoot where he discovers a country girl ( Doris Kenyon ) and convinces her to come to New Jersey for a screen test which goes very poorly . After that point the movie seems to be missing major pieces in the form we have now.<br /><br />Again , I 'd recommend it to anyone who 's interested in film history for the documentary value , but in the form we have it does n't hold up much as a movie and is n't a particularly good example of Maurice Tourneur 's work .
1 After the usual chase scene , Jerry accidentally winds up inside a bottle of invisible ink , which was part of a chemistry set . He quickly discovers he 's invisible ... so the predictable results occur , meaning he uses his new hidden condition to torment Tom . Jerry often is just defending himself , but often he has sadistic streak in him that torments the cat whenever possible , even when unprovoked.<br /><br />Here , he makes Tom think his eyes are deceiving him when cheese from a mousetrap disappears before his eyes , or milk from a dish . Tom ca n't take anymore so he tries to sleep this nightmare off , but Jerry sets fire to his paw ! Man , I hope little kids did n't ideas watching these cartoons back in the ' 40s and ' 50s ! I always found Jerry , the little mouse , more evil than cute.<br /><br />Thankfully , in cartoons , generally , whatever damage a character suffers is gone within seconds and he 's back to normal . < br /><br />The best part of this cartoon is about two - thirds of the way through when Tom figures out what the story is with Jerry , and tries different methods to detect where the mouse is located ( such as putting flour on the floor to see his footprints ) .
1 The usual cat and mouse antics abound until Jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink . He gets the bright idea of torturing Tom without him knowing . The cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him ' see ' jerry even if it 's not fool - proof . Of course Jerry gets Butch aka Killer aka Spike the dog into the act ( even if it 's late in the short , and his contribution is minimal indeed ) Brilliant animated short which kind of reminded me of the one with the white mouse who scares Tom so badly . Most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be . This hilarious cartoon can be found on disc one of the Spotlight collection DVD of " Tom & Jerry " < br /><br />My Grade : B+
1 " The Invisible Mouse " is a delightful and different Tom & Jerry 's cartoon . It features the usual cat / mouse chases and battles , but in a different way this time . Jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of " surprises " for Tom , scare him , torment him and confuse him.<br /><br />As much as it is weird , it 's also very cool and funny to see what we ca n't see : Jerry invisible . It 's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who 's doing it ( we know who , right ? ) - it 's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts . It 's equally amusing to see Jerry eating some candies and fruits while he 's invisible . I really like that instrumental music which plays when he 's not visible.<br /><br />Some of the best jokes on this short are when Tom sees Jerry 's shadow and slams him and even when Tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and Jerry writes " Missed me " . I also like when Jerry drinks Tom 's chocolate milk , becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.<br /><br />Overall , this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon : humor , entertainment , fun and some nice artwork too .
1 The cat and mouse are involved in the usual chases when Jerry dives into a bottle of invisible ink and discovers that it makes him vanish . Instead of seizing the opportunity to go spy on a girl mouse changing room or something , he uses his new - found invisibility to torment Tom . And it 's pretty funny and quite inventive despite being a somewhat one - joke cartoon . And the action never leaves the interior of the house , which is usually the trait of below average T&J shorts . Still worth a 7/10.<br /><br />However , I 'm not sure how an invisible mouse can cast a shadow on the wall , it defies physics and the very nature of being invisible itself .
1 The undoubted highlight of this movie is Peter O'Toole 's performance . In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic . Does anybody do it better than O'Toole ? I do n't think so . What a great face that man has!<br /><br />The story is an odd one and quite disturbing and emotionally intense in parts ( especially toward the end ) but it is also oddly touching and does succeed on many levels . However , I felt the film basically revolved around Peter O'Toole 's luminous performance and I 'm sure I would n't have enjoyed it even half as much if he had n't been in it .
1 Peter O'Toole is a treat to watch in roles where the lines he speaks are good and offer a chance for him to swagger in drunken stupor . The lovely Susannah York provides a good foil for O'Toole 's dramatic presence.<br /><br />The film alludes to incest -- without a single explicit scene -- but it is able to entertain the viewer in its raucous social commentary . Though this is not major film by any reckoning , it will be remembered for its entertaining performances . < br /><br />Even York , signing the papers at the end , is a treat to watch , exuding tragedy silently . The possible weakness here is Thompson 's laid - back direction . But the film floats because of the actors and the script.<br /><br />I saw the film twice over a period of 20 years -- on both occasions with the name " Brotherly love " . " Country dance " is a rather farcical and inappropriate title for this movie , wherever it was released as such .
1 A somewhat typical bit of filmmaking from this era . Obviously , It was first conceived into this world for the stage , but nonetheless a very good film from beginning to end . Peter O'Toole and Susannah York get to do their stage performance act for the silver screen and both do it effectively . There is very little in the way of story and anyone not familiar with this type of off beat character study may be a little put off by it . All in all , though , A good film in which Peter O'Toole and Susannah York get to overact .
1 After all these years , of Peter O'Tool 's brilliant , costly giving of his Soul , film after film , at last , Hollywood tosses him an Oscar recently.<br /><br />Country Dance showed up one night late , and of course , blew me out of my complainant niche in my alleged " Life " . How does he do it?<br /><br />York again also is brilliant in this kind of play . Both psychological battleships loaded for bear .... <br /><br />Bravo to author , director , cast , and camera crew . No wonder the Nazi 's lost to these Irish , Scot , English blends .... brutal honesty hurts ... back in the 70 's , when I personally believed " honesty " was pure and absolutely vital to trust . I have modified my edgy extremes , and will settle for more human , warm flaws within myself and others.<br /><br />Forgiveness allows humanity to have a reverse gear , and allows us to fix our own bull headed egos and erotic mistakes ....
1 When DEATHTRAP was first released , the poster -- reproduced on the cover of this DVD -- offered a graphic akin to a Rubik 's Cube . It is an appropriate image : originally written for the stage by Ira Levin , who authored such memorable works as ROSEMARY 'S BABY and THE STEPFORD WIVES , the play was one of Broadway 's most famous twisters , and under Sidney Lumet 's direction it translates to the screen extremely well.<br /><br />DEATHTRAP is one of those films that it is very difficult to discuss , for to do so in any detail gives away the very plot for which it is famous . But the opening premise is extremely clever : Sidney Bruhl ( Michael Caine ) is the famous author of mystery plays , but these days he seems to have lost his touch . After a particularly brutal opening night , an old student named Clifford Anderson ( Christopher Reeve ) sends him a script for a play he has written . It is called " Deathtrap , " and Sidney recognizes it as a surefire hit . Just the sort of hit that would revive his career ... indeed , a hit to die for . And when Clifford visits to discuss the play , events suddenly begin to twist in the most unexpected manner possible.<br /><br />Like Anthony Shaffer 's equally twisty SLEUTH , DEATHTRAP is really a story more at home on the stage than the screen -- to reach full power it needs the immediacy that a live performance offers . Still , under the expert guidance of director Sidney Lumet , it makes a more - than - respectable showing on the screen . Much of this is due to the cast , which is remarkably fine . Michael Caine gives a truly brilliant performance , Dyan Cannon is funny and endearing as Sidney 's relentlessly anxious wife , and Christopher Reeve gives what might be the single finest performance in his regrettably short acting career . If you ca n't see it in a first - rate theatrical production , this will more than do until one comes along.<br /><br />Gary F. Taylor , aka GFT , Amazon Reviewer
1 The comparison to Sleuth , the earlier stage - play - turned - film , is obvious and upon my first viewing I too thought Sleuth was better , but Deathtrap has , at least for me , many more repeat viewings in it than Sleuth.<br /><br />I purchased Deathrap in the bargain bin at Wal - Mart , figuring that it had Caine and the underrated Reeve and was worth the 6 bucks . It was one of the finest DVD purchases I could 've picked up.<br /><br />It 's one of those best - kept - secrets that movie buffs always are always delighted to discover . And it 's totally worth repeat viewings.<br /><br />Though Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine turned in bravado performances in Sleuth , I was doubly impressed with Christopher Reeve as Clifford Anderson . Reeve , rightfully associated with his now legendary portrayal of Superman , stole the show in what should 've been an Oscar worthy performance . I 've always felt Reeve was a type - cast actor who did n't get much of a chance to shine outside of the Superman films and a few other flawed but entertaining films like Somewhere in Time , but this film shows that his potential was truly tapped and put to use , thank goodness.<br /><br />I absolutely relished Michael Caine 's performance . He was glib , deliciously manipulative and sadistic . And watching him work with Reeve and Dyan Cannon was an absolute pleasure . In fact , it was thanks to this movie that I got into a " Michael Caine phase " and started renting as much of his stuff as humanly possible . < br /><br />As for Deathtrap , there 's enough juicy dialogue in here to fill up its " memorable quotes " section . ( Unfortunately , much of the dialogue would inherently spoil the immensely entertaining plot).<br /><br />It 's really , really hard to talk about the movie without spoiling important plot points that are infinitely more fun to discover on your own . Needless to say , it 's a must - see . But for me , it was the greatest and most rewarding blind purchase of all time.<br /><br />Repeat viewings are a must . < br /><br />And it deserves to sit alongside Sleuth on your DVD shelf.<br /><br />I'll leave you with this beautifully written quote from the film : " I wonder if it would n't be ... well ... just a trifle starry - eyed of me to enter into such a risky and exciting collaboration ... where I could count on no sense of moral obligation ... whatsoever . "
1 Definitely one of the most witty and twisted who - dunnit I ever seen . Christopher Reeve and Micheal Caine were brilliant and kept me going through the whole affair . < br /><br />Very classy set pieces and the props really lend a sense of atmosphere to the proceedings . The minimalist feel works for the whole picture.<br /><br />My only complain is n't with the film itself but the lack of a decent widescreen edition of the movie on DVD . I own the fullscreen version ( which proves I love the film enough to endure fullscreen presentation ) but a awesome Deluxe or ' special ' edition would most surely get my cash .
1 Every time you think you have a handle on Deathtrap , another plot twist comes along . Best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one . Most noted for its on screen kiss between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve ( which was unfortunately cut from the televised version I saw ) , this movie has a great deal more to recommend it.<br /><br />Sidney Bruhl ( Michael Caine ) is a very unhappy man . Once a successful playwright , his last several plays on Broadway have flopped . And while his wife Myra ( Dyan Cannon ) is nothing but supportive , in both the monetary and emotional sense , this does little to make Sidney feel any better . To add insult to injury , young playwright , Clifford Anderson ( Christopher Reeve ) , has just sent Sidney a play to look at . It 's Anderson 's first , and Sidney can see that the young man is a gifted writer . He jokes to his wife that he should invite Anderson over , kill him , and submit the play as his own . She laughs with him at first , but when Sidney actually invites Anderson over for dinner , she worries that he may really be putting his scheme into action . And her fears just may be justified ... <br /><br />It 's a brilliant script . There are twists and turns all through the plot , and they come faster and more furious as you get closer to the end . It 's the kind of film that has you on the edge of your seat from the beginning , and keeps you there the entire time . An absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.<br /><br />The acting is excellent . Caine gives his usual excellent performance , and he does exhibit a knack for playing cultured , refined , and intellectual men . Reeve also gives an excellent rendering of a man who is n't nearly as wide eyed or innocent as he seems . Cannon 's franticness works well for Myra . And Irene Worth gives a nice performance as a nosy neighbor who is also a psychic.<br /><br />This is a film with an ending you 'd never expect , and repeated watchings help to pick up on things missed in earlier viewings . An unsung classic that is unfortunately only remembered for a scene which ruffled some sensibilities at the time - and that is a real shame .
1 Nothing 's more enjoyable for me than a who - dun - it or suspense tale that keeps you guessing throughout as to how the whole thing will end . And that 's precisely what happens in DEATHTRAP , based on a chilling play by Ira Levin ( " Rosemary 's Baby").<br /><br />And in it , MICHAEL CAINE and CHRISTOPHER REEVE get to do the kind of stunt that Caine and Laurence Olivier pulled off in SLEUTH -- with just about as much skill and as many puzzles as ever existed in that extraordinarily clever play.<br /><br />But because it 's meant to scare you , surprise you , and keep you guessing as to the outcome , it 's difficult to write a review about the plot . Let 's just say that what we know in the beginning is all you have to know about the film for the present . MICHAEL CAINE is an insanely jealous playwright whose latest play has failed miserably . When a young aspiring writer CHRISTOPHER REEVE sends him the manuscript of his play , Caine realizes that passing it off as his own would solve all his problems and get his reputation back.<br /><br />From that point on , it 's a matter of fun and games for the audience as Ira Levin 's story unwinds , managing to trump Agatha Christie for the number of twists.<br /><br />Caine and Reeve play off each other brilliantly , each bringing a certain dynamic tension to the tale as well as some humorous touches that come from a script that laces drama with humor.<br /><br />Summing up : Well worth seeing -- but not everyone is pleased with the ending .
1 Unlike Tinseltown 's version of HELLO , DOLLY ! , Jay Presson Allen 's screen adaptation of Ira Levin 's hit Broadway thriller could n't wait for it 's stage incarnation to shutter before putting it up on the silver screen , so producers wisely decided to make the most of it 's lengthy White Way run ! The film 's opening and closing scenes are shot inside New York 's intimate Music Box Theater where DEATHTRAP played for nearly five years . Even the film 's final fadeout on the theatre marquee is a version of the stageplay 's famous logo . ( Although marketeers decided to go with a more fun Rubik 's Cube icon for the movie.)<br /><br />Now on a low - priced DVD release , DEATHTRAP seems just as fresh and inventinve as ever . The cast is just right ( better than their stage counterparts ) and location scouts should be applauded for finding a suitably spooky house for our " one room , two act thriller " to take place in . Opened up in surprisingly simple and innovative ways , director Sidney Lumet wisely tags any " new " material onto the beginning and end of the film and leaves Levin 's wickedly twisty center alone.<br /><br />The film 's last scene is a major Hollywood departure from the boards , and slightly undermines one of Levin 's plot points from earlier in the film [ Helga ( about a dagger ) : " Will be used by another woman BECAUSE of play . " ] . Like Robert Altman 's THE PLAYER , however , our new finale helps the film fold in on itself once again and blurs the lines between stage , screen , and ( could it be ? ) real life !
1 Deathtrap runs like a play within a movie about who did what to whom , as it primarily takes place on one set . The premise is that an accomplished playwright , whose star is falling , receives a magnificent manuscript from a former student and so he plans to off his protege and appropriate his play , to the ( loud ) protests of his wife . Or so you think , for the first half of the movie . Past the halfway mark , Deathtrap begins to throw in twists and surprises that turn its premise on its head , then right around , and then in a mad spin , all the time keeping its title appropriate . It 's an excellent mystery movie soaked in wit . < br /><br />Michael Caine , as the senior playwright , plays himself in this movie - a slightly loony and very dramatic Brit . No surprises here - he does his usual good work . He gets the best line of Deathtrap , which he executes perfectly : " What is your definition of success , being gang - banged in a state penitentiary ? " < br /><br />Christopher Reeve , on the other hand , juggles comedy and drama in a surprisingly strong performance playing the ambitious ( and psychopathic ) young playwright . He also gets to show off his very toned body , which he must 've retained coming off the Superman movies . < br /><br />Caine and Reeve have collaborated in another movie that 's one of my favorite comedies - Noises Off . It similarly revolves around a play as well , although this time Caine is the director and Reeve is an actor . They are joined by comic veterans Carol Burnett , John Ritter , Marilu Henner ( Taxi ) and Mark Linn - Baker ( Perfect Strangers ) . Together , they demonstrate the calamities that befall the bed - hopping cast and crew of a play . On the surface , the movie looks to be mostly slapstick but upon watching you find that they are many subtle jokes that require more than one viewing to catch . Wish this underrated movie was available on DVD .
1 Stage adaptations often have a major fault . They often come out looking like a film camera was simply placed on the stage ( Such as " Night Mother " ) . Sidney Lumet 's direction keeps the film alive , which is especially difficult since the picture offered him no real challenge . Still , it 's nice to look at for what it is . The chemistry between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve is quite brilliant . The dynamics of their relationship are surprising . Caine is fantastic as always , and Reeve gets one of his few chances to really act.<br /><br />I confess that I 've never seen Ira Levin 's play , but I hear that Jay Presson Allen 's adaptation is faithful . The script is incredibly convoluted , and keeps you guessing . " Deathtrap " is an enormously entertaining film , and is recommended for nearly all fans of stage and screen.<br /><br />7.4 out of 10
1 No one better spoil this piece of work ! Awesome movie ! Written expertly by the likes of Ira Levin and depicted with the best performance of Christopher Reeve 's career and one of Caine 's very best , this is simply excellent . I wish I could catch a staged version somewhere ... maybe someday I will . I hope this grossly underrated , overlooked film has not become too difficult to locate because it a ' must ' for any Hitchcockian , Agatha - phile or lover of great film . One of very few movies I could n't instantly solve or predict and worth a second or even third viewing , " Deathtrap " gets a 9/10 and earns every iota of it . We need and deserve more movies like this !
1 FULL OF SPOILERS.<br /><br />This is a pretty fast and enjoyable crime thriller based on Ira Levin 's play about two gay playwrights ( Caine and Reeve ) that plot the murder of one 's rich wife ( Cannon ) to get the property and the insurance . The plot succeeds but Christopher Reeve as the younger and less established of the two writers decides to make a play out of the actual murder -- with only slight changes in the details . Reeve allows that Easthampton , Long Island , can become Southampton , Long Island , in the script , for instance . The rest of the play 's plot is a dead giveaway and to tell the truth Reeve does n't mind a little gossip or even an inquiry into Cannon 's apparently accidental death . It will boost the revenues and his own Warhol quotient.<br /><br />Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl , the megabucks - making playwright whose last four productions bombed and who would like nothing more than to quietly get back to working on a new play , perhaps with Reeve 's input , that would redeem his reputation . He can not permit Reeve 's scandalous play - a - clef to be produced . So -- what else ? -- he tries to murder him . In the end they wind up killing one another , the manuscript is appropriated by their neighbor , the psychic Helga Tensdoorp , and she makes a million bucks selling it to Broadway.<br /><br />It 's a lot of fun for a number of reasons . One is the production design . That multi - roomed , multi - storied house with the big windmill atop , situated on nine of what must be the most valuable acres on earth ( Easthampton ! ) would be a splendid set of digs anywhere . You would n't be able to afford a pup tent in Easthamptom . The house is not overly large or baroque in its decor . It 's just magnificently modest , although it 's a little tidy for my tastes , the kind of house that 's so clean you 're afraid to step on the thick carpet for fear of leaving the imprint of a foot.<br /><br />Next , the acting could hardly be improved upon . Caine , Cannon , and Fred Jones are superb . Dyan Cannon gives a pitch - perfect performance as the anxious wife whose slacks are so tight they look as if they 'd been sprayed on , which is okay given her assets . Even Reeve , whose talent was limited , seems to find a comfortable niche in his role of affable but psychopathic murderer . Irene Worth , as the psychic neighbor Helga , was in some way hard to define , a mistake . Granted she -- or someone like her -- was necessary to the plot , but , my God , what an offensive snoop her character is , going around and claiming , " I feel pain in zis woom ! " I suppose in order to make her a little more interesting , she 's got up in sweats and a goofy looking cap with bicycle reflectors on it . Still , she 's a nuisance from beginning to end.<br /><br />You have to love Ira Levin 's bitchy dialog . The distraught Caine begs Reeve to tell him why he wrote the tell - all play . " Because it 's THERE , Sidney ! " says Reeve , and Caine shouts , " That 's MOUNTAINS , not PLAYS ! Plays are n't there until some * * * hole WRITES them ! " Great too is Caine 's call to the police after his wife drops dead of fright , as planned . He works himself up into a torrent of sobs , barely able to speak , as he reports the incident and implores that an ambulance be sent immediately . When he hangs up , his face assumes its usual placid expression , he blows his nose into his handkerchief , and walks away , all business again.<br /><br />The climax , though suitably ironic , is confusing and noisy and full of artifice , lacking in the wicked charm that Levin and Lumet brought to the earlier scenes . The score is mostly made up of light - hearted riffs on the harpsichord , neatly fitting into the film.<br /><br />You'll probably enjoy it .
1 Ira Levin 's Deathtrap is one of those mystery films in the tradition of Sleuth that would be very easy to spoil given any real examination of the plot of the film . Therefore I will be brief in saying it concerns a play , one man who is a famous mystery playwright , another man who is a promising writer , the playwright 's wife who is much younger and sexier than the role should have been , and one German psychic along for the ride . Director Sidney Lumet , no stranger to film , is quite good for the most part in creating the tension the film needs to motor on . The dialog is quick , fresh , and witty . Michael Caine excels in roles like these . Christopher Reeve is serviceable and actually grows on you the more you see him act . Irene Worth stands out as the funny psychic . How about Dyan Cannon ? Love how Lumet packaged her posterior in those real tight - fitting pants and had her wear possibly the snuggest tops around , but she is terribly miscast in this role - a role which should have been given to an older actress and one certainly less seductive . But why quibble with an obvious attempt to bribe its male viewers when nothing will change it now ? Deathtrap is funny , sophisticated , witty , and classy . The mystery has some glaring flaws which do detract somewhat , and I was not wholly satisfied with the ending , but watching Caine and Reeve under Lumet 's direction with Levin 's elevated verbiage was enough to ensnare my interest and keep it captive the entire length of the film .
1 The trick to creating a good , solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as its about plot contrivances , colorful characters or surprising twists . Anyone who has ever labored in frustration with an un - finishable Sunday New York Times crossword knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve ceases to be any fun . The best murder mysteries , be they on film or in print , are slight affairs that get to the point , spell out their clues , line up their suspects and , hopefully , zap us with a few surprises ; being complicated without being unduly confusing . And they play fair ; on second , third and fourth viewings of the clues and red herrings we should be just as pleased to marvel at how well it all comes together as we were at being surprised in the first place . Indeed , good thrillers should get better on repeated viewings as we anticipate the double and triple crosses.<br /><br />Sidney Lumet 's comedy - thriller DEATHTRAP , as derived from Ira Levin 's hit Broadway play , is a great example . It moves along at a tidy clip , skillfully juggling its clues , being ( almost ) totally honest with us ( even when it is lying to us ) and yet never revealing where it is going ( even when it is telling us where it might go ) . It is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional vane than it is a movie about murder mysteries , derived from a play about playwriting . Rather than going backward -- a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened -- DEATHTRAP leads us through the crime(s ) step by step , leaving ample room for the unexpected ; as the ads advise it is less a " whodunit " than a " who'lldoit . " < br /><br />DEATHTRAP is often compared ( unfavorably , oddly enough ) to the play and movie versions of SLEUTH , though in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM , the self - mocking essay on teeny - bopper horror flicks . Like that clever film , DEATHTRAP labels itself ( a thriller about thrillers ) , sets it parameters ( " a one - set , five character moneymaker " ) and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as " the most outlandish and preposterous set of circumstances entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend its disbelief . " < br /><br />DEATHTRAP bravely gives us a mystery with only five major characters , two of which are of minimum importance . Henry Jones as a cagey lawyer is on hand mostly for exposition ( and to supply us with his penchant for folksy charm ) and Irene Worth is all quirks and comic relief as a psychic - cum - sleuth who acts as the nominal detective . That leaves three main characters to be the killer(s ) and/or the victim(s ) : It is a testament to Michael Caine 's abilities that as Sidney Bruhl , a down - on - his - luck author of mystery plays , he creates a character who we intrinsically like and trust , even as we recognize immediately that almost everything he says is a lie . As his adoring , if somewhat ditzy wife , Myra , Dyan Canon flirts with being over the top by giving a roller - coaster ride of a performance with a character that by turns seems to be frail or overbearing , crafty or hysterical , timid or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than reciprocating Sidney . The third angle of this unexpected triangle is a fledgling playwright named Clifford Anderson played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never quite get a handle on just who his character is : enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer , semi - innocent victim or cunningly charming sociopath . As the various character dance around each other , the cleverly dour script adapted by ace scribe Jay Presson Allen manages to be consistently amusing , even as it builds suspense . And even after the final twist ( an improvement over the play 's finale ) , it may not be quite clear just who has manipulated who to do what.<br /><br />Lumet is by no means a master of comedy , so he lets his able cast have free reign to flesh out the characters and they all give sharp , theatrical , yet subtle work , with Reeve being particularly noteworthy . But what Lumet does so well is to work skillfully in tight quarters . As he did brilliantly in 12 ANGRY MEN , he takes a one - set play , and with a minimum of opening up , manages to make what could have been cramped , stagy and stagnant seem endlessly photogenic and spacious . The setting , a country home converted from an old windmill , is relatively small , but as designed by Tony Walton it manages to be both cozy and charming , as well as spooky and treacherous . It is so truly difficult to tell where the studio set and the real country house cross boundaries that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character . And as the scene of the crime , it is a most inviting deathtrap indeed .
1 I would not hesitate to put this adaptation of ' Death Trap " in a top 5 list of the best stage - to - movie adaptations ever . Caine and Reeves ( an underrated actor who never really got a chance to do more than soggy romances and " Superman " ) play off each other extremely well here . Even Dyan Cannon - who I normally do n't care for - is perfectly cast in a role that exploits her annoyance value as an actress.<br /><br />I'm not sure that comparisons of " Deathtrap " with " Sleuth " - another brilliant stage - to - screen adaptation featuring Michael Caine - are valid , or even fair . Yes , the two stories have a lot in common . But " Sleuth " is as much about class warfare as the battle of wits , and the house in " Sleuth " is set is at least as much a character in the movie as the two actors - the house does n't really have an equivalent in " Deathtrap " . And " Deathtrap " is n't so much a battle of wits as it is a pointed vignette about how people are no damned good ( and never as smart as they think they are ) and deserve everything they get . I 'll just say that both movies are superb examples of the genre , and well worth your time and money . This is America , after all . You do n't have to choose ! < br /><br />I wo n't give away the twists and turns of the plot , but I do n't think it matters anyway . I 've watched the DVD eight or nine times in a dozen years , and still enjoyed the chemistry and the timing and the mean , scary moments when things go " all pear shaped " . It 's all done so well that the ride becomes more important than the actual destination.<br /><br />Anyone who likes black - hearted comedy and suspense in the Hitchcock style of film - making will probably enjoy " Deathtrap " immensely .
1 This is one of my favorite movies of all time . It 's great and the acting is brilliant . In the scene in which Michael Caine calls the police in tears and then stops the waterworks the second he finishes the call really displays Caine 's brilliance . The twists are a lot of fun . The film is top - notch .
1 New York playwright Michael Caine ( as Sidney Bruhl ) is 46-years - old and fading fast ; as the film opens , Mr. Caine 's latest play flops on Broadway . TV reviewers poke fun at Caine , and he gets drunk . Passing out on the Long Island Railroad lands Caine in Montauk , instead of his residence in East Hampton . Finally arriving home , Caine is comforted by tightly - attired wife Dyan Cannon ( as Myra ) , an unfortunately high - strung heart patient . There , Caine and Ms. Cannon discuss a new play called " Deathtrap " , written by hunky young Christopher Reeve ( as Clifford " Cliff " Anderson ) , one of Caine 's former students . The couple believe Mr. Reeve 's " Deathtrap " is the hit needed to revive Caine 's career.<br /><br />"The Trap Is Set …  For A Wickedly Funny Who'll - Do - It . " < br /><br />Directed by Sidney Lumet , Ira Levin 's long - running Broadway hit does n't stray too far from its stage origin . The cast is enjoyable and the story 's twists are still engrossing . One thing that did not work ( for me ) was the curtain call ending ; surely , it played better on stage . " Deathtrap " is a fun film to watch again ; the performances are dead on - but , in hindsight , the greeting Reeve gives Caine at the East Hampton train station should have been simplified to a smiling " Hello . " The location is n't really East Hampton , but the windmill and pond look similar . And , the much ballyhooed love scene is shockingly tepid . But , the play was so good , " even a gifted director could n't ruin it . " And , Mr. Lumet does n't disappoint.<br /><br / > * * * * * * * * Deathtrap ( 3/19/82 ) Sidney Lumet ~ Michael Caine , Christopher Reeve , Dyan Cannon , Irene Worth
1 I 've bought certain films on disc even though the second rate presentation was n't an option . A certain company I wo n't identify here has put out several pan and scan dvds ( " Clean and Sober " , " Star 80 " , and this one , to name just three ! ) of films I do n't think anyone wants to see in this compromised format . Some discs give the viewer a choice of 16x9 or full screen and others are just in their theatrical release 1.66:1 ratio.<br /><br />That off my chest , I 'll say " Deathtrap " was a spooky and oddly enough , amusing picture . My only complaints are the tinny score ( what IS that f____g instrument that is usually dragged out for films set in 18th century France ? ) and Dyan Cannon screaming at regular intervals . Could n't her character have been an asthmatic who grabbed for an inhaler when she was stressed ? Minor complaints , both . The benefits of discs include being able to fast forward to get beyond those things which you do n't like.<br /><br />I never saw a staged version of " Deathtrap " , so having these folks in the roles sets a great impression of their careers at the time . Before Broadway tickets cost an arm and a leg , the theatre was more affordable to average people . Now , anyone paying less than a king 's ransom to get live entertainment probably is n't going to a hit show on the great hyped way.<br /><br />Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve were both large , virile specimens in the early 80s and that 's integral to how we 'll react to their profession and overall image here . They 're definitely not bookish men who ca n't fight or will back down from an obstacle . The two are equally great as their criminal stubbornness becomes their ultimate " deathtrap " .
1 Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( a wonderfully over - the - top Michael Caine ) would kill for a hit play . Enter young wonder kid ( a solid Reeve ) who 's just written such a play . Weave into this Bruhl 's overly hysterical wife ( superbly played by Cannon ) and a German psychic ( a very funny Irene Worth ) and you 've got yourself a wonderfully funny suspense flick.<br /><br />While not up to " Sleuth " standards , " Deathtrap " is none the less a very capable , twist filled comical suspense ride based on a terrific play by Ira Levin . The performers are obviously having a field day with the material , with Caine in particular delivering top notch lines with gusto.<br /><br />The film loses a bit of steam midway through and the ending is a lot less satisfying than the hilarious one in the original play but overall " Deathtrap " is solid , well acted and suspenseful fun .
1 I went into Deathtrap expecting a well orchestrated and intriguing thriller ; and while that 's something like what this film is ; I also ca n't help but think that it 's just a poor man 's Sleuth . The classic 1972 film is obviously an inspiration for this film ; not particularly in terms of the plot , but certainly it 's the case with the execution . The casting of Michael Caine in the central role just confirms it . The film is based on a play by Ira Levin ( who previously wrote Rosemary 's Baby and The Stepford Wives ) and focuses on Sidney Bruhl ; a playwright whose best days are behind him . After his latest play bombs , Sidney finds himself at a low ; and this is not helped when a play named Deathtrap ; written by an amateur he taught , arrives on his doorstep . Deathtrap is a guaranteed commercial success , and Sidney soon begins hatching a plot of his own ; which involves inviting round the amateur scribe , killing him , and then passing Deathtrap off as his own work.<br /><br />Despite all of its clever twists and turns ; Deathtrap falls down on one primary element , and that 's the characters . The film fails to provide a single likable character , and it 's very hard to care about the story when you 're not rooting for any of the players . This is not helped by the acting . Michael Caine puts in a good and entertaining performance as you would expect , but nobody else does themselves proud . Christopher Reeve is awkward in his role , while Dyan Cannon somehow manages to make the only possibly likable character detestable with a frankly irritating performance . It 's lucky then that the story is good ; and it is just about good enough to save the film . The plot features plenty of twists and turns ; some work better than others , but there 's always enough going on to ensure that the film stays interesting . Director Sidney Lumet deserves some credit too as the style of the film is another huge plus . The central location is interesting in its own right , and the cinematography fits the film well . Overall , I have to admit that I did enjoy this film ; but it could have been much , much better .
1 Excellent plot within a plot within a plot . Shame about two of my film heroes having a good snog . Must be my upbringing:)<br /><br />Very well acted by all . You never quite know who 's going to out - do who . The last little twist at the end allows for all to get their just deserts.<br /><br />Recommend to all . A harmless , tongue in cheek thriller which if it has any faults is probably Michael Caine 's over - use of the word " bloody " , but that 's his signature , is n't it.<br /><br />9/10
1 Deathtrap is not a whodunit . It 's a who gon na do it to who first . It 's so hard to describe this movie without giving anything away so I wo n't mention anything more about the plot . As far as acting goes it is Cris Reeves greatest role as Clifford , a young playwrite . You really see the range in his acting abilities in this movie from " exhaling cheeseburgers " to downright frightening . Clifford is such a hard role to play and in the stage production of this I have never seen Clifford played well on both ends of the spectrum . The actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac . Reeves is the only person I have seen who has the character right all the way through . As for Michael Caine he's ..... well he 's Michael Caine . One of the best actors of the last 50 years and in this film as good as he has ever been .
1 If you are looking for a sonic - boom - special - effects monster , click the BACK button on your browser.<br /><br />Deathtrap was written by Ira Levin ( Sliver , The Stepford Wives , Rosemary 's Baby ) . It 's a stage play , adapted for the screen . 95 % of the movie takes place in the gorgeous home of playwright Sidney Bruhl ( Michael Caine ) . He 's the author of a fabulously successful Broadway play , but his last 4 efforts have flopped - horribly.<br /><br />An aspiring playwright , Clifford Anderson ( Christopher Reeve ) , who attended a play - writing workshop given by Sydney , has sent him a copy of the play he has written . Sydney tells his wife , Myra ( Dyan Cannon ) the play is fabulous - a sure - fire hit . But is it good enough to die for ? Time will tell.<br /><br />Clever dialog and numerous twists and turns in the plot keep this movie entertaining from beginning to end . The whole cast seems to have a good time . It 's reminiscent of another fun Michael Caine mystery : Sleuth . Worth watching.<br /><br / >
1 This film has very tight and well planned dialogue , acting and choreography.<br /><br />Recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.<br /><br />Question : Does anyone know where the house is actually located ? It is one of the most interesting houses , a 19thC windmill .
1 Long before " Brokeback Mountain " ( about 23 years before ) , " Deathtrap " was the first time I ever saw two men passionately kissing on screen , and frankly , I was shocked . I understood it in terms of the plot , and it did n't really upset my sensibilities ( not much ) , but it was the first time I ever saw it , at least , in a " mainstream " movie . I thought it was a gutsy move for its time , and took courage for them to try it , especially Christopher Reeve , in the midst of his time as PG - rated Superman . Male bisexuality on screen may have hit its stride with " Brokeback , " but it 's interesting to note this much - earlier incarnation .
1 Very good dramatic comedy about a playwright trying to figure out how to keep his head above water after running out of ideas . Ca n't say much about this film without giving away the story . I can say that little was as it seems as you are watching the picture . Everybody has his or her own agenda . Nice little surprise at the end - after all the other surprises . Well written with good performances by all .
1 Deathtrap gives you a twist at every turn , every single turn , in fact its biggest problem is that there are so many twists that you never really get oriented in the film , and it often does n't make any sense , although they do usually catch you by surprise . The story is very good , except for the fact that it has so many twists . The screenplay is very good with great dialogue and characters , but you ca n't catch all the development because of the twists . The performances particularly by Caine are amazing . The direction is very good , Sidney Lumet can direct . The visual effects are fair , but than again most are actually in a play and are fake . Twists way to much , but still works and is worth watching .
1 Playwright Sidney Bruhl ( Michael Caine ) has had a series of flop plays after a huge hit . He receives a play written by a student of his , Clifford Anderson ( Christopher Reeve ) which is fantastic . It 's so good Sidney says he would kill for it . Will he?<br /><br />A thinking man 's thriller . It was originally a play ... and it shows . It 's mostly on one set and all talk but I was never bored . It 's very well - written with plenty of twists and a good cast working full force . Caine is just great as Bruhl -- another one of his great performances . Reeve is , surprisingly , very good . I never thought much of him as an actor , but he 's really good in this role . Dyan Cannon does wonders with an underwritten role as Bruhls ' wife . Irene Worth is also good ( and quite funny ) as Helga ten Drop , a psychic . However , her accent did get on my nerves . Director Sidney Lumet does very well with his one set . The camera is always moving and keeps your attention going.<br /><br />EXTREME SPOILER DEAD AHEAD ! ! ! ! ! My only complaint is that two gay characters in this movie turn out to be raging sociopaths and it also contains one of the most unromantic kisses I 've ever seen -- but these are mild complaints.<br /><br />A very good thriller . Critics hate this movie ( for some reason ) and it seems to have completely disappeared since it premiered in 1982 . That 's too bad -- it deserves better .
1 This is a really good film and one that I 've enjoyed watching several times . Michael Caine 's awesome as always . Michael Caine has received kind of a reputation for taking any role in any movie no matter what the quality or lack of same but he does a good turn in playing Sidney . From the start it 's so well written . Who would have thought that Ira Levin who wrote such creepy stuff as The Boys from Brazil and Rosemary 's Baby could write something this witty . Let 's face it - Michael Caine , Chris Reeve , Dyan Cannon , Henry Jones ... how are you going to go wrong with a cast this good directed by Sidney Lumet.<br /><br />I'm really reticent to go on because if anyone were to give away anything about this film it would be a crime . Just watch it and adore it .
1 There have been several films about Zorro , some even made in Europe , e.g. Alain Delon . This role has also been played by outstanding actors , such as Tyrone Power and Anthony Hopkins , but to me the best of all times has always been Reed Hadley . This serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western , where you will only discover the real villain , Don del Oro , at its end . The serial also has good performance of various actors of movies B like Ed Cobb , ex- Tarzan Jim Pierce , C. Montague Shaw , eternal villains like John Merton and Charles King , and a very good performance of Hadley as Zorro . He was quick , smart , used well his whip and sword , and his voice was the best for any Zorro .
1 As serials go " Zorro 's Fighting Legion " is one of the best action serials of the 1930s . Made in a period when the studios could still field a large cast , this one has wall to wall action throughout its 12 chapters.<br /><br />In 1824 the President of the newly formed Republic of Mexico Benito Juarez ( Carleton Young ) is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing . To that end , he has arranged to have rich gold shipments forwarded to the capitol from the local San Mendolita mine.<br /><br />Members of the local council plot to steal the shipments on behalf of Don - del - Oro a gold armored god , who with the aid of the local Yaqui tribe , hopes to install himself as the ruler of Mexico . Opposing him is Don Francisco ( Guy D'Ennery ) who forms a legion of locals to aid Juarez . When Don Franciso is murdered by Don - del - Oro 's men , a stranger , the fopish Don Diego ( Reed Hadley ) arrives in town . Diego aka Zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friends Ramon ( William Corson ) and Juan ( Budd Buster ) . The token heroine of the piece is Ramon 's sister Volita ( Sheila D'Arcy).<br /><br />Both Diego and Ramon hold seats on the local ruling Counsil . It soon becomes apparent that some of the other members of the Council are in league with Don - del - Oro . First there is the Chairman of the Council ( Leander de Cordova ) , the head of the militia Manuel ( John Merton ) , Chief Justice Pablo ( C. Montague Shaw ) and Gonzolez ( Edmund Cobb ) . Zorro suspects that one of these men is Don - del - Oro , but which one?<br /><br />What follows are several hair raising escapes by Zorro and his confederates from the followers of Don - del - Oro . We have the ever present collapsing rope bridge , the deep chasm between two cliffs over which only Zorro can jump to safety , and the usual assortment of explosions , fires and coaches and wagons crashing or going over the cliff . Hats off here to Republic 's fine team of stunt men lead by the legendary Yakima Canutt and the Yrigoyens , Bill and Joe . Canutt performs his signature stunt jumping on a team of runaway horses and then falling beneath the coach which he repeated in other films including John Ford 's " Stagecoach " the same year.<br /><br />Anyway , Zorro finally unmasks the false god Don - del - Oro and restores peace to the valley before riding off into the sunset in Chapter 12.<br /><br />Others in the cast include Jim Pierce , Curley Dresden and Charlie King as Don - del - Oro 's hence men and if you look closely you may spot bits by future serial star and Lone Ranger Clayton Moore and stuntman Canutt in bits . " Big " Jim Pierce by the way , may be best remembered for playing Tarzan in 1927 's " Tarzan and the Golden Liom " ( 1927 ) and for his marriage to Joan Burroughs the daughter of Tarzan creator Edgar Rice Burroughs.<br /><br />Thoroughly enjoyable .
1 I loved this exiting republic serial ! The story was one of the best I have ever seen ! Even tough , the picture quality was not of the best , but OK . The fencing in this serial is also a bit bad , but not terrible . They only should have practised some more . As I said the story is GREAT ! You 're just sitting there and waiting to find out who Don Del Oro is ! The theme music is excellent ! It 's the same guy who maid the music for Walt Disney 's version of Zorro , who maid the Fightin Legion music . Costumes and buildings are very good . Zorro is really cool and so are the legioners ! I highly recommend this serial . Buy it ! < br /><br />I love that Reed Hadley plays Zorro ! He is funny , smart and brave ! Mark : 6 .
1 I rank this the best of the Zorro chapterplays . The exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play . There is an excellent supporting cast and mystery villain that will keep you guessing until the final chapter . Reed Hadley does a fine job as Don Diego and his alter ego Zorro . Last , but certainly not least , is the great directing team of Whitney and English .
1 God ! Zorro has been the the subject of about as many movies as Tarzan , and probably had about as many actors in the title role . < br /><br />This Serial is one of my own personal favourites , and as previously stated , it is one of the Top 5 Sound Serials . Oddly enough , this is one production that came out in that water shed year of 1939 . * By the time of this production in ' 39 , Zorro was really well known as a ( Pulp ) literary and movie character . The film opens up with a little foot note about the History of the Mexico 's struggle for freedom from rule by a European Monarchy , namely Spain . The story invites comparison with the American Revolutionary War.<br /><br />The story concentrates its attention to the mythical Province of San Mendelito and its ' Council ' . It is being addressed by Benito Juarez**on their gold mine 's relation to the new Republic of Mexico . Gold shipments must get thru to Mexico City.<br /><br />Don Francisco Uncle to Diego Vega , states that he has organized a group of patriots to act as a protective force for the gold convoys . A thug from the Don del Oro mob , stages an ' insult ' to himself and challenges Don Francisco to a duel with swords , Don Frasncisco getting run through.<br /><br />Suddenly the dark clad masked swordsman appears to sword fight and after carving the trademark ' Z ' on the face of the bad guy , he dispatches him to the hereafter . Don Francisco declares with his dying breath to his ward Ramon ( William Corson ) that Zorro is his nephew from the city of Los Angeles . He also attempts to tell of the true identity of Don del Oro , but expires before completing statement.<br /><br />There is a big reception for Diego at Don Francisco 's Hacienda , where Diego disappoints Ramon'sister ( also ward of Don Francisco ) with his timid act . " A FOP ! ! " , she declares.<br /><br />Later , Diego and Ramon slip away to join up with a meeting of the volunteers . When they ask , " who will lead us with Don Francisco now dead ? " , Ramon declares " Zorro , we are Zorro 's Fighting Legion ! " Well there is a big battle with the Legion , now all clad on gray , with masks and capes , protecting the Gold Train . Then Zorro seems trapped at a man - made avalanche intended for the convoy , when , well , you know cliffhanger end of Chapter One.<br /><br />Wow ! That was a lot of writing for one Chapter , but like most other Serials , the opening one is longer and has a lot of ground to be laid to set up the story line . Let 's just let it suffice to say that there are 11 more good , well made , action filled Chapters following.<br /><br />ZORRO 's FIGHTING LEGION has all of the elements that made for top cliffhanger action . We have an unknown evil leader who is fomenting trouble between different groups . There is a number of suspects as to who was really behind of the mask of ' Don del Oro ' . We had soldiers , renegade Whites , hostile Indians and the Legion.<br /><br />In short , it 's safe to say that there is everything one could want , and then some , in this Serial . And , incidentally , they wisely choose to not have the actors affect any Mexican accents.<br /><br />As to just what is there here that makes ZFL stand out from the rest ? What makes it different or unique ? Well ........ <br /><br />First of all , it has a much more elaborate and exciting musical score playing and underlining the drama and action on the screen . The opening theme even appears in a flamenco guitar rendition at the Cantina in Chapter One . This is probably the only time that such a highly specialized innovation appears in serial sound track.<br /><br />And yet there is one more feature that really sets the Fighting Legion saga out in front from all others . That is , the film not only has a heroic musical theme , but it also sports Lyrics , yes , the Legionairres sing ! We hear them singing in the opening credits and in several Chapters ! It really works well and adds to the feelings we get from the viewing.<br /><br />When the Serial was first shown on our local television ( circa 1955 ) , all of the gang immediately recognized the voice of Reed Hadley as belonging to ' Captain Braddock from RACKET SQUAD , the TV Series . Mr. Hadley had a very distinctive , deep voice . * * * He also handled the role very well . His costume and especially the elongated mask looked very good and was probably very functional.<br /><br />There is a small slip up . A sort of minor anachronism occurs by having Benito Juarez(Carleton Young)addressing the San Mendelito Council , as Juarez was about 18 years old at this time ( 1824 ) and , though he was later perhaps the greatest single figure in Mexico 's History , he surely had n't achieved such prominence yet . His inclusion in story probably was to cash in on the release of Warner Brothers ' JUAREZ that year , which starred Paul Muni in the title role.<br /><br />This is not only my pick as a top 5 sound serial , but also my favourite Zorro film.<br /><br / > * We are reminded of the great crop of top flight movies that year , what with GONE WITH THE WIND , MR.SMITH GOES TO WASHINGTON , THE CITADEL , JUAREZ , THE WIZARD OF OZ , OF MICE AND MEN , ONE MILLION B.C.,ZENOBIA , WE WANT OUR MUMMY all counted among the output that year.<br /><br / > * * Once again , Juarez did not ascend to any national importance until around 1850 , about 25 years later . Also , the political sub - divisions are referred to as ' Provinces ' in the story . In actuality , they are called ' States ' . Just as we are called the United States of America , so too , South of the Border they call their Repubhlic the United States of Mexico.<br /><br / > * * * Reed Hadley was prominent in some very ' A ' pictures in which his richly toned voice is exploited to good effect . Watch & listen for his narration in THE HOUSE ON 92nd STREET ( 1945 ) and GUADALCANAL DIARY ( 1945 ) .
1 If you are a fan of Zorro , Indiana Jones , or action in general this is a must - see . Directed by Republic 's ace team of William Witney and John English , and starring Reed Hadley as Don Diego / Zorro , this serial delivers ! I wo n't bore you with the plot ( who cares ? less talking , more fighting ) ; what really matters here is Hadley 's superb interpretation of the character / s and the stunt work of Dale van Sickel and Yakima Canutt . < br /><br />***STUNT SPOILERS FOLLOW * * * < br /><br />You can see the influence this film had on Lucas and Spielberg -- Zorro gets caught in the original version of the Star Wars trash compactor in one chapter , trapped on a rope bridge a'la Temple of Doom in another , does a Raiders horse - to - coach transfer and even flees through a tunnel while the baddies knock over a huge water tank and flood the tunnel behind him , exactly as Mola Ram does to Indy in Temple of Doom . In addition to all this , the whip action is great as Zorro disarms villains , swings to safety , etc . with his trusty lash . Most of the sword work is fair to lame , except for chapter one , which features a terrific sword brawl in a cantina choreographed by sword / stunt legend Ralph Faulkner , who makes a rare screen appearance as the evil Rodriguez . This was the first serial I ever saw , on Matinée at the Bijou when I was a kid and I have been hooked on them ever since . < br /><br />Zorro 's Fighting Legion delivers " Z " goods !
1 Reed Hadley makes a better foppish Don Diego than he does a dashing and daring Zorro , but that 's almost beside the point because this serial features the bar - none best theme song of any serial , ever -- and the best version of Yakima Canutt 's famous stagecoach stunt . There are other good stunts , and lots of action , and plenty of hair - raising cliff - hanger chapter endings , but if for no other reason , you must see this film to watch the stagecoach stunt , then re - watch it in slow motion . It is incredible , and , despite the lower budget for this chapter play , Yak turns in a better take on the stunt here than he did in the far more celebrated film " Stagecoach . " Indiana Jones , eat your heart out : This is the real deal !
1 Best of the Zorro serials and one of my favorite serials , period . This is a period serial set right after the birth of Mexico . The new nation is counting on the gold produced by this one town to keep the republic solvent . However a gold god , Don del Oro is stirring up the Indians and stealing the gold for himself . Its Zorro and his band of men to the rescue . Reed Hadley is a winning Zorro and he cuts a dashing figure as he gets into a nice selection of scraps ( most all of which were reused by the later Zorro serials as well as other serials as well).The story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is . There is a reason that I 've seen this the most of any serial I 've seen , its simply a great action adventure film . The only thing I can compare it to is the Mark of Zorro with Tyrone Power or one of the other swashbucklers of the period . Its super and highly recommended .
1 My very favorite character in films , but in nearly all of them the character of Zorro has a small bit of cloth as a mask and if the villain`s can`t tell who is under that cloth then they are daft.<br /><br />But in Reed Hadley`s " Zorro`s Fighting Legion " ( serial 1939 ) the mask fills his whole face making it a real mystery as to who Zorro really is.<br /><br />But anyway Zorro is one of the best character`s in films and to bring it up to date l think Anthony Hopkins in " The Mask of Zorro " ( 1998 ) is a delight.<br /><br />My interest in films is vast , but l have a real liking for the serial`s of the 30s/40s .... <br /><br />Bond2a
1 Along with " King of the Rocket Men " , this was still being repeated on BBC TV in the early to mid eighties . If I was loading up a time capsule of this period both these series would definitely go in.<br /><br />Someone watching it for the first time will think it is silly but this is one of the best examples of the " Serials " . Don Del Oro will make you laugh ( When I was little my nickname for him was Mr Dustbin head ) and it was funny upon being shot at he says " Your bullets ca n't harm me " then he stumbles back , seemingly less than happy . I also like the way he dispenses with Sebastian in the first episode.<br /><br />I watched this again because I had good memories of it from years back , there are some good stunts and good music , it has the ingredients you expect including water , rockfalls , runaway carts ... Apart from the first episode(with Ralph Faulkner)the swordplay was n't nearly as good as I remembered it , and yes it features the inevitable " flashback " episode ! It gets 8 out of 10 because it still suffers from slow pace , padding and the other tricks . If you are interested in these serials I recommend the book by William Witney , " In a Door , Into a Fight , Out a Door , Into a Chase " although there is only a small entry about this series in it .
1 Serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction . Known as " chapter plays , " they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called " chapters " or " episodes . " Each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week . The serial would end with a cliffhanger , as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.<br /><br />The audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again . Serials were especially popular with children , and for many children in the first half of the 20th century , a typical Saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial , along with animated cartoons , newsreels , and two feature films.<br /><br />The golden age for serials was 1936 - 1945 . This was one of the best of the era.<br /><br />Zorro has been seen in many films , but Reed Hadley ( " Racket Squad " , The Undying Brain ) was excellent in the role.<br /><br />The action is constant , and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.<br /><br />Zorro triumphs , as he always does .
1 There have been a lot of Zorro films made over the decades , but it 's a shame that one of the best is probably one of the least seen.<br /><br />Zorro 's Fighting Legion is a bit different from other Zorro films . First off , it 's a Republic serial in 12 chapters . And this time , Zorro is not played by a top studio star like Douglas Fairbanks , Tyrone Power or Antonio Banderas but instead by workman - like actor Reed Hadley . While Hadley does not cast as strong a presence over the proceedings as those other , he does an adequate job , helped by the fact that he is not the sole hero here ; as the title implies , he has a fighting legion to call upon.<br /><br />Another big difference is that the setting is n't California . The story here take place in central Mexico in 1824 where a man posing as a living god incites the indigenous Indian population and a band of outlaws to aid him in his plan to overthrow the newly established Mexican Republic . Something , Zorro , and a handful of followers plan to do anything they can to stop.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong , there is at least one incredibly cheesy moment per episode , from corny " twang " bow sound effects to ludicrous acting . But overall , this represents one of the best Republic serials of all time , and probably the best Zorro one.<br /><br />The plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering . , and there 's lots of great action - fans of the Indiana Jones movies will notice MANY bits borrowed from this serial .
1 Sitting on the front porch of his Burbank home , Ted Mapes told me that he and Reed Hadley wore the exact same size in every item of clothing except hat.<br /><br />Ted , one of the greatest of the stunt men , said that every time Zorro put on his mask , he was the one on the screen.<br /><br />That was a little bit of an exaggeration : There were times that Zorro was obviously Reed Hadley , but in the stunts we can be satisfied it was Ted at work.<br /><br />And what stunts ! " Zorro 's Fighting Legion " is , as witness the comments here , one of the greatest of serials . It is exciting and generally very well made.<br /><br />Reed Hadley was a fine actor , and , as someone else commented , he made a very good fop.<br /><br />But , admittedly , it is the action that makes this movie so great.<br /><br />And what else could we expect , with direction by that excellent team , Witney and English , with great music from the amazingly prolific William Lava ( the listing here says he was uncredited , but that is incorrect ; those other composers listed here were indeed uncredited , and I do n't know if they did write any of the music -- it sounds like Lava ) , and with villainy from , among others , the great Charles King , and with dozens of bit parts?<br /><br />Also noteworthy was a villain played by the radio Tarzan , Jim Pierce , who was Edgar Rice Burroughs ' son - in - law . ( I urge you to read his mini - bio . ) < br /><br />There is one chapter that slows things down depressingly , but , heck , it 's only a few minutes long ( maybe 20 ) and when you wade through it , well , you 're back to the excitement.<br /><br />Turner Classic Movies deserves a great big THANK YOU for presenting this excellent serial , and we should ask TCM to bring us more.<br /><br />And we should thank everyone involved that we get to see it as a chapter - play , or serial , and not as a re - cut feature .
1 I absolutely love this show , but I saw the second episode first . After watching the first episode I could see why people were turned off at first . The first episode 's humor is not the best , and they struggle to properly start the series . However , I still like the light and humorous attitude of the show . The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters . As a first episode , it really does n't accurately represent the rest of the show which is really quite good . The episode is not bad by any means , but as the show progresses it becomes better and better , so watch more episodes before passing any judgement on the quality of the show .
1 This is a perfect series for family viewing . We gather around the TV to watch this on BBC America . It is an up - to - date version of Robin Hood and it appeals to children and adults alike . Our teenager and tween - ager both enjoy sitting with mom and dad and watching Robin 's next exploits . We ca n't wait for the next episode to air each week and are glad for the free " On Demand " viewing.<br /><br />The wardrobe has a spot of current fashion . There is a moral to each story . It is entertaining . The violence is not over - the - top or needless . The soundtrack is absolutely fantastic with a John William 's feel to it . It is an old world tale that is brought to life again with a new world flair.<br /><br />There is so much garbage on television from brain rotting " reality " TV to senseless violence . You should take this for what it is and that is an updated " Robin Hood " not to be compared with the movie exploits of Errol Flynn . This is a gem to be enjoyed by all . Parents that are concerned about their children watching too much violence will enjoy that Robin has lost his taste for war and bloodshed . He is a Robin Hood that would rather attempt to reason his way out of a disagreement than fight . Maid Marian is also an appealing role model for young girls . Rather than stand by and do nothing , she takes her own role in helping the poor by being the " Night Watchman . " The Sheriff of Nottingham is deliciously over the top wicked , just as the Sheriff should be and looks like a cross between Billy Joel and Tim Curry . Guy Gisborne is played by an extremely handsome actor , one that makes most women wish he did n't have portray the role of a bad " Guy " . < br /><br />The only question we have is " Where is Friar Tuck ? "
1 I thought that for a first episode of a first series it did really well . It was really fun and i thought the actors was brilliant . I think it is a crime for anyone to say that is was bad because it looked the right time . i find it really annoying when people say that it was n't historically correct because it is supposed to be a Saturday night entertainment show not a boring history documentary so i think the costumes and settings were just right . A brilliant start and i am going to love what will come next ! ! I have spoken to many people at my school and they love the show ! we all think that it is brilliant entertainment and it has great stories to go with it .
1 Eyeliner was worn nearly 6000 years ago in Egypt . Really not that much of a stretch for it to be around in the 12th century . I also did n't realize the series flopped . There is a second season airing now is n't there ? It is amazing to me when commentaries are made by those who are either ill - informed or do n't watch a show at all . It is a waste of space on the boards and of other 's time . The first show of the series was maybe a bit painful as the cast began to fall into place , but that is to be expected from any show . The remainder of the first season is excellent . I can hardly wait for the second season to begin in the United States .
1 Twisted , bizarre , enchanting , and hilarious ! I could n't stop laughing watching this film . Darren Stein presents the movies he made on the family camcorder growing up in Southern California in the 1980 's . It 's an interesting look at a budding filmmaker and his motivations and ability to manipulate for the camera . Manipulation is a strong word , however do n't we all watch movies to be manipulated in some way or another ? < br /><br />From the beginning , I was amused at the fact that the boys in the films seemed to appear shirtless whenever possible . Later , Darren comments about his budding homosexuality , and you can see it from the hints ( big hints ! ) of flamboyance at an early age . Maybe it was just the warm Southern California weather , who knows ? As a gay man who also grew up in a nurturing environment , it 's great to see that his parents supported and loved him , and that his friends seemed to be entranced with his nascent talent behind the lens.<br /><br />"Put the Camera On Me " offers a look back to the 80 's untouched by commercialism . You 'll remember the hair , the music , and the fashions . I 'm the same age as Mr. Stein , so the trip back to memory lane was welcome . His solo lip - syncing dance number is priceless , enhanced by the Frankie Goes To Hollywood t - shirt.<br /><br />The films deal with dark themes at time . Child abuse , the Holocaust , nuclear war , sexual fantasy , and social dysfunction . No childhood is completely carefree , and the way Stein deals with these subjects is interesting to say the least , and hilarious to behold.<br /><br />Watch at your earliest convenience !
1 it brings to mind the writings of Stephen King and the remembered childhoods filled with terror from stories like IT - as the exact opposite . There is no terror in these childhoods that any of the friends - who are still friends 20 years up the line - remember or seem to suffer from . Up the line all is described as friendly jostling , maybe periodically described as " picking on " one or more of them , but all is forgiven . There is no * angst * embedded as the film and the participants in later life describe the relationships - all we see are young people having grown up to be basically the same persons . More mature , but basically still the same people , and the same power structures.<br /><br />Totally amazing ! Not just for the fact that people can in fact grow up relatively unharmed by social conventions - but also that friendships can in fact last . In this respect this movie is a tiny Pearl - as one assumes this has been the intent of the film : A portrait of unforced emotions binding people together . Which , when seen in opposition to films of later years portraying the dark sides of childhood - the violent inhibitions in Bowling for Combine is what easily springs to mind , but since mid 80'ies along with the growing adoration of children and childhood ( accompanied by 1000s of commercials , animations and series directed straight at children ) several movies and documentaries have had success with portraying the dark sides of growing up - the abuse , the loneliness , the push to excel - resulting in adults with dark and twisted minds.<br /><br />And here comes a film , that says : It IS possible to have a happy childhood , look'a'here!<br /><br />Thank you for that . OR the counterweight illusion ... < br /><br />8/10
1 PUT THE CAMERA ON ME is a deceptively cute film . It is actually a complex glimpse at the psychology of children and offers interesting insights into the development of adults and an artist . On the surface this is a nostalgic look at some home movies made in the 80 's by a group of upper class neighborhood kids . One of the film 's directors , Darren Stein , had access to a video camera and quickly took over as the artistic leader for all of the movies . Sure , these are just some cute kids having fun . But , this is also much more . This is a look into some moments in time as children grapple with a number of confusing issues that all of us face in life --- fear , sexual awakening , unrequited love , loneliness and just trying to make sense of the adult world which seems to explode all around us . As we get older we tend to forget how overwhlelming the realities of life were when we were little . < br /><br />What makes this film all the more valid is to watch a young Darren Stein turn into a little general of a filmmaker . It is clear that Darren is running this show and these little movies are his vision but they are all informed by his friends , their problems , the interpersonal dynamics and the general confusion regarding the horrors of adult life . A lot of children make home movies , but I 've never heard of or seen children create " little " movies about the holocaust , homosexuality , nuclear war and the inability to fit in and make friends . These kids are confronting and dealing with some heavy stuff ! < br /><br />The power of this film is the way Stein and Shell pull various scenes together so tightly with running interviews with the kids --- all now adults and all still friends . This adds a new angle to the film . How many of us have stayed in touch with our childhood friends ? These guys have . And , many of the issues with which they were dealing are still running between them two decades later . < br /><br />Among the conflicts -- a confession of a crush reveals a heart still broken , a very normal childhood sexual experience continues to be a " sticky " subject between two of the men , some ongoing resentments over the dynamics of relationships and there is still a member of this team who remains very much in charge and in center stage ! Which makes perfect sense as one watches these home movies progress over the course of a couple of years . Darren Stein is a director . No doubt about it . < br /><br />Stein and Shell take turns chatting with each other from time to time and one ca n't help but imagine the awkwardness of allowing us to peek into the young lives of these people . This is particularly true for Stein who has gone on to a great deal of success in the entertainment industry as a film producer , writer and director . From the first moment of PUT THE CAMERA ON ME we can see the emergence of a gay little boy trying to figure it all out . We also see sides of the artistic mind and personality that are not always " nice " or " caring " --- and , this is a bold move for any artist to share with an audience . < br /><br />There are so many revealing moments , but the most disturbing and complex moments involve a movie in which we see a Jewish concentration camp victim being tortured and killed by a Nazi . We discover thru interviews and narration that the Nazi is played by a Jewish child and the part of the victim is played by a gentile child . It is a painfully disturbing moment that glimpses into the darker side of fear and the way children work thru the horrors of the adult world that are beyond adult understanding much less that of a child . < br /><br />This is much more than some home movies . This documentary captures the pain , beauty , joy and sadness of growing up . Powerful stuff --- and well worth seeing ! < br /><br / > :
1 I was so entertained throughout this insightful documentary , and I waited a good while for this to come through the pipes ( my local video chain ) , and it was worth the wait . I like a good documentary / special interest piece , but this was definitely a heartfelt , honest , and nostalgic , if you will , look back on adolescent life . The imagination of a child is fascinating , and that 's where a great story begins . Rent it or buy it if you like a good , humorous , and all around entertaining documentary . Mr. Stein and company have definitely come a long way from neighborhood Video CamCorder productions of bank hold - ups , and gay - rings that turn people gay from one glance . They all seem rather successful in they 're respectful fields , and it was good to know that they are all still good friends . The DVD has a few extra trailers for other good documentaries , and it features a number of Darren 's most notable productions , including , Crazy News .
1 OK - you want to test somebody on how comfortable they are with their adolescence and the embarrassing and maniacal changes therin - then get their immediate reaction from watching this uproarious doc about kids making socially relevant horror flicks in the suburban 80 's . More than any movie I has ever seen , the film deals with burdening sexuality and ego in a way that is completely human , never dull , and flushed in the kind of inherent goodness of youth that is discolored by the fear - frenzied adult world where any quirk in youth is accredited to anything from insanity to perversion . Mini - mogul Darren Stien seems to be reaching for a deeper understanding of his triumphs and misgivings as the patriarch of strict kid 's world . What he finds in himself and others is n't always pretty - but shows how one can improve and reconcile with age . What does change mean without reflection . I love this movie .
1 This film is brilliant ! It touches everyone who sees it in an extraordinary way . It really takes you back to your youth and puts a new perspective on how you view your childhood memories . There are so many layers to this film . It is innovative and absolutely fabulous !
1 I drove from Sacramento to San Francisco ( and back ) to see this movie premiere -- and really glad I did . As a big movie fan and a life - long Northern Californian , I was surprised how many Oscar - winning films have been made in the Bay Area . As a fashion designer who really wants to stay in the Bay Area as opposed to going to LA , George Lucas ' comments about persistence , community and having a vision really resonated with me . < br /><br />Hey , if he and all the other filmmakers can make it in SF , so can other artists . < br /><br />Would recommend this film
1 I just watched the documentary " Fog City Mavericks " on the Starz cable TV network . It is without a doubt , one of my most enjoyable viewing experiences ever ! It chronicles the San Francisco Bay area artists and creative talent responsible for the some of the best films ever made . In addition to the well - known artists listed , t also includes segments with Irvin Kershner , Caleb Deschanel and a segment about Pixar Animation Studios . I hope it will be released on DVD - this is a must for any collection about cinema history and brilliant film - making . If you are even remotely interested in movies and the people who create them , you will not be disappointed .
1 Gruveyman2 ( comment below)you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to . Its that whiny arrogance , that you are ironically claiming the film exudes about SF , that makes you seem like such the typical LA A**hole ! The only reason you felt the film was so self congratulatory about SF is because you are jealous . Of course you do n't know it because you are so LA jaded . First of all the film was completely factual about a beautiful city ; what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals . It says nothing bad about LA ; and these accomplished directors choose to live in a beautiful city over LA . They recognize that they went to film school in LA and are obviously proud of that fact . They recognize that SF is close to LA which is a benefit . The only negative thing that was said that relates to LA , was about the studio executives . The same studio executives that hated these guys movies when they first saw them , but then those same movies went on to be huge world - wide grossing films . So why would n't they have animosity towards the studio executive establishment and studio system ? These are the only people they are trying to " disassociate from " and for good reasons ! Do n't be so sensitive ! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the " so called " San Francisco director ? How is he not to be considered that ? And who directed The Godfather ? Coppola did . It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it a best picture award . So what who gave him the job ? He admits it in the documentary that he did n't even want to do the movie .... so what 's your point ? And so what if Sophia wants to live in LA ? And that proves your point how ? And tell me how they are not truly independent when they are funding a lot of their own movies . Movies that are now considered classics . And , when they made movies from studio funding , one , it was LA that came to them and said we want you to make these pictures and two , they used the money that they made from doing these pictures to fund their own . They said exactly that in the film.<br /><br />"Your bitchy and self congratulatory whining would take on an air of greater self respect and credence if you never set foot on the ground you so claim to be superior to in this film." < br /><br />How the hell can " bitchy - ness " and " self - congratulation " suddenly have an " air " of self respect and credence .... if they never go to LA again ? What a stupid and senseless comment ! You inserted some big words in there .... and just do n't know how to use them ! And , by the way , they never claimed nor implied they were superior to LA ! So what if they are giving a guy from New York an award in LA .... again what the hell is your point ? So if they go to LA or New York they are hypocrites by simply preferring to live in SF ? You make no sense.<br /><br />San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who make it what it is today . This film just focused on one aspect ... film - making . For you to take the time and type up such nasty comments about the city ( not the movie ! But the city and its people ) only proves what it is we Northern Californians hate about people from LA ! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING , ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE .
1 Holes is a fable about the past and the way it affects the present lives of at least three people . One of them I will name , the other two are mysteries and will remain so . Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV . He is unlucky in life . Unlucky in fact characterizes the fates of most of the Yelnats men and has been since exploits of Stanley IV 's ` no good - dirty - rotten - pig - stealing - great - great - grandfather . ' Those particular exploits cursed the family 's men to many an ill - fated turn . It is during just such a turn that we meet Stanley IV . He has been accused , falsely , of stealing a pair of baseball shoes , freshly donated to a homeless shelter auction , by a famous baseball player . He is given the option of jail , or he can go to a character building camp . ` I 've never been to camp before , ' says Stanley . With that the Judge enthusiastically sends him off to Camp Green Lake.<br /><br />Camp Green Lake is an odd place , with an odd philosophy , ` If you take a bad boy , make him dig a hole every day in the hot sun , it will turn him into a good boy . ' We learn this little pearl of wisdom from Mr. Sir ( John Voight ) one of the camp 's ` counselors . ' We get the impression right away that he is a dangerous man . He at least wears his attitude honestly ; he does n't think he is nice . The camp 's guidance councilor , Mr. Pendanski ( Tim Blake Nelson ) is a different matter entirely . He acts the part of the caring sensitive counselor , but he quick , quicker than anyone else in authority to unleash the most cruel verbal barbs at his charges . The Warden has a decided capacity for meanness , but other than that she is a mystery . These three rule Camp Green Lake , a place that has no lake . It is just a dry dusty desert filled with holes , five feet deep and five feet wide . Its local fauna , seem only to be the vultures , and dangerous poisonous yellow - spotted lizards . Green Lake seems is , in many ways , a haunted place.<br /><br />Holes works in spite of the strange setting , and the strange story , because it understands people . Specifically because it is honest in the way it deals with the inmates of Camp Green Lake . The movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly . It captures the way boys can bully each other , they way they can win admiration , the way they fight with one another , and the way boys ally themselves along the age line . It is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film believable . What is also refreshing about this film the good nature of its main character . He does not believe in a family curse , he is not bitter about the infamous exploits of his ` no good - dirty - rotten - pig - stealing - great - great - grandfather . ' In fact he loves hearing the story . Stanley IV is not bitter about the past , and determined not let it affect him in the way it has affected his father and grandfather . There is at times a lot of sadness in the film , but not a lot wallowing angsty silliness . And that is refreshing.<br /><br />Holes is an intelligent , insightful and witty family movie . It entertains , and not in any cheap way . It is not a comedy , though it has its laughs . It dares to be compelling , where many family movies tend to play it safe and conventional . As such it transcends the family movie genera and simply becomes a good film that everyone can enjoy . I give it a 10 .
1 HOLES is not your average Disney stuff- it 's very , very fun , even for adults who usually cringe at the cutesy , focus - group designed " family entertainment " that Uncle Walt 's studio passes off as live - action . Perhaps the secret of this film 's success is in its faithfulness to the original book , which is a little bit darker than your average kid stuff . The action begins when Stanley Yelnats is sent to a boys ' prison camp , where all the inmates are forced to dig holes under the desert sun as a form of rehibilitation . But as the story progresses , Stanley 's tale becomes interwoven with that of a legendary treasure , and this adventure becomes ten times more fun than any Disney movie about an all - boy prison camp has any right to be . Jon Voight is especially nasty and colorful , and Sigourney Weaver is beautiful , as always .
1 Typically , " kids " films have some annoying quality to it that makes it way too sappy and unbearable for someone over 13 . But then again , that 's before Holes hit the scene . Sure , it has the very same moments that often times give a kids movie its aforementioned quality , but this film does a good job of staying away from such conventions . The acting was decent , and the uneasy dynamics that Stanley had with some of the other campers was more realistic than what most movies seek to portray . What I especially liked about this movie was the fact that this film did n't try to break your heart or make you cry . The emotional power was a little more natural than most would imagine , kind of like The Shawshank Redemption in many ways ( which Holes also has a similar , redemptive ending to it ) . The only down side ? The hokey looking lizards . Overall , however , an 8/10 .
1 And I 'm serious ! Truly one of the most fantastic films I have ever had the pleasure of watching . What 's so wonderful is that very rarely does a good book turn into a movie that is not only good , but if possible better than the novel it was based on . Perhaps in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting , but it is a rare occurrence indeed . But I think that the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped masses , so that the film sticks close to the story but takes it even further . This film has many elements that make it what it is:<br /><br />1 . A unique , original story with a good mix of fun and humour , but a mature edge . 2 . Brilliant actors . Adults and kids alike , these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines with enthusiasm and style without going overboard , as sometimes happen with kids movies . 3 . Breathtaking scenery . And it does n't matter if it 's real or CGI , the setting in itself is a masterpiece . I especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view . 4 . A talented director who breathes life into the book and turns it into technicolour genius . The transitions in time work well and capture the steady climax from the book , leading up to the twists throughout the film . 5 . Louis Sachar ! The guy who had me reading a book nonstop from start to finish so that I could n't put it down . He makes sure that the script sticks to the book , with new bits added in to make it even better . 6 . And speaking of the script ! The one - liners in this are smart , funny and unpatronising . But there are also parts to make you smile , make you cry , and tug at your heartstrings to make you love this story all the more . 7 . Beautiful soundtrack . There 's not a song in this film that I have n't fallen for , and that 's something considering I 'm supposed to be a punk - rocker . The songs link to the story well and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film . If you 're going to buy the film , I recommend you buy the soundtrack too , especially for " If Only " , which centres around the story and contains the chorus from the book.<br /><br />I do not work for the people who made Holes , by the way , I 'm just a fan , plugging my favourite film and giving it the review it deserves . If you have n't seen it , do it . Now . This very instant . Go !
1 I recently watched the ' 54 version of this film with Judy , and while i appreciated the story and music , i found that the film failed to hold my attention . I expected the ' 76 remake to be the same story , except with a Barbra twist . I was pleasantly surprised - it was a much more realistic and modern look at fame , money , love and the price of it all . This version is so much more real than the ' 54 one , with arguably better music , better acting , a more gripping plot line , and , of course , a deeper love . I do not understand why the previous film is on the American Film Institute 's top 100 list , while this gripping remake fails to make a mark on any critic 's list .
1 As a long - standing Barbra fan , any posting like this will be biased . That aside , this film ranks as a classic . It has it 's flaws ( emphasized in other postings ) , but gives a glimpse of a time ( late 70s ) that will never be there again , and is fascinating to watch unfold on screen.<br /><br />Streisand fought hard to make this movie her own . I do n't think she was ever satisfied . But it gives her fans a new Barbra ( for the time ) with LIVE singing , a young fresh appearance , and some very heavy - duty acting.<br /><br />The story is rough , but exciting , and holds your interest throughout . The extended one frame " finale " is hard for most non - Barbra fans to sit through , but it speaks volumes to those who admire her talent.<br /><br / >
1 I saw this movie in the theater when it came out . I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to Arizona State and really enjoyed seeing locations where I spent so much time . I remember at the time thinking that Barbara 's venture into more of a rock sound ( actually R and B - to my ears ) was a successful one . I was never a fan of Kris 's singing until his last effort for New West . As a songwriter and an actor , though , he has serious chops , IMHO . I think it is a fine romance . I like it better than the Judy Garland version and never saw Selznick 's Janet Gaynor original . < br /><br />I do believe that they made some changes in this long - awaited DVD release . Among other things , I recall the helicopter shot which reveals a packed Sun Devil Stadium being longer and more dramatic . I wish they had done a better job writing music for Kris or God forbid , put some of his original songs in there . < br /><br />Along those lines I have some information from a primary source that says that the music was a problem for Kris and Barbara . While doing interviews for my own new music documentary , Rocking the Boat : A Musical Conversation and Journey , I interviewed Stephen Bruton , a fine singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris , Bonnie Raitt , and Delbert McClinton , among many others . Stephen was in " Speedway , " the John Norman character 's band . Kris was having a real hard time turning what was essentially a pop score into something that could pass for rock . Stephen was and is Kris 's friend and long time band member . There was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at Kris in Barbara 's presence . She remarked to the effect that the band should n't talk to him like that . Kris came right back to the effect that they were his friends and they WERE rock and roll ! In the end , Barbara came around and decided to use Kris 's band 's live performances in the movie and specifically sited Stephen 's role in making things work . I gained even greater respect for her as an artist upon hearing this story . Much is made of her as a diva . What she is is a pro . And I am not gay . Not that there is anything wrong with that .
1 Although Kris Kristofferson is good in this role , who would n't want to see Elvis Pressly instead ? With the drug addiction and the fall from supreme fame may have scared away Elvis ' agent to be apart of the movie , it was a mistake . This would have been a perfect movie for Elvis . Even though the soundtrack is far from terrific , Paul Williams and Barbra Streisand do a decent job in creating an original soundtrack for this " period " piece / musical . Somewhat of a love story , this is more of a drama about the fall from grace and the gift of redemption . Like is most tragedies , the hero of the story was die . Also , Gary Busey is once again perfect in a not so perfect role .
1 On the basis of the preview I 'd seen , I went to " Shower " expecting a sweet little comedy ; what I found was a profoundly touching drama of family life told in some of the most lush photographic images I 've ever been privileged to see . In addition , later reflection made me appreciate the abrupt cuts to scenes from the past ( in the arid countryside of Northern China , and in the high plain of Tibet ) : is n't this how memory often works ? One moment I 'm here , the next I 'm in a landscape from the past , just like that .... <br /><br />I would not only strongly recommend this film , I would place it among the two or three finest films I 've seen in my 60 years.<br /><br />By the way , a couple of years ago another Asian " comedy " was released in the United States as " Shall We Dance ? " ( Japanese ) . Just as with " Shower , " the preview gave not the slightest indication of the depth of that film , which turned out to be a subtle psychological study ( albeit chock full of funny moments ) . Is there a fear , on the part of distributors , of making films appear too " important " or " deep " to appeal to U. S. viewers ?
1 " Shower " is an story about loyalty , about the unstoppable advance of modern world in the detriment of rather traditional and more human ways of life . A man forced to choose between his successful career in business , his big - city life , his wife , and his retarded young brother . The eternal doubt between what we WANT to do and what we SHOULD do . The modern China versus the ancient one . The public baths with its gatherings , its cricket fights versus the shopping centres and the skyscraper . Lots of old men and women that are no longer needed . China , one country , two systems , as Xiao Ping said ... though one of them is killing the other . < br /><br />Tender , moving , full of funny moments , and of bitter - sweet ones . The sensitive ones will cry and laugh equally . The actors are enormous , especially the one who performs the role of the retarded boy ; and Yang Zhang makes a good job , easy , simple , letting the story just flow by itself.<br /><br />My rate : 8/10
1 This beautiful story of an elder son coming home , and learning to love and be a part of all those things that he left home to get away from , is poignant and moving . It shows a society that is perhaps strange to us in the Western world , with a sense of family that we have lost . The story is beautiful , sad , and at times funny and comic . It has a feeling of realism that we do n't seem to see any longer in our western movies.<br /><br />The acting is unusual , in that as the movie progresses , it almost gives the impression that it is not acting , but a documentary of ordinary people . This is brilliant directing and movie making.<br /><br />Would love to see more movies by this director .
1 This film is moving without being sentimental - meaningful without being pretentious . It tells a simple story of a family in danger of falling apart as the encroachments of technology and an advancing society make the family - run business increasingly untenable.<br /><br />The acting is wonderful - though none of us in the west are likely to have heard of these actors , we should have long ago - they play their characters with honesty and reverence - these are flawed characters , each with major weaknesses , but with such utter humanity and kindness that it 's impossible not to become engaged in the story.<br /><br />We need more films like this - we need more western filmmakers creating films such as this .
1 How powerful and captivating simple quality filmmaking can be . This film tells it 's tale with everyday scenes that manage to revel the poignancy hidden within . It 's true as others have stated , how this film really makes it glaringly obvious how lost Hollywood is in it 's special effects , overblown emotionalism and over the top climatic endings and have forgotten the essence of a meaningful story told with simple realism . So much of what these characters are going through is implied by the scene rather than spelled out in wordy dialogue . One aspect that I really enjoyed about the film was the contrast of the two brothers , one so very openly expressive in his childlike way and the other completely stoic but both able to evoke deep emotion . The older brother needed to say little , as he usually did , it was all there in that deadpan face of his ! Beautiful cinematography , wonderful acting , great direction ! Not to be missed !
1 This was a very enjoyable film . A humorous , but poignant look at family , and the obligations that come with it . The story of a man who comes home from his life in the city to his fathers bath house in a small Chinese village . There he learns to appreciate , even cherish the very things he left home to get away from . The film is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful .
1 Shower keeps within itself in so many ways . Almost all of the movie takes place in an old- time bathhouse , with the denizens supplying the humor , pathos , and emotional touches . The love and friendship between the proprietor and his retarded son is deep and moving . The way the older brother is drawn into this tiny world seems unforced and persuasive . The plot is meandering , full of surprises and ironies , and touched overall by a sense of what I 'd have to call neighborliness in the relations and conflicts of the performers . This is a film I pull out when I want to believe in the world again .
1 I LOVE this movie ! Beautifully funny and utterly believable characters . Each scene richer and more wonderful than the last . Every aspect of this movie is filled with wit and humour and love and depth . A complex and engrossing story , too . This movie is filled with love , humour , and intelligence . Totally great !
1 The key to the joy and beauty , the pain and sadness of life is our ability to accept that life basically is what it is so we do n't constantly struggle against that single compelling truth . In so doing , we find peace . Elegant in its simplicity but so hard for most of us to grasp.<br /><br />In this film , the director shows us this truth but allows us to discover it in our own way . This is a beautiful yet simple story , more of a fable , which is played very well . Watching the actors is more like being in a room with real people than it is just watching actors.<br /><br />I struggled with how to write a review of this fine film so others would be motivated to see it . I 'm at a loss . The story is about men in a bath house . Sounds like a real turn off , right ? But , nothing could be farther from the truth . The American title for this film is The Shower but that is almost an antithesis to a major thematic element in this film , which is the bath . I 'm still at a loss . Talking about the story or the characters will not do them justice.<br /><br />So , I 'll just tell you how much I enjoyed watching this movie and how touching and moving the experience was . I was also quite entertained . I cared deeply for the characters and I cared deeply about what happened to them . For any story , that is the highest form of praise.<br /><br />If you were moved by movies like The King Of Masks or Not One Less , then make sure you see The Shower . Netflix has it and the DVD video and sound quality are excellent . I watched it in the original lanquage with well done and well placed English subs.<br /><br / >
1 I happened on " Shower " in the foreign film section of my local video store and passed it over several times since from its cover it looked like a farce or comedy . I then lucked into a copy to purchase at economical price and am happy for my luck . " Shower " is the story of three(3 ) men , a father and two(2 ) adult sons , each coming to terms with life changes as the world around them also continues to change in modern China . As with many " foreign " films , the Chinese culture itself is one of the most interesting facets of this movie.<br /><br />Beyond the fascinating characteristics of the local , Chinese color giving the setting to this story , is the difficult yet touching relationships between the men and a sole woman involved in the story , all set against the backdrop of a village bathhouse.<br /><br />The family 's story moves from estrangement to understanding and made me glad I came to know these people . Added to the main story are the numerous small characters , bathhouse customers , and their individual conflicts and friendships . " Shower " is a film one walks away from smiling and touched by its warmth and humanity .
1 Expecting to see a " cute little film " from mainland China , I was ill - prepared . Family dynamics , community and the inevitability of change have rarely been explored so expertly on film . Every character is solid and I was completely drawn into the story . The organization is much more complex than American audiences will be accustomed to . Yet , there is no difficulty following the progression , even while reading subtitles . Jiang Wu , as the retarded brother , is a constant shining light . Leave your cynicism in your locker . It will be there when you check out .
1 I had the privilege to see this movie at the Intenational Film Festival of Rotterdam.<br /><br />'Xizhao ' or ' Shower ' is a $ 200.000 lowbudget movie about a father and his 2 sons . The father has a traditional bathhouse somewhere in a traditional Chinese village where local , mostly aged men , come to relax and to go bathing . The father has to sons : a ' retarded ' son who lives with him and a son who lives in a big modern city and who comes to visit him . To this son the traditional village , the bathhouse and his ' retarded ' brother seem strange and annoying , but this changes along the movie.<br /><br />Though the story may sound cheesy or cliche , it 's not . With really great performances , especially of the father and the ' retarded ' son ( sorry , I do n't know their names ) and a great story the movie was touching and funny at the same time.<br /><br />If you got a chance to see this movie do it . It 's a great alternative to mainstream Hollywood cinema.<br /><br / >
1 This movie took me by complete surprise . I watched it 2 or 3 times . I really liked this film . There were many truths this movie brought up . I love all the characters in this film as well . This movie makes a lot of sense because as society " becomes more advance " What does the culture loose ? Not to sound preachy . I can really relate to this movie from my child hood and loosing apart of my life that will never come back or ever been the same . This film is on my top 5 movies I have ever watched . There is just such a raw truth that I feel when I watch the movie and its not the kind of truth that you have to dig for its right in front of your face . The creators of this film did a great job and I enjoyed this movie very much . This movie may not be for every one but if you have an open mind I think you will love it .
1 Very different topic treated in this film . A straightforward and simple description of local Chinese customs , by looking at the daily operation of a public bath , run by the old owner and his retarded son , when older son returns home , wrongly believing his father has died . How every man in town makes his daily visit to chat , play games , discuss personal matters and get honest advice , besides the usual spa - like therapies . When old man dies , strong and loyal family ties make older son take charge , so public bath operation is not disrupted . And finally , the arrival of modernization to end this way of spending relaxed hours and getting along . The public bath has to be demolished , making place for a commercial complex to be constructed .
1 This movie is simply wonderful ! It 's got it all : laughter , sorrow , beauty , poetry , truth . All in a simple yet intense story -- like life ! You wo n't get distracted for a second.<br /><br />10/10<br /><br />P.S. Somebody tell Hollywood you need a good story to make a good movie , and there are so many good stories out there .
1 Have just seen the Australian premiere of Shower [ Xizhao ] at the Sydney Film Festival . The program notes said it was - A perfect delight -deftly made , touching , amusing , dramatic and poignantly meaningful . I could n't agree more . I just hope the rest of the Festival films come up to this standard of entertainment and I look forward to seeing more Chinese films planned to be shown in Sydney in the coming months .
1 Like another reviewer said , this movie is not a heavy melodrama , but it deals with harsh realities . A very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment . Some very good acting and some wonderful smiles as well .
1 For a movie with a plot like this I would normally smell " tearjerker " in the first ten minutes and turn it off , but this was very well made , with emotional subtleties , great acting , and some genuinely funny moments . It was also interesting to see a different culture - a vanishing one at that . My wife and I both dug it !
1 I found it highly interesting that the film actually managed to bridge the gap between my own american culture and that of the originators , i.e. chinese . It becomes a story about values , and causes the watcher to reevaluate their own choices in life , and loyalties toward institutions . Amazingly enough , it managed to do this in a gentle , mildly humorous manner , which only in retrospect seens threatening to one 's status quo . I enjoyed the movie , and would watch it again if I could .
1 This is a great story of family loyalty which , thankfully , does n't resort to the usual tricks ( or at least the ones I 'm used to seeing in American and European films ) of supersentimentality or high dramatic tension.<br /><br />It 's very watchable and very lovable . It has some beautiful cinematography , but does n't rely on that alone to entertain .
1 My choice for greatest movie ever used to be Laughton 's " Night of the Hunter " which remains superb in my canon . But , it may have been supplanted by " Shower " which is the most artistically Daoist movie I have seen . The way that caring for others is represented by the flowing of water , and the way that water can be made inspiration , and comfort , and cleansing , and etc . is the essence of the Dao . It is possible to argue that the the NOFTH and Shower themes are similar , and that Lillian Gish in the former represents the purest form of Christianity as the operators of the bathhouse represent the purest form of Daoism . I would not in any way argue against such an interpretation . Both movies are visual joys in their integration of idea and image . Yet , Shower presents such an unstylized view of the sacredness of everyday life that I give it the nod . I revere both .
1 Xizao is a rare little movie . It is simple and undemanding , and at the same time so rewarding in emotion and joy . The story is simple , and the theme of old and new clashing is wonderfully introduced in the first scenes . This theme is the essence of the movie , but it would have fallen flat if it was n't for the magnificent characters and the actors portraying them.<br /><br />The aging patriarch , Master Liu , is a relic of China 's pre - expansion days . He runs a bath house in an old neighbourhood . Every single scene set in the bath house is a source of jelaousy for us stressed out , unhappy people . Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting.<br /><br />Master Liu 's mentally handicapped son Er Ming is the second truly powerful character in the movie , coupled with his modern - life brother . The interactions between these three people , and the various visitors to the bath house , are amazingly detailed and heart - felt , with some scenes packing so much emotion it 's beyond almost everything seen in movies.<br /><br />With its regime - critical message , this movie was not only censored , but also given unreasonably small coverage . It could be a coincidence , but when a movie of this caliber is virtually impossible to find , even on the internet ( ! ) , you ca n't help getting suspicious.<br /><br />So help free speech and the movie world , buy , rent , copy this wonderful movie , and if you happen to own the DVD , if there even is one , then share share share !
1 " Xizao " , is the tale about the clash of modern life and ancient traditions , and its effects on a family in China . Da Ming ( Quanxiu Pu ) , is a businessman who returns home when a letter sent by his brother Er Ming ( Wu Jiang ) makes him believe that his father Liu ( Xu Zhu ) , has died . He founds that his father is still alive , as well as his old neighborhood and his father old business , the public bathroom.<br /><br />The movie centers around Da Ming 's family , and how he has to learn the importance of his father 's job , something he always had considered an old tradition that had to die soon . Also , the movie explores his relationship with Er Ming , who is mentally challenged , and the problems of the small community and how the bathroom is a place that purifies not only their bodies , but also their souls.<br /><br />The two main themes of the movie , the family and the problems of progress , are incredibly well handled , and the movie never loses the point it is trying to make , both themes are very good developed and we get a glimpse of Chinese society and customs.<br /><br />The director , Yang Zhang , tells his tale in a simple way , letting the characters characters do the job . It is a very simple approach , but it fits the movie perfectly , and I highly doubt that another style would fit the movie this good . Zhang has enormous potential , as he can tell a story without the aid of visual flare or camera tricks.<br /><br />The acting is outstanding in its naturalistic approach , everyone acts in a very natural way and it almost looks as if they were real persons being filmed . The three lead characters give remarkable performances , and Wu Jiang as Er Ming surely steals the show.<br /><br />Even when the movie could had sticked to a patronizing " old days were much better " message , instead it takes an attitude of equilibrium , like saying that progress is good , and we must move on , but we must not forget where we came from , and keep an equilibrium between modern life and the traditions of old.<br /><br />An awesome , and touching film . 8/10
1 Another outstanding foreign film which thoroughly trounces the never - ending crop of crud emanating from Hollywood ! This is a story of life and living . No , definitely not the perfect little life so often depicted in the totally artificial Hollywood movies but rather , the real life complete with real characters each with strengths and weaknesses just like real people in our lives and ourselves.<br /><br />The dynamics of all of these lives , intertwined within the walls of this bathhouse , and particularly its aged owner , are magnificent , heart touching and highly thought provoking.<br /><br />Sit back , relax , and be carried away into the simple and beautiful life . There is real wisdom to be learned in this movie if you only open yourself up to it.<br /><br />You will not be disappointed .
1 Almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in China . There are no fancy sets , explosion or glamorous people -- only fine writing , acting and direction ( Hollywood , take note!).<br /><br />An estranged son returns home when he believes his father is dying . He is surprised to see that Dad looks fine and is going about running the family business as usual . In fact , he notices that his father and his retarded brother have really forged a close and caring relationship and it soon becomes obvious that he is out of the loop ! Dad is very traditional and this visiting son is from the big city and does n't really see the value of the old bathhouse . How their relationship changes and where the plot goes from there is exceptional and believable.<br /><br />I was happy to see that not every Chinese movie is an action picture ( such as those starring Jet Li or Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon ) , as I do n't particularly care for these frenetic films . The Shower as well as Springtime In A Small Town are two wonderful examples of good Chinese films about PEOPLE !
1 This Chinese movie made me feel so many similarities with members of a culture I do n't belong and are far from . In an almost Buddhist approach , the film helps one to relate to each character , and to the happiness of doing the simple routine things.<br /><br / > All actors are brilliant , and Xu Hzu exudes kindness and wisdom , yet also vulnerable and mean . Er Min , the retarded brother , shows us that intelligence and wisdom are not equal , and that wisdom comes to and from the most disparate persons in this universe . A different China , this is far from the Chinese realism , yet , it has lots of humanity and realism of a different kind.<br /><br />Get it . You wo n't be disappointed .
1 This movie was an impressive one . My first experience with a foreign film , it was neither too long , nor too complex . I myself enjoyed the subtitles ; and the plot was surprisingly fresh . The story of an adult son visiting his elderly father and retarded brother after a long separation appeared cliched at first , but it proved to be very touching and realistic . There was also some subtle humor so as not to depress or bore the audience .
1 I like this film a lot . It has a wonderful chemistry between the actors and tells a story that is pretty universal , the story of the prodigal son . The aspect I like the best however was the way that the bath house was more than just a background for the story . As the father told the son the story of his wife 's family in the northern deserts of china , the element of water and bathing becomes an almost sacred ritual . Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.<br /><br />Overall the film was very effective . There were moments , however , when it verged on " too " sweet ... bordering on cloying during the park recital scene . But overall , I highly recommend this film .
1 This delighted audiences at a number of film festivals , and it is not hard to see why . Director Yang Zhang , with the help of some very nice work by the three principle actors , Xu Zhu as the father , Master Liu ; Quanxin Pu as the elder son , Da Ming ; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son , Er Ming , spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart.<br /><br />The film starts with a man taking a shower in an automated booth in the middle of Beijing . He puts some money in a slot , opens the door , takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned , steps into the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and squirts of water and soap as though he 's a car at the car wash . This is the future symbolically speaking , and the old bathhouse we will see in the next scene is the past . Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.<br /><br />Pollution ? Cultural revolution hang - over ? Industrialization blues ? No way . What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and love for one another , a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men . Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film . On the one hand , it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people . It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied . Yet there is the slightest sense that the good old ways are going to be replaced by something that may not be as good . I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to just let that be as it may . Tell a story about old men at the bathhouse where they get back rubs and massages , where they tell tall tales and reminisce about the good old days , where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage cricket fights , where the Master is a spry and wise old guy and his assistant is his son , who may be retarded or autistic , but who does his job with glee and an infectious spirit of fun and good will.<br /><br />Enter back on the scene the older son , Da Ming , who is polished , well groomed and taciturn . He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother . He represents modern China with his tie and his briefcase , his cell phone and his education . He has only returned because he thought his father was dying . When he sees that this is not true , he packs his bags and is set to return to his wife and his career . But then a crisis ensues and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural , people - centered life that his father and his brother have been living.<br /><br />And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new , and does so in such a charming manner that I will not object , especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed . One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he dovetails the subplots within the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends . The bathhouse regular who sings " O sole mio " in the bathhouse as the water showers down upon him , much to the delight of Er Ming , finds that he ca n't sing in public because of stage fright . Near the end of the film he loses his stage fright and sings thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming . And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because ... well , he tells a tale to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason . But Liu understands and again before the movie is over , husband and wife are reconciled.<br /><br />This kind of " happy ending " movie - making is unusual in today artistic and international films , or in almost any film directed at adults . Some happy endings are so contrived as to embarrass not only their contrivers but their audiences . And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended . Here however the audience is delighted.<br /><br />See this especially for the comedic performance by Wu Jiang whose warm effervescence overcomes any handicap his character may have .
1 My favorite part of this film was the old man 's attempt to cure his neighbor 's ills by putting the strong medicine in his bath . There is more than a sense of family , there is a sense of community .
1 No awards show can please all the people . Clearly if your favorite movies did n't win , you will say the show was n't very good . That 's understandable.<br /><br />However , the 74th Annual Academy Awards will be remembered for one magical moment of Hollywood history:<br /><br />Woody Allen 's first appearance ever at the Academy Awards.<br /><br />Allen has often shunned the awards as being self - aggrandizing and pointless , and has never attended -- even though he has won several of the coveted awards.<br /><br />When the 74th Academy Awards were held , the nation was still mourning the loss of life in the collapse of the World Trade Centers in New York . When it came time to pay tribute to the city of New York , they decided to show a video of the great movie moments form the city of cities . Then the announcer simply said:<br /><br />"Ladies and gentleman , Oscar Award winning Director Woody Allen." < br /><br />The place erupted in an extremely long standing ovation . The entertainment industry finally got to give their applause to the Man from New York who usually avoids the Hollywood scene . As the applause died down , Woody applied some of his legendary wit to the situation.<br /><br />SOME HIGHLIGHTS:<br /><br />"Thank you very much - that makes up for the strip search." < br /><br />"I thought they wanted their Oscars back , " he joked . " I panicked because the pawn shop has been out of business for ages and I had no way of retrieving anything . " < br /><br />"But that was n't it . I could n't work it out because my movie was n't nominated for anything this year . Then it hit me - maybe they were calling to apologise." < br /><br />Allen also disclosed why he had overlooked his lifelong Oscar - aversion for this one special night.<br /><br />"For New York City , I 'd do anything . So I got my tux on and came down here , " said Allen.<br /><br />"It 's a great , great movie town . It 's been a great , moving and exciting backdrop for movies and it remains a great , great city." < br /><br / >
1 The 74th Oscars was a very good one . Whoopi 's work as EmCee was very funny , and light . I personally loved her last apperance , which garnered some frigid reviews due to coarse language and salacious jokes , but that 's fine . The audience seemed to like it . Halle Berry , Denzel Washington , Ron Howard , Woody Allen , and Sidney Poitier made this an Oscar telecast to remember.<br /><br / >
1 The events of the 11th of September 2001 cast its shadow on this Oscar award ceremony with a one minute silence before the in memoriam montage and there was little in the way of the all singing all dancing comedy extravaganza that we`d come to expect of this award show but this was by no means a bad thing . Entertainment was more or less curtailed to a LOTR send up with Ben Stiller and Owen Wilson and that was it . The rest of the show was taken up with clips from the nominations and I have to admit this was actually more enjoyable than the overblown song and dance numbers we`ve seen over the years and Whoopi Goldberg was by no means a bad presenter unlike the very esoteric David Letterman from a few years ago and the one minute silence for the victims of 9/11 was haunting and dignified < br /><br />As for the awards New Zealand was absolutely robbed . FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING went home with four minor awards while A BEAUTIFUL MIND undeservingly picked up most of the major prizes except for best actor which should have gone to a tough guy New Zealander but went to an An all American nice guy instead . The only Oscar awards I agreed with apart from the ones presented to FELLOWSHIP were the awards for best supporting actress and best supporting actor , both correct calls .
1 OK , so the Oscars seem to get hyped just a little more each year . And I was rooting for " Gosford Park " to win ( come on , Robert Altman had deserved an Oscar for years ! ) . That said , I guess that it was high time for an African - American to win Best Actress . Contrary to the previous reviewer , Halle Berry 's role in " Monster 's Ball " was far more original than Nicole Kidman 's in " Moulin Rouge " ; I never would have thought to nominate the latter for anything , especially in a year that saw " Mulholland Dr.".<br /><br />Among the things that I had predicted was the stuff about the September 11 attacks ; I knew that they were going to say something about freedom . Yeah , yeah . Robert Redford should know better . But contrary again to the previous reviewer , Whoopi Goldberg is not the worst host ( among the past hosts was Bob Hope , for whom I have no respect ) ; I really liked her jab at John Ashcroft.<br /><br />So , although I would n't have given " A Beautiful Mind " Best Picture , " The 74th Annual Academy Awards " still pleased me ( I have to admit , I enjoy the Oscars more than my own birthday ) . And the day after , as my parents and I were hiking around the dwellings in Bandalier , New Mexico - it was spring break - I was thinking to myself that when Jim Broadbent won his Oscar , that most people watching were asking " Jim who ? ! " I wonder whether or not Woody Allen will ever attend the Oscars again .
1 TO all of y all who think 1.This was a boring telecast 2.Halle berry and denzel Washington did not deserve their Oscars < br /><br />SHUT THE F**k UP ! ! This was one of the best Academy awards show because 1.It was a moment in history to have a black yes " Black actress " win an academy award for Best actress so many of our black sisters have been ignored by the academy for many years . To be honest I had stop watching the academy awards because of a lack of diversity in either the winners or nominees . To me it was nothing but a bunch of white people patting each other in the back.the academy had many chances to vote black actresses that were brilliant in movies eg Alfre Woodard , Whoopi Goldberg , Diana Ross , Mary jean Babtise , but it did not 2.Halle berry deserved that Oscar no competition the academy was under pressure to vote for her so long have deserving actresses been ignored by the academy the majority of which is comprised of white voters yeah yeah Nicole kidman sang very prettily in muling rouge!but it was time black people were accommodated in these awards shows . As for Mr Washington the academy owed him big time after that unfair loss for MalcomX.To all of you who think race is not an issue"probably white people"in the movie industry , well it is many of the most talented black actresses around have either been reduced to stereo typical made by white people roles of what they think is a black women or are not existence"Angela basset " . I do not expect many of the white people to understand any of this because they never had to deal with any of it . Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it
1 Whoopi was the only reason I watched the Oscars that year . She is hilarious . Of course there was a major serious side to the show . She was great not only because she 's funny , but because she said some things that needed to be said in a public forum . White folks need to be reminded that Hollywood awards ' ceremonies , employment , and representation are WAY out of balance racially . There should be no need for " black " awards shows . The white - bread , milquetoast nominators and judges need to bring their heads into the sunshine and see that great material is not limited to " white " directors , producers , actors , etc . Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste . He had no business being there . The fact of the matter is , this is the first Oscar presentation I 've watched since " The Color Purple " was up for awards . That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002 . Which is not to denigrate other presenters . Billy Crystal is a riot .
1 Extremely tense thriller set in the urban chaos of São Paulo , the biggest and ugliest third world nightmare in Brazilian urbania . For the sake of making it easy for anyone who is curious about this intriguing and truly well made film , it has the grit of Mexican feature " Amores Perros " with a character not too far off Max Cady , from both Cape Fears , although this is not , by any means , a film about a psychopath . Two partners ( Alexandre Borges and Marco Ricca ) in a construction company pay hitman Anisio ( Miklos ) to off their third partner ( and majority share holder ) in said construction outfit . The murder is blamed on the city , but things begin to look very grim indeed when witty and charismatic walking nightmare Anisio decides he wants to be around the ever so nervous partners in crime , not only trespassing but , more importantly , deconstructing the strict social codes that make up Brazilian society . Anisio turns poverty into an attitude and he wants in . The look is almost entirely handheld , grainy , the performances outstanding throughout , especially so as first time actor ( and member of classic Brazilian pop band ' Titãs ' ) , Paulo Miklos , dazzles and baffles the viewer with his pretty funny social terror.<br /><br />I saw the film at the Brasília film Fest in November 2001 . It has since done very well in Sundance and Berlin . Kleber Mendonça Filho
1 My short comment for this flick is go pick it up . Chances are you are going to be positively surprised by a diversity of elements superbly explored in this criminal thriller . There is no way the character of Miklos , claiming and pushing for room in every way possible , wo nt push your nerves to the edge ... 2 thumbs up !
1 IVAN ( Marco Ricca ) and GILBERTO ( Alexandre Borges ) are partners in a company together with ESTEVÃO ( George Freire ) , but the first ones contract a professional killer , ANISIO , to murder ESTEVÃO ( the plot , at least at the beginning , does n't explain very well why ) . The guy does it and after receiving his money he starts blackmailing the two partners , appearing in their company and saying he wants a job there ( as supervisor or something … ) . At the same time he meets MARINA ( Mariana Ximenes ) , daughter of ESTEVÃO , and starts dating with her ! < br /><br />In a story like this , where crime , corruption , betrayal and blackmail go hand in hand , no one is innocent or can be victimized , exception made to MARINA , which is the only person who does n't know what 's going on and did n't betray anyone …  < br /><br />This film portrays with sarcasm the sad and cruel reality which exists in big metropolis like São Paulo , where crime is every day 's presence . We can feel irony but also veracity in characters like ANISIO ( brilliantly played by Paulo Miklos ) , which does blackmail to the guys who paid him without any scruples , and even flirts with the daughter of the guy he killed ! He really must be a monster to do something like that , but of course I know there 're people like him out there , in Brazil or any other place …  < br /><br />It 's a very good movie , cruel but truthful , about a sad reality …  The acting is great and the soundtrack too .
1 The three main characters are very well portrayed , especially Anisio by rock musician turned into first time actor Paulo Miklos . He is extremely convincing as the lower class trespasser / invader . The film shows very well the snowball effect of getting involved in ever more shady business , the contrast and similarities between the lower and higher classes . How everyone gets carried away by greed and ambition . 9 - 9,5 out of 10 .
1 Here in Brazil is very rare to see a good Brazilian film , and Brant´s new film is exactly one of these jewel . There are some flaws in the film , of course , but they are very minimal . The directing and acting in this film are very good!<br /><br />Can´t wait to see another Brant´s new film !
1 After watching this film last night on Sundance , I realized that much of Nakata 's style was first done in this film . Here we have many of the same elements of the RINGU series , especially the idea of the media being the source of the supernatural . Instead of the cursed videotape , we instead having a haunted studio and strange images appearing on film . In fact , the strange images appearing on film brings immediately the cursed videotape in RINGU to mind . The only thing missing was the obsession to water that runs through Nakata 's later films . The final scenes are quite chilling , with a bit of a nod to Murnau , what with the door opening by itself ands the ghost entering the room , reminds me immediatly of < br /><br />NOSFERATU . A chilling movie that will make think twice about going up to a catwalk .
1 this movie is practically impossible to describe . the alternate title " Do n't Look Up " is a lot more descriptive . Like most Japanese cinema , the story is not as linear as American . The story revolves around a director who is filming a story about a ww2 deserter . The set is haunted ( ? ) by an actress who died ( ? ) during the filming of a tv show back in the 60s . the director is the ONLY one who saw this show . if you have seen Ringu ( the director Hideo Nakata is the same ) and liked it , you 'll like ghost actress . i loved ghost actress a lot more than ringu . a truly scary and disturbing movie . a 10 !
1 I really enjoyed this debut by Ring director , Hideo Nakata . If you 've seen Ring beforehand then you 'll be familiar with the style and idea of this flick . It 's got a subtle spookiness about it that works better than the constant ( and predictable ) stingers that infest most mainstream movies of this genre . If you like films that give you the chills , then you will probably like this one . A good , creepy debut by Hideo Nakata . 8/10
1 Not on the same level as Ring ( or Ring 2 ) but still a good Japanese horror flick nonetheless . I wish North American horror producers would take a page out of the Japanese horror template and put more ' spookiness ' and less cheap shocks in their flicks . Lots of good examples in this one , scenes where a whited out face is scene staring behind a young actress , photographs on a wall are suddenly glimpsed smiling , just for a second , and more . Worth checking out if you like the genre .
1 For his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments . In the best horror film fashion the pit of your stomach tightens every moment during this film . The ending is superb . The makers of Blaire Witch obviously watched this film it 's ending was n't an end but a beginning of the end . A great movie and only a piece of Japan 's great as far as scare factor a perfect score it makes you think and scared out of your mind .
1 Before the regular comments , my main curiosity about THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is that while there 's a running time listed on IMDb of 94 minutes , the DVD from Wellspring Media in the United States runs 88 minutes . Any input on this is appreciated!<br /><br />Two friends with very rough lives take on the road for an adventure . What they wind up in is just that , with one accidentally shooting a girl and the two escaping by foot into the countryside . Rather than just a big chase , the film is complicated by the the daft and rather childlike Spike behaving inappropriately , and clutching his boom box like a teddy bear . Some viewers may dislike the story based solely upon the character Spike , but without a bit of frustration added to the story , the film would have been too easy . You 'll notice the way the more stable character Heaton refers to Spike as " big man " in contrast to Spike 's " kid out of control " attitude and behavior . Frankly , I too was aggravated by Spike 's ridiculous actions , especially the spray can sniffing , but in a desperate situation it 's apparent someone of his mentality would choose an temporary escape . But , Heaton was there to keep things in check up until things get way over his head as well.<br /><br />Kenny Glenaan as Heaton is a marvel , and after a while I quit wondering why in the heck he would want to pick Spike up from prison and continue a friendship , due to Glenaan 's great performance . After all , there are many many reasons during their run that would be a good idea for Heaton to just ditch Spike and try to save himself . I suppose Heaton felt like a protective older brother to Spike , and the loyalty between the two is hard to break -- until things get too desperate.<br /><br />While some of the cinematography is indeed artsy , it does offer more flavor to story instead of just shots of the men running through the wilderness . The beautiful landscapes , rain , and vast gray skies offer a somber tone that increases the feel of the tragic circumstances . The score is unusual as well , and the use of Public Image Ltd. 's song " This Is Not A Love Song " and as the title of the film is quite smart.<br /><br />Overall , it 's understandable if you do n't care for THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG as it 's focused on two contrasting personalities escaping from another man determined to hunt them down ( played by a cool , quiet David Bradley ) . It 's not big - budget action entertainment . For the rest of us that enjoy seeking out something minimal and dramatic , it 's time worthwhile spent , and it DOES offer some extremely tense moments that have you holding your breath a bit.<br /><br />I'm really enjoying the films coming out of Scotland recently , with the likes of this one , Dog Soldiers , and The Devil 's Tattoo . I 'm also a bit thankful for the subtitles offered on this DVD , as the accents are sometimes lightning fast and difficult for some viewers like me to understand . < br /><br />Frustrating , dark , and often tense , THIS IS NOT A LOVE SONG is very tragic yet engrossing storytelling.<br /><br / >
1 " This Is Not A Love Song " is a brilliant example of the chase genre , which many people think has an underlying meaning . The love between the two main characters may be more than fraternal . I believe that Heaton is in love with Spike , but Spike is too naive to see this.<br /><br />I really feel this is portrayed with such scenes as the blow back and letter writing sequences . Heaton shows great intimacy towards Spike . With intense facial expressions and how he takes great care in writing Spike 's name on the top of his letters.<br /><br />One thing I 've noticed when looking at external reviews , is that when the film has been slated , the reviewer seems to have not fully understood the film , as they have n't even mentioned the possibility of Heaton having sexual feelings for Spike . I also get the feeling that some of the reviewers have n't recognised it , when they use phrases like : " Who is Heaton ? What 's he doing with a retard like Spike ? " This person , however may have hit the nail on the head with their remark . Spike shows noticeable signs of having A.D.D , although I do n't think this person has realised this , as he seems to be using the word " retard " as a derogatory term.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this film . Although it is not for the faint hearted . The film is exceedingly character based , after the shooting until the end there is n't much but dialogue between the two anti - heroes . Unless you are used to watching such deep , gritty films , stay well away .
1 A suspenseful thriller that bears some resemblance to Deliverance as for scenery and setting . There are also some very innovatively shot scenes and good music , although the daftness and sometimes seemingly careless attitude of one of the characters is unfitting to the situation , although this is not a mayor problem . It also poses interesting questions about justness of revenge and limits of friendship.<br /><br / >
1 Some have compared this film to Deliverance . I believe Of Mice and Men is more appropriate . Our leading man , Heaton , definitely loves Spike . It is irrelevant and immaterial whether that is a sexual love . It is the reason Heaton does not leave Spike . He needs him . They need each other . As brothers , as family , as their only connection to humanity . The setting , scenario , minimal cast all add up to a fine film . Frankly , I did not care what happened to the characters . But , I did care about what the film maker did with them . He did well with them . I spent some time wondering how the ending would resemble Of Mice and Men . The soundtrack and cinematography were compelling and intriguing .
1 Personally I could n't get into ' This is Not a Love Song ' , its a brilliant film and there 's a great story line to it , I just found myself checking the time on my phone every two minuets to see how much was left of the film.<br /><br />I love the relationship between Spike and Heaton , there that close they depend on each other to get along in life . At the same time I wish the relationship was more than what it is . Heaton is in love with spike , but Spike Ibsen't in love with Heaton , or he does n't know how to love him . The acts of betrayal , on both parts , have a big effect on the two men . They are both devastated by the fact that the other ran away and abandoned them , at a time when they truly needed each other for survival .
1 i think the team behind this film did a very good job with the limitations they had . only £ 300,000 and 7 weeks to write , film and edit the whole thing which i think is an achievement in itself . although this film is not for the masses ( as a young innocent teenage girl is killed and there is homo - eroticism involved in the story ) i think that this film is a heart wrenching tragedy and the more deeply involved you get in the story , the more sadness you feel . more so towards Heaton because of the love he feels but is not returned.<br /><br />this is one of my favourite British films that i enjoyed very much and would watch again . i think that it 's a shame that is film is not very well heard of at all .
1 I am currently doing film studies at A.S level and " this is not a love song " is a film we watched and in my opinion it is a film with a very simple storyline but a complex back - story . If you scratch the surface you will find a thriller - chase film of two men running through the countryside from farmers , after committing a murder:-"sounds quite exiting".<br /><br />However you need to dig deeper to uncover the true feeling of the true genre . As it is suggested , it is a love story between two homosexual lovers , filled with trust , deceit and betrayal . We are not told about this " love " directly through the film but the events that happen through out , for example the way Heaton acts towards Spike almost screams this untouched love affair in our faces.<br /><br />Overall this film is a good example of why British films should not be dismissed as " rubbish " just because they are done on a low budget.<br /><br />A Good film with an intricate story line , however it is definitely an acquired taste and is possibly not suitable for the average fan of Hollywood blockbusters .
1 This is a film that the mainstream market will probably never be able to access as it does n't exactly give the viewer easy watching . The story about troubled Spike and his friend Heaton is not exactly a Friday night film yet it has its own unique edge and I found that it was entertaining . There are moments of brilliance given that the film was shot on such a low budget , such as when Spike inhales the aerosol . However I did not really understand the relationship between Spike and Heaton and to be honest it made me spend most of the film trying to work it out . And also I did not like the fact that most of the film is spent with the two friends talking and not really much " action " . It is a small film that is complex to watch and that is what makes it appealing .
1 I found this very touching as Spike and Heaton stay together all the way through this film not to say there is n't a few betrayals along the way . I thought the chase was put aside the relationship between the two was foreground I think . I had already guessed that there were so gay intentions on the part of Heaton . My favourite scene had to be the bit where Heaton and Spike were stuck in the marsh and Spike runs off I generally thought Spike was n't coming back . I have to say that if it was n't for our film studies teacher making us watch this I would have probably never seen it . Overall I thought this film was pretty good and I would recommend it to any person who is a fan of British made films .
1 It is n't always easy to explain what a movie is like , but this time I think I 've found it . It reminded me of two movies : Trainspotting ( small time criminals scoring some drugs and doing some stupid things in Schotland ) and The Blair Witch Project ( because of the style of filming).<br /><br />It 's about the loyalty between two friends , one of them is coming out of jail , the other one has n't been caught yet . With a stolen vehicle they drive through the Scottish countryside but than run out of petrol . As they try to find some fuel , they find a farm in the middle of nowhere . The farmer thinks they want to rob him and points a gun at one of them . Than it all goes wrong . One of the friends accidentally shoots the farmer 's daughter and they have to run . What follows is a man hunt through the fields and woods of Schotland . The two friends literally have to run for their lives.<br /><br />Apparently this movie was shot in only 12 days time . OK , that 's not exactly unbelievable because the biggest part of it is always in the same place : the Scottish countryside , but I still find that quite amazing . Especially because this is n't actually a bad movie . It 's perhaps not the greatest movie ever , but they still can be proud of what they achieved . I had a nice time watching it and overall I enjoyed the movie . I give it a 7/10 .
1 This is Not a Love Song.<br /><br />My one word summary of this film would be ` Excellent'.<br /><br />It probably wo n't appeal to the mass movie watching public – it 's a < br /><br />film that forces you to participate . You observe , think , and question.<br /><br />Comparisons could be made with Deliverance ( Topic / Theme ) and < br /><br />perhaps with The Blair Witch Project for overall filming style.<br /><br />However this film stands unique against both.<br /><br />The cinematography effects ( solarisation , freeze frame , blur etc)<br /><br />have been seen before but they are used most effectively in this < br /><br />film to underpin the natural tension of the story.<br /><br />Acting is raw , menacing and utterly believable.<br /><br />The real theme of the film is about friendship ; the title really gives < br /><br />the game away . It 's probably not the kind of friendship that most of < br /><br />us have experienced or indeed would want to.<br /><br />It is a love song .
1 What a fun filled , sexy movie ! They certainly do n't make them like this anymore . 4 sexy au pairs arrive in London and have all sorts of sexual misadventures . The tone is oddly innocent , as the considerable nudity evolves out of stock farcical situations , rather than any overt sexual desire on the part of the characters . It is only when the actresses accidentally lose their clothes that the male characters become rampant . Richard O ' Sullivan literally gets ' Randi'(sic ) . The film certainly betrays the origins of the softcore feature as lying in the nudie cuties and naturism films of the old school . My special interest in ' Au Pair Girls ' is that I am a huge fan of Gabrielle Drake . If any actress has ever looked better naked ( she 's slim but wonderfully curvy ) , or clothed , come to that ( I 've loved her since the original run of UFO - who else could carry off a purple wig ! ) , I 'll eat my hat .
1 This film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever . Ever . But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest . The horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless . I bought the movie whilst sifting through the bargain DVD 's at my local pound shop . Me and some friends then watched it , admittedly whilst rather drunk . It soon occurred that this was n't any normal film . Instead a priceless relic of what will probably be James Cahill 's last film . At first we were confused and were screaming for the DVD player to be turned off but thankfully in our abnormal state no - one could be bothered . Instead we watched the film right through . At the end we soon realised we had found any wasters dream , something that you can acceptably laugh at for hours , whilst laughing for all the wrong reasons . We soon showed all our other friends and they too agreed , this was n't a work of abysmal film . This was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at . This was a film that anyone can enjoy . This was genius .
1 wow ! this is a good movie ! The acting was n't good at all , but if you look at some moments in the film , rewind , and watch it again , it is genius ! The man in the begin of the film walks with his suitcase against a three . WOW!I never expected that . Then he puts the coke in a suitcase and runs away . I bet that smoking guy against that three was one of his mates who sold the drugs later . And the genius quotes : ' ' nice shades , i need a pair '' ' ' their yours .. if you think you can take them .. '' .. just Brilliant ! And the fighting is the best i 've seen in a while . Look at the second guy he takes down after he hit the head of the first guy against the table . WHAT A HIT ! And in the middle of the film , one guy in a car shot one time , then 3 guys fall , he is really good at aiming . It costs a lot of money to hire these guys like him . The end was brilliant , it was so exciting that james cahill walks 5 minutes up and down the stairs and shoot jason peters after his distraction moves . Jason Peters falls down , and roll over again while he is dead ! I ca n't say with more words how great this movie is !
1 where would one start a review of the film Snitch'd ? James Cahill , god rest his soul , made one of the most daring insights into the human psyche since Encino Man . his beautiful story unravels around a drug squad cop McClure , which is a name synonymous with a character from the simpsons who also happens to be an actor ! said cop delves deep into the underworld that is high school drug taking , and discovers a gang war to rival that of Police Academy 1 , and i mean the one where Jones is racially vilified by his new partner , but manages to come out with some of the funniest sounds you will EVER HEAR.<br /><br />Cahill 's grasp of effects , both visual and aural is electrifying , the slight pause between action on screen and from the speakers adds to the drama that is snitch'd , a real gritty like underground thriller . also , kudos to his brilliant use of makeup , such as the supremely convincing burn marks a gang member suffers in his showdown with an indoor barbecue ! YUCK ! i feel the world of film is much less from James ' passing , his memory will linger on and on and on , reborn with every passing mention of his flagship production , Snitch'd . his insightful director 's commentary released a coke - hit up the nose of any discerning film goer , truly appropriate with the harsh reality that is life on the streets , captured in all the beauty of a roughneck punk knocking over a rubbish bin in a brawl.<br /><br />but i ask you , why did the big bosses swimming pool look so cheap ? i 'll tell you why , because that s life in Santa Ana baby , its not all drive bys and hastily constructed principle 's offices , oh no . there are some folk who must infiltrate the soft , tattooed underbelly of street life in LA to kick their way through in moves that would not seem out of place at a School For Special Children 's production of Double Dragon : The Play.<br /><br />the only qualm i have with this film , is that there was never a sequel made . come on Steven Spielberg , come on George Lucas , come on guy that made revenge of the nerds 1 through 23 , how hard could it be to step it up a notch and pay tribute to this great man , James Cahill.<br /><br />he discovered Eva Longoria you know . oh yeah , that he did.<br /><br />Jonah
1 One of the most provocative films ever with excellent cinematography backed up by Mc Clarens lisp and stunning quote " do you believe in love at first site?".<br /><br />A trace of expressionism was evident in this picture , further catapulting the films flawless integrity . Gabby ( AKA Joey ) played by Eva Longoria clearly loved the movie and role she played so much that she could n't even be bothered giving it mention in her filmography . Lol.<br /><br />the best part of the movie would have to be without a doubt , the heroic rescue by MC clure as he saved the young ' Handicapped ' kid with the speech impediment .. Which i may add was acted to perfection ! James Cahiil 's use of sound effects is unmatched even to this day . The drug bust he performs early in the film is pain stakingly realistic . When i watched this movie for the first time i was so compelled with the intense lack of respect for the Gang Inthused brothers from the Southside gang and the CTM ( Cut Throat Mafia ) . This was by far one of the most encapsulating crevice Cahill has committed to filming.<br /><br />Personally this film holds sentimental value to me and i will be downloading it in the near future . That s if i can find it anywhere , LOL !
1 OK where do i begin ? ... This movie changed my life ! The plot was seamless . James Cahill has out done himself . Initially after a first viewing i was disappointed that i had n't seen it on the silver screen . However this was before exploring the DVD 's many features ! ! ! ! Oh my god Jakes Cahill 's commentary of the film was almost as flawless as his acting . he told of industry secrets used in the film that you only get with experience.<br /><br />I was so impressed by the other actors . The scene where the security guard is talking to the girl in the hallway , reminded me of some of my favorite blue ( pornographic ) movies . I am certainly with Gangsta when he expresses his disappointment with no sequel.<br /><br />I am still blown away with each viewing of the martial arts skills involved , matched only by the sign indicating the location of the library at the school ... and possibly the guy playing a retard ! All in all a timeless classic and the best film to come out of Europe in years ! where my Oscars at dawn ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 If you have n't seen Eva Longoria from the TV show " Desperate House Wives " then you are missing out . Eva is going to be one of the biggest Latina stars and you 'll be seeing her in the theaters soon . This was Eva 's first film and she does a fantastic job acting . She was 24 when she shot it , and looked hot then . As for this low budget film , it 's pretty good for the first time director , who has another soon to be released movie " Juarez , Mexico " currently playing at many film festivals across the United States . In fact , it appears that it may have a limited theatrical release from some news . What would be nice to see is a " Snitch'2 " with a higher budget .
1 For a low budget project , the Film was a success . The story is interesting , and the actors were convincing . Eva Longoria , who now stars on the TV Show " Dragnet , " is sexier than ever . The locations were ideal for the ganster plot , and the director shows his talent by taking on many roles for his project . Of course this low budget film could use better editing transitions and more special effects for the gun scenes , but the music keeps this script moving . Although this film has it 's share of problems , such as continuity , I must say that I would rent the director 's next movie . If your a film student , you could learn a few things from the director 's commentary .
1 I first saw this film over 25 years ago on British TV and have only just caught up with it again last week on a DVD copy bought off ebay . I had remembered the musical sequences , the colour and the gorgeous fashion plate poses and clothes but the plot is weaker than the earlier Anna Neagle / Michael Wilding film Spring in Park Lane and Maytime does n't stand up so well to the passage of the years . But Michael Wilding is a joy in the film , charming , funny , debonair , appears to be having great fun and on top of his form . Worth watching for him alone . Anna Neagle appears a little matronly beside him , and a little too old for the part she plays but by the end of the 1940 's their film partnership was well established with the cinema going public . Spring in Park Lane had been a top hit for 1947 and a big money maker . In his autobiography Wilding wrote at length of his great regard for Herbert Wilcox the director and instigator of this London series of films .
1 This film could be one of the most underrated film of Bollywood history . This 1994 blockbuster had all of it good performances , music and direction . I remember I was in Allahabad when this movie was running and it was somewhere in March at Holi time , the people there were playing its song " Ooe Amma " at their loudspeakers in highest volume . If someone who likes to watch Some Like It Hot and drools over Marilyn Monroe he should see this movie . Thumbs Up to Govinda . How many of you know that this film was shot in South of India and after Sholay could be one of the very few blockbuter to hit Silver Screen . With films like these Indian comedy could never be dead .
1 This was my first introduction to the world of Bollywood and I 'm now hooked ! Okay so it requires adoption of a different mindset to watching US films but once you allow yourself the pleasure of enjoying it for what it is you wo n't be disappointed . The songs are superb , melodic and very catchy . The actors are visually compelling especially Karisma Kapoor who is surely one of the most beautiful actresses anywhere in the film world . Locations , colour are spellbinding . If you want something different and are looking to be uplifted , cheered up and stimulated I recommend you catch this movie .
1 This is one of my favorite Govinda movies of all time and best film of 1994 . David Dhawan does a great job in directing this movie , he makes it funny and adds family drama . Govinda is Excellent as Raja Babu and gives a great performance . Karishma Kapoor is an actress i hate , this film she is a little less annoying but still annoys in some scenes . Kader Khan is a maestro in acting and yet gives a superb performance . Aroona Irani is terrific as the mother and gives a outstanding performance . Shakti Kapoor is brilliant as Nandu the sidekick . This film has Comedy , action , family drama and romance a full on entertainer .
1 well i was a teenager when i saw the movie .. the songs were a huge hit but the elite class skipped govinda movies back then coz watching govinda and karishma ( aka karizma ) movies were not the in thing for that ' class ' but anyways a lot of people liked it as the series of these movies rocked the 90 's through out and most of them were successful .. today i was watching it again after a long time and i remembered , there was a long que of people and the riot they created when the a aa e uo uo o song came on screen .... the dresses of govinda and karishma were complimentary to each other(the worst dressing duo of that time ) well karisma in the late 90 's transformed but govinda has still been very faithful to his designer as his dress sense remains the same ... but back then it all blended it was all good .. everything worked and slowly the elite class realized what fun it was missing and then ..... there was no looking back for this jodi as it went on n on making those Indian carry on series .. hated by a few but loved by the masses.<br /><br />if you are looking for a good time with nothing to do rent it or watch it on TV i do n't think you will regret it ... but remember its the worst at its best .. < br /><br />still i watch those movies when i get time coz i ca nt stop laughing ... so i say go ahead and have a good time as there are times when we all love stupidity and specially when its done by the kings of their times it surely is watchable ... i recommend it to all movie lovers ...
1 Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already . ' Raja Babu ' is one of my most favorite characters . I just love the concept of a spoiled brat with a 24 * 7 servant on his motorcycle . Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc . I love the scene when a stone cracks in Kader khans mouth while eating . Also where Shakti Kapoor narrates a corny story of Raja Babu 's affairs on a dinner table and Govinda wearing ' dharam - veer ' uniform makes sentimental remarks . That s my favorite scene of the film . ' Achcha Pitaji To Main Chalta Hoon ' scene is just chemistry between two great Indian actors doing a comical scene with no dialogs . Its brilliant . It 's a cat mouse film . Just watch these actors helping each other and still taking away the scene from each other . Its total entertainment . If you like Govinda and Kader Khan chemistry then its a must . I think RB is 6th in my list by David Dhawan . ' Deewana Mastana ' , ' Ankhein','Shola or Shabnam ' , ' Swarg ' , Coolie no 1 ' precedes this gem of a film . 7/10 .
1 Camp with a capital C. Think of Mask and the Ace Ventura movies -- then multiply by 100 . This laugh - a - minute entertainer takes schlock to the level of high art . David Dhawan is a genius and Govinda is beyond description . See it over and over again . I insist .
1 I own Ralph Bakshis forgotten masterpiece Fire & Ice on an old OOP rental videotape.<br /><br / > Well for one thing , this is better than any other Conan - esque film you 'll ever see . Sure , it 's cheesy , but who cares ? It stood the test of time , and the only way it started to look cheesy is in comparisons to modern fantasy epics like LOTR : FOTR ( though I love that film.)<br /><br / > The plot goes like this : After a battle between Fire & Ice , a kings daughter is kidnapped by Jarols ( Ice ) subhuman creatures , while a sole survivor of a victimized village rescues her.<br /><br / > Yeah it does n't sound as a original as Nurse Betty , but that 's not the point . It is really to bring to life an interesting idea of a world of two enemies : Fire & Ice . And it succeeds.<br /><br / > As for the action scenes : superb . They are well handled , have terrific suspence , and have plenty of loud noises . Just check out the climatic battle , now THAT 'S an ending!<br /><br / > The acting and dialogue : competent . Really . They are n't gon na be nominated for an Oscar , but they are OK and do n't get on your nerves.<br /><br / > The animation is quite good . Shot on 3D and rotoscoped ( I THINK ) , it looks pretty good . A lot of the backgrounds look really detailed and well drawn , and although the character designs feel a little 1-dimentional , they are OK.<br /><br / > Overall , this is a fine neglected little gem and will entertain you more than any of the superfical " entertainment " . 10/10
1 When I saw this animation for first time ( I was 15 maybe ) I was really impressed ! It has completely different style compared to the japan animation and i kinda like it more . Tho whole impression of the movie is more sinister and dark ... The colors are not that ... colorous . The Characters do n't talk much , there are no long and boring conversations of this and that ( like in Ghost in the Shell).With its dark pictures , views of strange beasts and sense of magic , it looks like one of those ancient Scandinavian stories , full of violence and horrendous creators , enchanted forests and deep caves , dwelled by dragons , throlls , orks ... and one mysterious hero to stop evil ...
1 Picked up the movie at the flea market for 4 bucks , sure did get my moneys worth!. Could care - less about the hot babes but the animation just blew me away after a steady diet of Simpsons ( Sorry Mr. Groening ) . The best part , facial expressions . Recommend multiple viewings with some cool tunes , good friends and a couple of cold ones !
1 In my opinion , this is a good example of the movie that could have been much better if it had been short 10 years earlier . I doubt it would benefit from modern technologies , but it would have looked much better if it was at least 90 minutes instead of 70.<br /><br />The artists and animated did a great job . In my opinion , this movie can boast the best background art and one of the best character design . Animation are extremely smooth and realistic . For the duration of the movie you believe in the world you see , so everyone did a great job . It can also boast one of the sexiest female animated characters , if not the sexiest , that beets typical anime girls with ease.<br /><br />Unfortunately , there are a couple of bad thins about this movie that will make it not so appealing at the moment . First , the plot and execution is comparable to contemporary adventure movies , and is really old - fashioned by modern standards . Second , due to the duration time it would benefit a lot from extra 20 minutes of dialogs . Finally , the setting is not so popular at the moment.<br /><br />Conclusion : a great alternative to another short story about Conan the Barbarian , but not to a novel .
1 Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime . " Conan " is perhaps the only Sword and Sorcery movie better . The brutal violence , cool character designs , and good pacing , make this one of the best fantasies around . It is certainly the greatest animated movie aimed at a more adult audience that I have ever seen . This is not similar to Bakshi 's usual frenetic style . It 's quite a departure for Bakshi , and in my opinion his best work . I hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves .
1 I wo n't claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi , because i am not . I have only watched 5 of his animated films so far : Coonskin , Wizards , Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally " Fire and Ice " . What i CAN claim , is that i found " Fire and Ice " to be the most enjoyable of the lot . It is a straightforward fantasy tale of swords and sorcery along the lines of Conan the Barbarian , but the beautiful artwork , realistic animation and lively film score effectively lends a very classic charm to this movie.<br /><br />Deserving first mention , is the animation itself . I do not care what people say about rotoscoping but in my opinion Ralph Bakshi used that technique very effectively here . I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were . The style of directing and the photo - realistic character designs made " Fire and Ice " feel more like a big budget fantasy blockbuster than a cartoon . Sadly the level of art detail tends to get a little inconsistent , especially near the end of the movie . Some scenes just look really flat with little to no body contour details or fabric folds and shadows on the characters.<br /><br />With realistic moving characters , realistic action would naturally follow . Not only was the action well choreographed , but it was really brutal . I would be so bold as to compare the brutality of the action to live action movies like Zack Snyder 's 300 . I did notice however that though there was blood shed , the blood splatters were kept to a minimum . Again , a great choice by the creative team that only heightens the viewing experience by not taking things too " over the top".<br /><br />Though i do not recognize any " big names " in the cast , the voice actors manage to deliver a satisfying performance ; keeping the delivery of every line realistically subdued and only hamming it up in the case of the bad guys.<br /><br />Did i say bad guys ? ? yes i did . Because that is exactly what the story is about , a standard good vs evil tale . Nothing really original about the story which seems to merely be a mix of pre - existing fantasy film clichés that involve scantly clad warriors and maidens . Anyone looking for " depth " would be sorely disappointed . THe characters are not given much development and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are one dimensional at best(I did however hear rumor of some deleted scenes that explains Darkwolf 's obsession with killing Nekron and his mother . Scenes like that deserved full restoration and should have been included in the final cut to add a level of depth to the show ) . In fact , i would not be surprised to find out that the whole movie was just a " tech demo " of sorts to showcase the awesome animation and art , with the story cobbled together and thrown in as an afterthought in order to pass it off as a proper " movie".<br /><br />A true classic of a bygone era , " Fire and Ice " really captures the blazing spirit of adventure and mysticism with its beautiful renderings of fantastic creatures and charming characters . It is a unique vision of a world created by Ralph Bakshi and artist Frank Frazetta with a good measure of action and suspense . < br /><br />Would it hold up to animated film standards of today ? Definitely not . But i urge animation fans in general to " get off your high horse " and give this simple but beautiful film a chance to grow on you . It is Truly a gem of the 80s worth checking out .
1 I enjoy Ralph Bakshi films ( " Wizards " , " Cool World " and the underrated animated " Lord of the Rings " ) and am a Frank Frazetta collector and fan . I am also a sword and sorcery fan who loves the worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs and Robert E. Howard.<br /><br />I missed " Fire and Ice 's " theatrical release back in 1983 and have looked forward to seeing it on video or at some revival ever since then . Therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me . However , I bought it with some trepidation , because I hoped it would not be only worth watching once and then put on the shelf as a " collectible " gathering dust until the day I died . Fortunately my fears were groundless and I was pleasantly impressed with this movie.<br /><br />As with Frazetta art this is a gritty film that has a physicality and sexuality that is hard to find in most fantasy / sword and sorcery films without being cheesy or dirty . The art is good and you see glimpses of Frazetta at his best . Even my young boys loved watching it with me and ask to watch it again and again . However , my wife has some objections due to the scantily clad princess ( very Frazetta - esquire ) . I do n't mind that because it is believable and there is no sex scene.<br /><br />There is roto - scoping used , but personally I enjoy roto - scoping . It gives more fluid and realistic movements to the characters that is hard to find in animation.<br /><br />Despite some continuity problems , I recommend this film to all Bakshi , Frazetta , Conan , and sword and sorcery fans . Enjoy !
1 This animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs. evil plot and is all about action . What sets it apart from other animation is how well the human movements are animated . It was really beautiful seeing the fleeing woman running around on the screen from left to right and look around , her movements were done so well . Why do n't they use this rotoscopic technique more these days ? It 's quite effective.<br /><br />Fire and Ice , in it 's prehistoric setting and scarcely dressed women , was clearly devoted to showing the beautiful damsel in distress in various sexy ways , her voluptuous body serving as pure eyecandy . Some may hate this and regard it as yet another moronic male sexual fantasy , others ( including plenty of women ) will adore it 's esthetic quality . I for sure did not mind ! Bakshi just loves animating lushious , voluptuous babes , as can also be seen in Cool World , and I do n't think he has to apoligize since it 's pretty much animation for adults . But I had also enjoyed this animation as a child and I never forgot it.<br /><br />This one was just special , so different from the standard Disney or Anime fare , and for that reason alone well worth the watch since it 's possibly Bakshi 's finest . For those who like animations with lushious women : try Space Adventure Cobra as well.<br /><br />I give Fire and Ice 8 out of 10 .
1 Ever since I heard of the Ralph Bakshi version of " The Lord of the Rings " I wondered : What the hell is ' rotoscope ' animation ? ! ! ! Well ... I finally found out ... I saw this movie about three years ago not having any idea who Ralph Bakshi is ... And I liked it ... a lot ... Very good story line ... it even has a little character development which is great for a cartoon ... See it if you get bored with contemporary animation .... Do n't get me wrong ... I 'm not saying it 's just a nice cartoon ... It 's a pretty good movie too ...
1 Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world . The film is about a village that is destroyed by a giant glacier which is the home of the evil ice lord named Nekron . The only survivor of the village is a young man named Larn who sets out to avenge those who were killed by the glacier . The ice glacier moves through the land of fire and the princess of the land named Teegra is kidnapped by evil creatures . Larn sets out to find her and also sets out to find and kill Nekron . Fire And Ice is directed by Ralph Bakshi who is one of my favourite adult animators . He has brought us such animated masterpieces as the film version of Fritz The Cat and some films he has written himself , like the great film Heavy Traffic . I did n't like Fire And Ice nearly as much as I have Ralph Bakshi 's other work , but I still found the film to be enjoyable . It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough . The only basic complaints I have is that I wish that there was more of a story to the film because the story it uses is very thin and there is not a lot to it . I also wish the film was a bit longer because it is under 80 minutes in running time . Still it 's an entertaining action adventure films that unlike Fritz The Cat or Heavy Traffic is appropriate for kids 8 and older . I only wish that there was a more developed story and it went on a bit longer than it did .
1 Good story and excellent animation . The influence of Frazetta and Bakshi are obvious , and that 's a good thing . Anyone that enjoys Conan the Barbarian or the game Dungeons and Dragons should enjoy it . The battle between good and evil is clear cut even though it may appear that at times our hero is neutral . Most often in fantasy movies Elves are usually portrayed as having white skin and blond hair and goblins and orcs have dark skin and hair . Anyone familiar with Frazetta 's , Bakshi 's , or even Tolkien 's work know they are not racist . Anyone that enjoys Fantasy movies should like this movie . It is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo . The casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate . I hope someone puts this gem on DVD soon . I consider myself lucky to have a VHS copy in good condition .
1 This is another fantasy favorite from Ralph Bakshi ; after watching it on YouTube that is . Set in the distant past after the Ice Age , it is a prehistoric sword - and - sorcery quest between good and evil . Nekron , Lord of the realm of Ice and his mother Queen Juliana , has set their sights on conquest of the known world . When their glaciers destroy 's the village of a man named Larn , he ( Larn ) vows to avenge his people and kill the Ice Lord . Meanwhile , the sub - human minions of Nekron and Juliana capture Firekeep 's King Jarol 's sultry daughter Princess Teegra ; but she manages to escape , and eventually meets with Larn , who promises to escort her back to Firekeep ; if the sub - humans do n't find them first.<br /><br />This movie did very little box office ( as did most of Ralph Bakshi 's films ) , but has become a cult classic , partly for the quality of the art , a collaboration between Ralph Bakshi and the famed fantasy artist Frank Frazetta . Also , I have heard that the screenplay was written by Gerry Conway and Roy Thomas , the two men who had done Conan comic book stories , and the background painters included James Gurney , the illustrator of the Dinotopia novels ; though admittedly I had never read Conan or Dinotopia . And also the painter Thomas Kinkade , noted for his artwork for figurines , music - boxes for The Bradford Exchange Company besides paintings . And like Bakshi 's films The Lord of the Rings and American Pop , this movie was rotoscoped , but the process works better in this film than in the former.<br /><br />So overall , I think it 's one of the best animated fantasy movies ever made , and an awesome collaboration between two great minds - Ralph Bakshi and Frank Frazetta . With plenty of fantasy , sexual innuendo , and thrilling adventure .
1 With Ralph Bakshi most of his films appear to be like two - edged swords . You 'll get something awesome out of it but only if you put up with the silly and the unnecessarily cheezy . The Lord of the Rings was a great adaptation of the story which perhaps did n't always shine in the animation department.<br /><br />Fire and Ice is a great achievement from Bakshi from an animation point of view . The rotoscoping is a lot more detailed and the animation has a vibrant look to it . You still get some of the dull still - cells and slightly blurred background paintings but on the over - all the look has definitely gotten better since Bakshi 's last fantasy epic . The animation has almost a realistic - naturalistic style to it , and unlike in LOTR where this style was often at odds with the actual content , here it enhances the film 's unique atmosphere.<br /><br />Unfortunately the film fails to create a meaningful story out of its simple setting and in fact most of the characters ' motivations are pretty blurred . Lorn and Tigra are easy cases but even the main villain Necron was difficult to follow not to mention That Guy with Furry Face Mask ( also known as just ' That Guy ' ) . Even though most of the voice actor 's were appropriate , there are some odd quirks in the audio - department and Tigra especially sounds really terrible whenever she 's screaming.<br /><br />However , I believe the film 's inherent entertainment value outweighs its unnecessarily silly execution of the plot - line . The scant clad of the characters is something you 'll never get over but it helps you remind yourself that perhaps this film is n't even intended to be taken too seriously . It 's still a hella cool and really funny .
1 Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year . It was n't at all a bad movie , certainly not average , but its plotting and dialog stuck out as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one - dimensional ( which , perhaps as based on Frank Miller 's comic book , was the right decision to go with ) . But its primary strengths drew from the intense action and bloody battles and having that jolt of a 14 year old feeling watching beefcake men fighting in bloody sword - led combat , with the occasional freaky creature or super - hot female to go with the painterly surroundings . While I would probably re - watch Fire and Ice before 300 again , they both aroused that similar feeling - the exception this time being , naturally , that it 's Frank Frazetta , the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback books and comics , collaborating with director Ralph Bakshi , in what is n't typical Hollywood fare but something for the die - hard fans.<br /><br />What this means for audiences today going back to check out the film for the first time ( it may now be coveted nostalgia for those who were young and watched it along with their Masters of the Universe VHS tapes back in the day ) is the possible cons mentioned before and , maybe , that you will see something somewhat unique . Fire and Ice is n't even the only Bakshi rotoscoped feature , but it 's possibly the most fluid- if not quite my personal favorite- of the few he made , and he and his team create a whole striking world that 's part pre - historic , part out - of - this - world fantastic , and part medieval , and all touched up with a painters hand with respect to the backgrounds , the skies and grounds . There 's a slight drawback for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design ; Bakshi went as far as to say it 's more Frazetta than him . This may be true , but it does n't make it any more absorbing to the eye or curious in those moments where we do n't see people killed or gutted in quick or slow motion ( my favorite was the momentary skeleton - guide- how they rotoscoped that amazes me).<br /><br />I neglect describing the plot as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it . If you 're already a die - hard into this kind of style and approach of animation the plot will matter depending on what degree two warring factions or a ' damsel ' or princess is in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada , so suffice to say it 's about , well , Fire against Ice , with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf ( the coolest male of the lot and most comic - book in appearance ) and Teegra ( the typical hottie who 's almost * too * perfect for the adolescent male fantasy figure ) . What the plot does do , as an asset , is allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense bits around the action , the progression of the danger in the oncoming big battle , like when the ogres are hunting after Teegra and have to contend with sudden crazy monsters and creatures popping out of tree trunks and lakes . And per usual for Bakshi , he conjures up some craziness ( if not quite his usual inspired lunacy ) in the midst of all of this straightforward fantasy material . If you 've seen Wizards , you 'll understand what I mean to a lesser extent.<br /><br />So , if you 're an animation buff , seek this out right away for some ' old - school ' ( i.e. 1980s ) action and incredible design . For everyone else , it 's ... good , not great , as I would say without fault about its logical 21st century extension , with some alterations , 300 .
1 Thsi is one great movie . probably the best movie i have ever seen . I Watch it over and over again . I must give it 10/10 stars because like i said this is probably the best movie i have ever seen . This Movie + Popcorn+Coke= Best mix you can imagine . If you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one . First i sawed it i liked it so i buy - ed it and now i own it and watch it probably every day . my sons like it and think that this is the best movie ever seen . This movie is about Guy In Fantasy World . i do n't want to spoil all the movie so you can enjoy it after you read my text . Lovely Movie Lovely Characters , Lovely Story , And Just great stuff . a must watch movie . hope you enjoyed my comment Cya < br /><br />Jim Make
1 I had watched snippets from this as a kid but , while I purchased Blue Underground 's set immediately due to its being a Limited Edition , only now did I fit it in my viewing schedule - and that 's mainly because Bakshi 's American POP ( 1981 ) just turned up on late - night Italian TV ( see my review of that film below ) ! < br /><br />Anyway , I found the film to be a quite good sword - and - sorcery animated epic with especially impressive - looking backdrops ( the rather awkward rotoscoped characters were , admittedly , less so ) with a rousing if derivative score . The plot , again , was n't exactly original , but proved undeniably engaging on a juvenile level and the leading characters well enough developed - especially interesting is the villainous Ice - lord Nekron and the enigmatic warrior Darkwolf ; the hero and heroine , however , are rather bland stereotypes - but one can hardly complain when Bakshi and Frazetta depict the girl as well - endowed ( her bra could be torn off any second ) and half - naked to boot ( her tiny panties are forever disappearing up her ass ) ! Still , it 's clearly an action - oriented piece and it certainly delivers on this front ( that involving Darkwolf being particularly savage ) ; the final showdown though brief , is also nicely handled and sees our heroes astride pterodactyls assaulting the villains ' lair inside a cave .<br /><br />In the long run , apart from the afore - mentioned Frazetta backdrops , the main appeal of this movie for me now is its nostalgia factor as it transported me back to my childhood days of watching not just films like CONAN THE BARBARIAN ( 1982 ) and THE BEASTMASTER ( 1982 ) but also animated TV series such as BLACKSTAR ( 1981 - 82 ) and HE - MAN AND THE MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE ( 1983 - 85).<br /><br />As for the accompanying THE MAKING OF " FIRE AND ICE " ( TV ) ( Mark Bakshi , 1982 ) * * 1/2:<br /><br />Vintage featurette on the sword - and - sorcery animated film which is only available via the washed - out VHS print owned by Ralph Bakshi himself ! It goes into some detail about the rotoscope technique and also shows several instances of live - action ' performances ' ( in a studio ) of segments from the script - which would then be traced , blended in with the backgrounds and filmed . Still , having watched several such behind - the - scenes featurettes on the art of animation ( on the Disney Tins and the Looney Tunes sets , for instance ) , it 's does n't make for a very compelling piece ...
1 In a time of magic , barbarians and demons abound a diabolical tyrant named Nekhron and his mother Queen Juliane who lives in the realm of ice and wants to conquer the region of fire ruled by the King Jerol but when his beautiful daughter Princess Teegra has been kidnapped by Nekhron 's goons , a warrior named Larn must protect her and must defeat Nekhron from taking over the world and the kingdom with the help of an avenger named Darkwolf.<br /><br />A nicely done and excellent underrated animated fantasy epic that combines live actors with animation traced over them ( rotoscoping ) , it 's Ralph Bakshi 's second best movie only with " American Pop " being number one and " Heavy Traffic " being third and " Wizards " being fourth . It 's certainly better than his " Cool World " or " Lord of the Rings " , the artwork is designed by famed artist Frank Farzetta and the animation has good coloring and there 's also a hottie for the guys.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to fantasy and animation lovers everywhere especially the new 2-Disc Limited Edition DVD from Blue Underground.<br /><br />Also recommended : " The Black Cauldron " , " The Dark Crystal " , " Conan The Barbarian " , " The Wizard of Oz " , " Rock & Rule " , " Wizards " , " Heavy Metal " , " Starchaser : Legend of Orin " , " Fantastic Planet " , " Princess Mononoke " , " Nausicca : Valley of the Wind " , " Conan The Destroyer " , " Willow " , " The Princess Bride " , " Lord of the Rings ( 1978 ) " , " The Sword in The Stone " , " Excalibur " , " Army of Darkness " , " Krull " , " Dragonheart " , " King Arthur " , " The Hobbit " , " Return of the King ( 1980 ) " , " Conquest " , " American Pop " , " Jason and The Argonauts " , " Clash of the Titans " , " The Last Unicorn " , " The Secret of NIMH " , " The Flight of Dragons " , " Hercules ( Disney ) " , " Legend " , " The Chronicles of Narnia " , " Harry Potter and The Goblet of Fire " .
1 This movie is based on the art of Frank Frazetta , the mythical fantasy illustrator . Some of the characters are straight out of his paintings ( the Death Dealer being the best example ) . Surprisingly , the animation manages to keep the feeling of the original art . Bakshi is well known for his heavy use of rotoscope ( the technique of tracing a live action sequence ) and this film is no exception . However , since the subject of the movie is quite realistic ( all characters are humans ) , this works pretty well.<br /><br />But what I really like here is the plot : for once we have a story with interesting characters and nice action sequences , a really hideous villain and a gorgeous babe . This movie has the feeling of the best Conan comics , not surprisingly since Roy Thomas is the writer of the Marvel series of our favourite Cimmerian ! This is a far cry from the crappy live action Conan , not to speak of all the B - movie of the genre.<br /><br />Definitely recommended !
1 I really enjoyed this movie . The humor was a bit absent at times but I enjoyed how the story moved between dramatic and serious throughout the film . This is the only the second movie where I saw Verdone acting ( the other was ' Un sacco bello ' ) , and I can see why Italians find him tiresome , but he think he played his role well as the loving father.<br /><br />My one drawback with this movie was that I knew it took place in Italy - somewhere in the center or south , I presume , but I felt like there was no representation of a place . This movie could have taken place in New York , Boston , Melbourne , New Dehli ... I always think it is important for movies to have a place to give the viewers something to relate to . ( Maybe I missed something ? ) :) If you like Italian films , then I think that you will enjoy this . It 's not a Fellini or a Rossellini - it 's not realism or neo - realism . It 's a comical story with serious moments that could really happen to any of us .
1 i liked this movie a lot . I rented this expecting something not too bad to spend an evening . It turned out a particularly satisfying experience . Some scenes were hilarious and managed to be so in a movie not intended to be just a stupid slapstick comedy but with some meaning and moral values . It manages on both counts . The leads are all good but especially the guy who stars , also wrote and produced the movie . I've never seen any of these actors before , but they were likable and made me care about what happens to them in the end which is saying a lot . The script is clever and involving and has a refreshing feel to it . I think you wo nt be disappointed to watch this .
1 I have just recently been through a stage where I wanted to see why it is that horror films of the 90 's ca n't hold a candle to 70 's and 80 's horror films . I have been very public in this forum about the vileness of films like The Haunting and Urban Legend and such . I feel that they ( and others like them ) do n't know what true horror is . And it bothered me to the point where it made me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror films . I already own all the Friday 's so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre , the original Nightmare On Elm Street , Jaws , The Exorcist , Angel Heart , The Exorcist and Halloween . Now the other films are classics in their own right but it is here that I want to tell you about Halloween . Because what Halloween does is perhaps something no other film in the history of horror film can do , and that is it uses subtle techniques , techniques that do n't rely on blood and gore , and it uses these to scare the living daylights out of you . I was in a room by myself with the lights off and as silly as I knew it was , I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there . No movie that I have seen in the last ten years has done that to me . No movie.<br /><br />John Carpenter took a low budget film and he scared a generation of movie goers . He showed that you do n't need budgets in the 8 or 9 figures to evoke fear on an audience . Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what actually happens , but what is about to happen . What was that shadow ? What was that noise upstairs ? He knows that these are the ways to scare someone and he uses every element of textbook horror that I think you can use . I even think he made up some of his own ideas and these should be ideas that people use today . But they do n't . No one uses lighting and detail to provoke scares , they use special effects and rivers of blood . And it is just not the same . You ca n't be scared by a giant special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of a wall . It 's the moments when the killer is lurking , somewhere , you just do n't know where , that scare you . And Halloween succeeds like no other film in this endeavor.<br /><br />In 1963 a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife and then spends the next 15 years of his life , silently locked up in an institute . As Loomis ( his doctor ) says to Sheriff Brackett , " I spent eight years trying to reach him and then another seven making sure that he never gets out , because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e - vil . " That sets up the manic and relentless idea of a killer that will stop at nothing to get what he wants . And all he wants here is to kill Laurie . No one know why he wants to kill her , but he does . ( Halloween II continues the story quite well ) < br /><br />What Carpenter has done here is taken a haunting score , mendacious lighting techniques and wrote and directed a tightly paced masterpiece of horror . There is one scene that has to be described . And that is the scene where Annie is on her way to pick up Paul . She goes to the car and tries to open it . Only then does she realize that she has left her keys in the house . She gets them , comes back out and inadvertently opens the car door without using the keys . The audience picks up on this but she does n't . She is too busy thinking about Paul . When she sits down , she notices that the windows are fogged up . She is puzzled and starts to wipe away the mist , and then Myers strikes , from the back seat . This is such a great scene because it pays attention to detail . We know what is happening and Annie does n't . But it 's astute observations that Carpenter made that scared the hell out of movie goers in 1978 and beyond . < br /><br />Halloween uses blurry images of a killer standing in the background , it has shadows ominously gliding across a wall , dark rooms , creepy and haunting music , a sinister story told hauntingly by Donald Pleasance and a menacing , relentless killer . My advice to film makers in our day and age is to study Halloween . It should be the blue print for what scary movies are all about . After all , Carpenter followed in Hitchcock 's steps , maybe director 's should follow in his.<br /><br />Halloween personifies everything that scares us . If you are tired of all the mindless horror films that do n't know the difference between evil and cuteness , then Halloween is a film that should be seen . It wo n't let you down . I enjoy being scared , I do n't know why , but I do . But nothing has scared me in the 90 's , except maybe one film ( Wes Craven 's final Nightmare ) . If you enjoy beings scared , then Halloween is one that you should see . And if you have already seen it a hundred times , go and watch it again , back to back with a film like Urban Legend . Urban Legend will have you enticed at all the pretty faces in the movie . Halloween will have you frozen with fear , stuck in your seat , not wanting to move . Now tell me , what horror film would you rather watch?<br /><br />And just to follow up after seeing Zombie 's version , it makes you appreciate this that much more . This is a classic by definition . Zombie bastardized his version , but it does n't take away from the brilliance of this one .
1 Halloween is not only the godfather of all slasher movies but the greatest horror movie ever ! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the most suspenseful , creepy , and terrifying movie of all time with this classic chiller . Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired scores of imitators , such as Jason Vorhees ( Friday the 13th ) , The Miner ( My Bloody Valentine ) , and Charlie Puckett ( The Night Brings Charlie ) . Okay , so I got a little obscure there , but it just goes to show you the impact that this movie had on the entire horror genre . No longer did a monster have to come from King Tut 's tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein 's lab . He could be created in the cozy little neighborhoods of suburbia . And on The Night He Came Home ... Haddonfield , Illinois and the viewers would never be the same . There are many aspects of this movie that make it the crowning jewel of horror movies . First is the setting ... it takes place in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood . Many of us who grew up in an area such as this can easily identify with the characters . This is the type of neighborhood where you feel safe , but if trouble starts to brew , nobody wants to lift a finger to get involved ( especially when a heavy - breathing madman is trying to skewer our young heroine . ) Along with the setting , the movie takes place on Halloween ! ! The scariest night of the year ! While most people are carving jack - o - lanterns , Michael Myers is looking to carve up some teenie - boppers . Besides the setting , there is some great acting . Jamie Lee Curtis does a serviceable job as our heroine , Laurie Strode , a goody - two - shoes high - schooler who can never seem to find a date . However , it is Donald Pleasance , as Dr. Sam Loomis , who really steals the show . His portrayal of the good doctor , who knows just what type of evil hides behind the black eyes of Michael Myers and feels compelled to send him to Hell once and for all , is the stuff of horror legend . However , it is the synthesizer score that really drives this picture as it seems to almost put the viewer into the film . Once you hear it , you will never forget it . I also enjoy the grainy feel to this picture . Nowadays , they seem to sharpen up the image of every movie , giving us every possible detail of the monster we are supposed to be afraid of . In Halloween , John Carpenter never really lets us get a complete look at Michael Myers . He always seems like he is a part of the shadows , and , I think that is what makes him so terrifying . There are many scenes where Michael is partly visible as he spies on the young teens ( unbeknownst to them ) , which adds to his creepiness . If you think about , some wacko could be watching you right now and you would n't even know it . Unfortunately for our teenagers ( and fortunately for us horror fans ) , when they find Michael , he 's not looking for candy on this Halloween night .. he 's looking for blood . Finally , Michael Myers , himself , is a key element to this movie 's effectiveness . His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him seem like the killer who will never stop . He is the bogeyman that will haunt you for the rest of your life . So , if you have not seen this movie ( if there are still some of you out there who have n't , or even if you have ) , grab some popcorn , turn off every light , pop this into the old DVD and watch in fright . Trick or Treat !
1 John Carpenter 's Halloween is quite frankly a horror masterpiece . It tells the immortal story of escaped mental patient Michael Myers , who returns to his hometown on Halloween night to stalk and kill a group of babysitters.<br /><br />This was the first and without doubt the best in the Halloween franchise . Carpenter shows great restraint in pacing the story very slowly and building likable characters ; unusual for a horror picture.<br /><br />Even more unusual is the non - existence of blood and gore , and yet it remains the scariest Halloween to date . Get that ! < br /><br />Halloween marked the film debut of Jamie Lee Curtis and a defining point in the late great Donald Pleasance 's career . A true classic .
1 My personal favorite horror film . From the lengthy first tracking shot to the final story twist , this is Carpenter 's masterpiece.<br /><br />Halloween night 1963 , little Michael Meyers murders his older sister . All - hallows - eve 1978 , Michael escapes from Smith 's Grove sanitarium . Halloween night , Michael has come home to murder again.<br /><br />The story is perfectly simple , Michael stalks and kills babysitters . No bells or whistles , just the basics . It 's Carpenter 's almost over - powering atmosphere of dread that generates the tension . Like any great horror film , events are telegraphed long in advance , yet they still seem to occur at random , never allowing the audience to the chance to second guess the film.<br /><br />The dark lighting , the long steady - cam shots , and ( most importantly ) that damn eerie music create the most claustrophobic and uncomfortable scenes I have yet to see in film . There is a body count , but compared to the slew of slashers after this it 's fairly small . That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless . The fear is not in death , but in not knowing.<br /><br />The acting is roundelay good . PJ Soles provides much of the films limited humor ( and one of the best deaths ) , Nancy Loomis turns in a decent performance and then there is the young ( at the time ) Jamie Leigh - Curtis . Her performance at first seems shy and un - assured , yet you quickly realize that it is perfect for the character , who is herself shy and un - assured and not at all prepared for what she is to face . And of course there is the perfectly cast Donald Pleasence as the determined ( perhaps a little unstable ) Dr. Sam Loomis . Rest in peace Mr. Pleasence.<br /><br />If the film has a detrimental flaw , it would be the passage of time . Since the release of this film so many years ago nearly countless clones , copies , rip - offs , and imitators have come along and stolen ( usually badly ) the films best bits until nearly everything about it has become familiar . Combined with the changes for audience expectations and appetites , one finds much of the films raw power diluted . To truly appreciate it in this day and age , it must be viewed as it once was , as something unique.<br /><br />Never the less , I have no reservation with highly recommending this film to anyone looking for a good , scary time . Highest Reguards.<br /><br />10/10
1 Brutal , emotionless Michael Myers stabs his sister to death at age six on Halloween night in 1963 ; on October 30 , 1978 , he escapes from a mental institution and institutes a new reign of terror in his hometown of Haddonfield , Illinois . He is pursued the whole time by a psychiatrist ( Donald Pleasence ) who knows just how evil this young man is.<br /><br />It opens with a bang , and sets up a genuinely suspenseful and atmospheric chiller that is actually superior to the many slasher pictures it helped to inspire . It 's subtle compared to the nasty bloodbaths many of those subsequent movies were ; subtle , and scary . It retains the ability to make me jump even after repeated viewings . How many movies are there , really , that can continue to be frightening even after one has seen them before ? Not very many.<br /><br />Pleasence is great in what was probably the definitive role of his career ; Jamie Lee Curtis , in her motion picture debut , became a bona fide scream queen after acting in " Halloween " as well as a few subsequent slasher pictures , and she is an intended victim worth rooting for.<br /><br />Co - writer / director John Carpenter knows what works in this movie , making excellent use of shadows and dark skies ; notice how most of the movie is set after nightfall . With this picture , he and his former collaborator Debra Hill created a franchise that has spawned seven sequels , many imitators , and an upcoming " re - imagining".<br /><br />It 's very quotable - who could ever forget Dr. Loomis ' ( Pleasence ) speech in which he describes Michael Myers to the sheriff ( Charles Cyphers , a reliable repertory player in several of Carpenter 's earlier works)?<br /><br />It 's fantastic , and worth seeking out . This is my favorite John Carpenter movie of all time.<br /><br />It 's not totally infallible - there are script holes , after all - but overall it makes a solid impact.<br /><br />9/10
1 Halloween is one of those movies that gets you skin deep ! It is in my opinion , the scariest movie of all time . Michael Myers is the best boogeyman ever ! He was just so terrifying ! What makes Halloween so special is that there was no special effects where you can tell how computer animated it is , this was on a low budget and had a one note score , yet managed to scare the Hell out of people . 25 years and this movie still has the same effect as it did in ' 78.<br /><br />It 's about a boy Michael Myers , he kills his sister at the age of 6 and so many years later escapes the mental institution . Dr. Sam Loomis is after him and will do anything to get him back , since he describes Michael as " ... pure evil . The blackest eyes , the Devil 's eyes " . Michael is on a mission though , to kill his other sister , Laurie , played by a new Jamie Lee Curtis . She has to babysit on Halloween , while her friends are out partying and of course , we know the rules , they get it ! But Laurie may stand a chance since she 's the virgin . ;D < br /><br />Halloween pays many homages to Psycho , we have another character named Sam Loomis and Jamie Lee Curis , the daughter of Janet Leigh . Halloween is an absolute terrific movie that breaks boundaries and makes you lock the doors , bolt your windows , and turn off the lights ! " They 're gon na get you ! They 're gon na get you ! " . Halloween , the ultimate horror film ! < br /><br />10/10
1 Halloween is one of the best examples of independent film . It 's very well made and has more psychological elements to it than you might realize at first glance . It is a simple movie told very well . The music is perfect and is one of the most haunting scores ... If you have n't seen this movie yet , you must check it out . The cast is all terrific . I wish they had never made sequel after sequel . The first one was by far the best and should have ended like it did without having a sequel . It was fun to see Jamie Lee Curtis in the movie . She has n't seemed to age ( she 's just as gorgeous today , without the hairdo and seventies clothes ) . The scenes through the mask are one of the scariest things ever !
1 I must admit , this is one of my favorite horror films of all time . The unique way that John Carpenter has directed this picture , opening the door to so many mock - genres , it will chill you to the bone whether it is your first time watching it or your fiftieth . The sound , the menacing horror of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis gives this film instant cult status and a great start for the independent era . I love the music , I love the characters , the familiar yet spooky setting , the simplistic nature of the villain , and the random chaos of it all . There is no really rhyme or reason to the killing in this first film , giving us a taste of Michael 's true nature . Is he insane , or in some way just a very brilliant beast ? That question may never be truly answered , but Carpenter gives us his 100 % and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece.<br /><br />John Carpenter is the master of horror . While lately his films have not been the caliber that they once were ( see Ghosts of Mars ) , Halloween began his powerhouse of a career . This is his ultimate film . While he did release other greats , I will always remember this one as the film that caused me to turn on all the lights , beware when babysitting , and check behind closed doors , because you never knew where the evil would appear next . Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world in which he weaves . With the power of his camera , he places these images of Meyers in places you least expected while giving you the perception as if the murderer is right next to you . I loved every scene in which we panned back and there was Michael , watching from the distance , without anyone the wiser . That was scary , yet utterly brilliant . I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your fright from nearly thin air . There you would be , minding your own business , when suddenly that horrid mask would appear out of nowhere . Like the characters , you too thought it was just a trick of the eye , but that is where Carpenter gets you , it is n't . Michael is n't a ghost , he is a human being ( or at least we think ) , yet he has a stronger mental ability than most of the main characters . This leads into some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism , but even without that , this is a spooky film.<br /><br />Then , if you just did n't have enough of Michael just vaporizing in the windows of your house , Carpenter adds that chilling theme music . I still have that tapping of the piano keys in my mind , constantly wondering if Meyers is looking at me through the window . Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual frights and chilling sounds to foreshadow what may happen to our unsuspecting victims next . It is lethal , and it is done with refreshing originality and more unique thrills than anything released by today 's Horror Hollywood could muster . Carpenter 's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a rough horror year , with actual scares being replaced by Paris Hilton , you know that the quality is n't quite the same.<br /><br />Finally , I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is terrifying and chilling . The use of the " clown " mask sent shivers up my spine . The way that it was filmed with that elongated one shot using the child 's mask as if it were our own eyes is still one of the best horror openings ever ! It completely sets the tone for the remainder of that film . You have the babysitter theme , you have the childish behavior which carries with Michael throughout the film , and you have the art talent of Carpenter all rolled into one . I could literally speak for hours upon hours about this film , but instead I would rather go watch it again . It is worth the repeat visit many times ! < br /><br />Overall , I think this is one of the most outstanding films in cinematic history . Skip all those foreign films that think that they are going to chance the face of movies leave it to a budget tight Carpenter and the slasher film genre . This singular movie redefined a whole generation of horror films , and still continues to be an influence on modern - day horror treats . The lethal combination of a genuinely spooky murderer , the powerful cinematography of the events ( which normally does n't amount to much in horror films ) , and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween that film above the rest . Sure , Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic for Jason , but Michael is real , he is troubled , and he is on the loose lusting for the blood of babysitters . What can be better ? < br /><br />Grade : * * * * * out of * * * * *
1 Halloween is the story of a boy who was misunderstood as a child . He takes out his problems on his older sister , whom he murders at the beginning of the film . This is just the start of things to come from Michael Myers.<br /><br />Donald Pleasance plays the doctor who 's been studying Myers for years . He knows that something is different about him , something mysteriously evil . This evil will not be contained , and it can not be stopped.<br /><br />After an escape from an institution , Myers tracks down his younger sister . If he kills her , there may be an end to the troubles of this misunderstood boy . But he seems to have problems in finishing his sister off as other people get in the way . He manages to take them out while still looking for that one girl he needs.<br /><br />There have been a lot of those horror movies involving teenagers getting hacked to pieces by a masked or gruesome killer . But this one started it all , sort of . If you think about it , most of those horror movies we all remember are the ones that have Freddy Kruger or Jason chasing around half naked girls . Well , if it was n't for Halloween , those characters would n't have haunted our dreams when we were children.<br /><br />Halloween 's director , John Carpenter , got a lot out of the horror movies of the ' 50s and combined everything he knew into one film that scared the hell out of a lot of people back in the late ' 70s . This films solidified him as a director to watch and also jump started the career of Jamie Lee Curtis , who plays the girl being stalked by the masked killer.<br /><br />This film may seem cliché today , but back then there was n't much out there like this . It 's been copied from and ripped off of , but Halloween will always remain the quintessential teenage horror movie . It still gives you chills listening to Carpenter 's thrilling music while we see another victim get chased by that shadowy Michael Myers .
1 John Carpenter 's Halloween < br /><br />Is it the greatest horror film of all time ? no .. maybe not to everyone , but to me it is and always will be . The film is sheer genius and will always hold a very special place in my heart . < br /><br />It 's unfortunate I did n't get to see this film until twenty years after it 's release , but even twenty years later after so many slasher copy cats had come and gone the film still gave the same impact as it must have done then . My father suggested before I go see Halloween H20 that I whip out and rent Halloween 's 1 and 2 to get the full story , and after watching Halloween it was quite clear that it defined and set the Slasher Genre.<br /><br />The film 's plot is simple , In 1963 Michael Audrey Myers killed his sister Judith in cold blood with a large butcher knife . Incarcerated for fifteen years where he was treated by Dr. Sam Loomis , he escapes and returns to his hometown of Haddonfield where he begins stalking three young girls : Laurie Strode an innocent bookworm , Annie Brackett a tough talking sarcastic and Lynda Van Der Klok a beautiful and sexually vigorous young girl . Dr. Loomis tracks Michael here where he enlists the help of the town Sheriff Leigh Brackett whom remains skeptical of his story about the psychotic killer . Michael watches the girls mercilessly and begins killing them off one by one , until only sweet innocent Laurie is left who is the prime target on Michael 's list.<br /><br />The casting of this film was brilliant and all the actors and actresses gave top notch performances , Jamie Lee Curtis was stunning in her first film role as Laurie Strode and Donald Pleasance gave a thrilling performance with his small role as Loomis . Nick Castle who portrays Michael did an outstanding job as the soulless and evil killer , and his walk and body movements were perfect.<br /><br />One of the great highlights of this film is it 's chilling score done by John Carpenter himself who created one of the most recognizable horror themes known today . The Blue Lighting was creepy and effective and one of the great moments in this film is when young Laurie is cowering against a wall after seeing her dead friends , and in the shadows behind her Michael 's face materializes before he strikes . Michael 's mask was one of the thing 's that sent chills down my spine the most , the white emotionless face worked perfectly.<br /><br />What makes this film so great is that it is not a gory film unlike the cheesy Friday The 13th films , in fact there is little blood in this film at all and works instead on suspense and tension . < br /><br />It became so clear that Halloween spawned movies like Friday The 13th and characters like Jason Voorhees , whom he is a mere rip off of Michael Myers.<br /><br />To sum it up , I suggest you see this film at least once in your life as it is a landmark in film making and is without a doubt if not the greatest then one of the greatest horror films of all time .
1 This was a movie that I had heard about all my life growing up , but had never seen it until a few years ago . It 's reputation truly proceeded it . I knew of Michael Myers , had seen the mask , saw commercials for all of the crummy sequels that followed . But I was growing up during the decade where Jason and Freddy had a deadly grip on the horror game , and never thought much of the Halloween franchise . Boy , how I was being cheated with cheap knock offs.<br /><br />Halloween is a genuinely terrifying movie . Now , by today 's standards , it is n't as graphic and visceral , but this film delivers on all the other levels most horror movies fail to achieve today . The atmosphere that John Carpenter creates is so creepy , and the fact that it is set in a quaint , mid - west town is a testament to his ability . The lighting effects are down right horrifying , with " The Shape " seemingly appearing and disappearing into the shadows at will . The simple yet brutally effective music score only adds to the suspense.<br /><br />The performances by all the players are well done , with specific nods to Jamie Lee Curtis and Donald Pleasance . Ms. Curtis is such a good Laurie Strode because she is so likable and vulnerable . It is all the more frightening when she is being stalked by Michael Myers because the director and viewer have invested so much into her , we want her to survive and get away.<br /><br />Donald Pleasance plays Dr. Loomis like a man on a mission , and it works well . He adds a sense of urgency to the predicament the town finds itself in because he knows what evil stalks their streets.<br /><br />Overall , not only is Halloween a great horror movie , but also a great film . It works on many levels and draws the audience in and never lets up . This should be standard viewing for anyone wanting to experience a truly scary movie . And for an even more frightful time , try watching it alone with the lights off . Do n't be surprised if you think you see " The Shape " lurking around in the shadows !
1 This film is one of the best of all time , certainly in the horror genre . The claustrophobic atmosphere is outstanding , the music is just as good as the film and the killer is as creepy as can be ! Actors are fantastic , RIP Donald Pleasance you were fantastic as Dr Loomis , he made the film even better . Without him the film would be missing a vital ingredient . Jamie Lee Curtis is also superb as our beloved scream queen ! Her innocence makes her unaware of the real evil that is after her until she finds her friends grossly murdered in the house , which of course is one of the films best scenes . She gives a tremendous performance . I loved this film since it scared me like hell back when I seen it in the very early 80 's and I still watch it to this day as it is a marvellous movie that just brings you in to this world were you could be gutted like a fish at every turn ! The fact that it is a simple format of a mad man in a mask whom has escaped from a mental asylum and ready to kill everyone in sight without them having any idea that he is there , is just shockingly terrifying and indulges you even more into the movie as the events though fiction could easily be come true . We all know that unfortunately evil does exist in this world and a mad man with a knife is certainly not uncommon , a very disturbing an deep fear for all of this . Death at any turn . Halloween of course shows this in it 's most terrifying way . Horror should be believable , and that is what makes the film enjoyable . It 's just a simple story that is made into an excellent and terrifying atmosphere . As well as Psycho 's superb storyline , both of which I adore , I believe there formats are the best horror has to offer . To me Halloween and Psycho are the best films I have ever seen and I will watch them all my life and never grow tired of them . Halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movies of all time .
1 Classic , highly influential low budget thriller that gave birth to a horror icon and launched the careers of both director Carpenter and star Curtis.<br /><br />Seemingly unstoppable murderer escapes from mental institution and returns to his hometown where he begins to stalk a local babysitter on Halloween.<br /><br />Halloween is a film that never fails to live up to its reputation as a horror masterpiece ! Carpenter 's frightening story and clever direction give this film such chillingly good life that it must be seen to really be felt ! The direction often consists of such simple elements , shadows , dark streets , creaking doors , that it makes even the everyday setting of a small town neighborhood truly creepy . Carpenter well - times his suspense and his jolting shocks to make them the most effectively startling , that in itself is a feat few horror filmmakers ever manage ! Plus , he is wise enough to give us some truly likable young characters and a very scary villain to keep the tension all the more strong . Highest kudos also go to Carpenter 's simple , yet frighteningly unnerving music score . In a sense , Halloween is a fine example of a perfect horror film!<br /><br />The cast is excellent . Young Jamie Lee Curtis does a very nice turn as lovable babysitter Laurie Strode , she 's so good that she would go on to be in a number of other horror films before breaking into bigger films . The great Donald Pleasants does a perfect performance as a Myer 's doctor , who 's desperate to capture him again . Supporting cast Loomis , Soles , Castle , and others are good too.<br /><br />So like its own villain , Halloween is an unstoppable force that never fails to thrill and chill . It is a MUST for all genre fans!<br /><br / > * * * * out of * * * *
1 The first time I saw this movie , I fell in love with it . The atmosphere was what caught my attention first and foremost . I expected a gore fest , but instead got to watch a highly intelligent killer mess with my head to a chilling soundtrack ( it 's actually my ringer at the moment : P ) . The fact that I could n't predict when he 'd kill and when he 'd disappear was a major plus in my book . Predictable horror movies bore me . Now , I know the storyline had some discrepancies , but , if you 're like me , you do n't even notice them until long after the movie 's over and you 're laying in bed mauling over the fact that you just witnessed a masterpiece in motion . Finally , as I mentioned , the soundtrack is timeless . It 's one of my all time favorite theatrical scores , so I was very happy to hear that Rob Zombie is leaving it untouched in his remake . Speaking of the remake , I read a very comprehensive article on it and , now that I know that Mr. Zombie reveres John Carpenter , I have high hopes for his take on this classic . This movie is great for any time you have a craving for a spine tingling , but it 's the perfect addition , opener , finale , you name it for an All Hallow 's Eve movie marathon . :)
1 Some spoilers If you are a big horror movie fan , then you will know that Halloween paved the way for many slasher films . Often imitated , never duplicated , this movie is a true horror classic and is definitely one of the scariest movies ever made , if not THE scariest.<br /><br />I actually saw this movie after seeing the rest of the series ( do n't ask me why ) . I honestly saw the other 7 movies before seeing this one , that 's just how it worked out . But I would have to say this one blows all the others away . It is genuinely frightening , and seeing Michael pop out from behind a bush or walk around in the dark sends a chill down your spine . My favorite part of the movie was when Michael stabs a guy , and leans his head to one side . It is one of the eeriest images in movie history.<br /><br />Later slashers , such as the Friday the 13th films , were more fun and less intense than this movie . I do like the F13 series better than the Halloween series , but this movie alone is better than all the F13 movies . Michael Myers is such a scary villain because he is realistic , you could imagine a crazed guy like him going around killing people . I admit this movie gave me nightmares after watching it for a few nights.<br /><br />What 's great about this movie is that it does n't rely on gore or humor to entertain the audience . It is just pure terror . It 's too bad the later films of the series swayed from this one , because this is as good of an example of a spectacular slasher movie as they come .
1 It took me time to really appreciate John Carpenter 's Halloween . As a kid , I remember I really enjoyed the sequels , especially The Return of Michael Myers , which I still think is the best Halloween sequel . But I thought the first one was slow and took way too much time to get to the point­. I watched it a couple of times recently and I know now I was wrong . Today I truly understand this film , the meaning it has , the whole feeling of this horror masterpiece . It 's not about blood and gore . It 's not about naked chicks and lame jokes . It 's about the worst night in Laurie Strode 's short life . It 's about the night his demented brother comes back home to finish what he started 15 years ago . This movie is meant to be scary and I think it succeeds very well . It 's also one of the first slasher movies , a horror sub - genre that I always loved . Halloween has a very dark atmosphere , creepy music and talented young actors , such as Jamie Lee Curtis in her first role . Need I say more ? Anyone who 's never seen it , horror fan or not , should do his cinematic homework right now . Very highly recommended !
1 Halloween is a film I have to get out and watch every time it 's THAT day of the year . I even watch it sometimes when it 's not the holiday!!!This film is SO great . Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress I can never stop loving . This movie might be old , but the story line still gets me right there every time , and the acting was absolutely fantastic!!!Although I have not seen the remake , I feel already that it was TOTALLY unnecessary . I think Rob Zombie should have NEVER remade such a classic . What kills me though , is to know that there are some people out there who have seen the remake without even hearing of the original . I am getting furious just thinking about it!!!!!!This movie was great , and it will always be remembered in history as a classic .
1 There is no doubt that Halloween is by far one of the best films ever not only in its genre but also outside . I love the films creepy atmosphere like the whole it could happen here sort of situation makes it scary to think about . Also to imagine if you were ever in this situation what would you do . This is a movie that i enjoy watching highly , especially around Halloween time . John Carpenter is a very professional directer i love a lot of his other films , but there is no doubt that his best known movie is the film Halloween . Oh and if your thinking about watching the Rob Zombie remake don't . It is pure crap and a true Halloween fan would like the 1978 John Carpenter version better . Michael Myers is one of the coolest slasher killers in any film , and is a very well known one . So by all means go see this masterpiece you will really like it .
1 As I mentioned previously , John Carpenter 's 1978 classic is one of the first two movies I can remember seeing and being heavily influenced by ( the other being the classic Conan the Barbarian ) . It so truly scared me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers , whom I eventually befriended ( imaginary friend ) to keep him from killing me in my sleep . Now that is terror for a 10 year old.<br /><br />It is a horror classic and I am sure my modest review will not do it the justice it deserves . The most surprising thing of all is that the movie still works , perhaps not in the guttural reaction but more of a cognitive possibility or immediate subconscious . This all could happen . It is n't in the realm of impossibility or located in a foreign country ( as most modern horror is , i.e. Hostel , Touristas , Cry Wolf , Saw , etc ) . At times it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imaginations . I believe it is this element that keeps people terrified or at the very least wary of going outside at night with the signature soundtrack still vivid in their head . It still works because we can substitute implied or tertiary killing with anything more terrifying that our mind can create . So we ourselves are contributing to our own fears and anxiety.<br /><br />Carpenter weaves a simple story about an everyday , middle class , suburban and relatively benign child who snaps on Halloween and kills his sister . He then spends the next 15 years in an institution ( which we thankfully do not experience ) only to escape and return to his hometown , the infamous Haddonfield . On his way he kills and kills . The child 's name is Michael Meyers , though he is not a person . John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implied safety of middle class suburbia . In the bastion of American safety and security , chaos can still strike.<br /><br />Michael ceased to be a person once he killed . He is not a serial killer , human being or psychopath . He is as unstoppable force . The generic overalls , bleached - white Shatner mask , and lack of any dialog other then some breathing , helps to dehumanize and complete Michael 's generification . This is the source of all his power . He is faceless , speechless and unremarkable in any way other than as a source of unrelenting chaos . This is helped by the cinematography ( post card effect ) , a lack of information / motivation / explanation and the veteran narrative experience of Donald Pleasence ( Dr. Loomis ) . His over the top performance and uneasiness sells " the Shape " . This is also the first film performance by Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode , the innocent girl who deters chaos in the face of overwhelming odds ( at least for a little bit ) . < br /><br />Though this is n't the first movie of this new niche of horror films ( Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier ) , it is the most successful and does not diminish upon reviewing . If you have n't been scared by horror movies in a long time ( like me ) , this will probably make the hairs on the back of your head tingle at the first chords of the signature soundtrack . I highly recommend this movie as a must see horror movie and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter 's career .
1 With a simplistic story and an engaging heroine , this was the horror movie that started it all . John Carpenter brings to life a nail - biting nightmare on Halloween night , when Laurie Strode ( Jamie Lee Curtis in her debut , career defining role ) and her mischievous friends plan a night of sneaky fun- only to cross paths with a relentless psychopath from hell . < br /><br />Michael Myers has escaped from a nearby insane aslyum ... having slaughtered his sister fifteen years earlier , he is now back in Haddonfield , the sleepy Illinois town where his murder took place . Once he sets his eyes on Laurie after she drops off a package to the abandoned house where he lived , he begins to stalk and terrorize her , turning her night of fun into terror as he picks off anyone in his path to get to her.<br /><br />Beautiful cinematography and lighting really make this moody horror flick scary ... with the long gloomy shots it constantly feels as if you 're being stalked by the maniacal serial killer himself . Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion.<br /><br />Although " Halloween " is certainly outdated , it is by no means less chilling . The idea alone is goose bump inducing , and this little shocker is one of the most famous and memorable horror movies ever made to this day ... it spawned seven sequels and eventually Rob Zombie 's equally scary remake , and it set a new standard for horror that still exists today .
1 It was " The Night HE Came Home , " warned the posters for John Carpenter 's career - making horror classic . Set in a small American town , Halloween centerers around serial killer Michael Myers ' attempts to track down his sister Laurie Strode , and in the process eliminates all her friends in rather brutal ways ... leaving poor Laurie to fight against the seemingly indestructible Michael . This plot out - line inspired countless horror knock - offs throughout the 80s , 90s and continues to do so today , as well as a poorly received 2007 remake . The difference between them , and this , is , quite simply , that " Halloween " is the best.<br /><br />Made on a very modest , tight budget ... Halloween changed the face of horror in 1978 and spawned the sub - genre of " sexually promiscuous - teens getting stalked by a knife / axe / chainsaw/ wielding psycho " .
1 There are two movie experiences I will always cherish . The first was seeing " Star Wars " for the first time at the age of 10 with my little brother . A close second is sneaking into Halloween at the Tripple Plex with my good friend , Trevor , in late October 1978 . Halloween left me breathless , speechless , and downright scared . Everyone knows the story . Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963 . He escapes a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to wreck havoc once again . He spots Laurie ( Jamie Lee Curtis ) , a shy senior who enjoys babysitting , and begins stalking her . Her partying friends across the street are killed , one - by - one as Michael sets his plot to get her . Ironically , the young boy she tends on Halloween is afraid of the " Boogeman , " and can see him outside . During the murder spree , Dr. Sam Loomis ( Donald Pleasance ) works hard to find Michael before he unleashes his fury . He has no proof , no evidence , just a hunch he has to sell to Sheriff Bracket ( Charles Cyphers ) . As the plot unfolds , you have a suspense - driven movie instead of a cheap thrill scare . Alfred Hitchcock once said , " You can have four men at a table playing cards and they do n't know there is a bomb and it goes off . That is a cheap thrill . However , put four men at a table who discover a bomb and discuss what to do about it -- then it does n't go off , then you have suspense . " Director John Carpenter takes that advice to the hilt in Halloween . The audience will see glimpses of him outside , watching , stalking his victims . We gasp . Will he kill her ? When will he kill her ? Then , Michael disappears . Carpenter also uses the suspense in lieu of special effects that usually highlight the gore . This movie has little blood , but still provides good scares . One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob off the ground . He rears the knife back as it glints off the moonlight , then he drives it . All you hear is a loud thud , then the audience sees Bob 's feet drop lifelessly . Carpenter was the first to use a vantage point from the scene of the killer . This also peaks our audience . What will he do ? What 's going on inside his mind ? Finally , Carpenter 's hauntingly masterful score adds to the tension . Moreover , the tandem screen writing he did with Debra Hill gives us a story which develops characters we care about . The teens are not " party mad , " but merely going through the rebellious angst of teenage wasteland . Finally , there is some decent acting in this " B , " low - budget thriller . Nick Castle who plays " the Shape " ( Michael ) adds something to the mindless killer . It is cold , merciless , and without any pathology . Moreover , the personality does everything the same way . He kills only when trapped , or to set up a trap . He splits the victims apart . He also relies on brute strength . And that mask used ( a bleached William Shatner mask ) gives an impression of something that has no soul or emotion . While Pleasance is melodramatic in his deadpan monologues , he comes across as someone scared , desperate , and determined . It made me wonder if he represented modernism 's fading attempt to explain evil . The crown jewel , though , is Jamie Lee Curtis ' debut . She plays the Laurie character as someone scared , but also determined and strong who fights back . The end is one that left me speechless . This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer who could not be stopped . Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can be enjoyed numerous times . Halloween , and other scary movies , though , do not have that advantage . So if we could erase our minds of the first time we see a movie to experience it again as fresh and new , Halloween would be the movie I would choose .
1 In 1978 a phenomenon began . The release of John Carpenter 's " Halloween " got people queueing around the block to witness the evil that is Michael Meyers . The critics loved it , the world loved it , it was imitated , and has gone down as one of the greatest movies in cinematic history.<br /><br />plot : 15 years after a murder took place , four friends ( all females ) are babysitting(and having it on with their boyfriends ) on Halloween night . After escaping from a hospital the night before , Michael myers Returns to his home town to stalk these people . He murders 3 of them silently and subtlety . He does not speak . He walks slowly . He hides .... <br /><br />Only one of the friends escapes , after being saved by Doctor Loomis ( Michael 's pursuer and doctor ) < br /><br />There is one reason why Halloween works so well . Simplicity . We do n't know where Michael is , we do n't know why he kills , and he frightens us . They 're the only reasons why we are afraid.<br /><br />John carpenter wrote the movie , and directed . He builds unbearable tension throughout the story , and scares to such a degree , that sometimes we can not watch . And the climax is truly startling.<br /><br />As horror , this is essential . It is terrifying and well acted . It is also mysterious . Michael is a force , not a human . A force that can not be denied.<br /><br />The sequels focused too much around Michael and his " history " . This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown . Perhaps that 's why this thing is a masterpiece .
1 Every now and then a movie advertises itself as scary or frightening , though they usually are n't . Most modern horror movies fit into this category.<br /><br />Then there are those movies that do n't simply cause the tension and adrenaline to pump through your veins harder than usual . They actually frighten you to a level that you 've never experienced.<br /><br />"Halloween " is such a film . It takes so many risks that would make most movie producers cringe . But nearly all of them work . " Halloween " is awe - inspiring in its simplicity , and terrifying as a whole.<br /><br />The story is simple . Laurie Strode ( Jamie Lee Curtis ) is babysitting some kids on Halloween night , while a madman is on the loose after escaping from a mental institution after brutally murdering his older sister 15 years ago . Of course , the madman , later known as Michael Myers , begins killing the local teenage population , and eventually he comes after Laurie.<br /><br />Sounds familiar , right ? Just another brainless slasher filled with dumb teenagers and gobs of gore . Not a chance.<br /><br />I think James Berardinelli puts it perfectly in his review of " Halloween : " " Because of its title , Halloween has frequently been grouped together with all the other splatter films that populated theaters throughout the late-1970s and early-1980s . However , while Halloween is rightfully considered the father of the modern slasher genre , it is not a member ... " < br /><br />He has a point , and for a number of reasons . First and foremost , it 's downright terrifying , whereas most entries into the teen slasher genre are dumb gore - fests ( one could argue that many recent ones are tongue - in - cheek , but most of those fail as well ) . Second , there is almost no violence ( very little of which is bloody ) . John Carpenter knows that violence does not equal scary , and he relies very little on it ( actually , the body count is pretty low ) . In fact , one can argue that this is n't really a horror movie , at least not by todays standards of having the most deaths that can be crammed into a single movie , each gorier and more sadistic than the last . He relies on ideas for scares , and also skill . Third , while some of the characters may do stupid things ( that sometimes seal their fate ) , they do n't do them because they 're dumb . The characters are real people , so instead of thinking that the characters die because they 're idiots , we 're frightened because they 're making a mistake.<br /><br />One of the main reasons why " Halloween " is so scary is because it is so easy to believe that it 's real . Nothing is hard to swallow in this film . There 's no supernatural , there 's no ridiculously creative plot elements , or " inventive " murders , or whatnot . Instead , all the set pieces and camera work ( save the opening sequence ) are simple . Carpenter just sets the camera in place and says action . What we get is the feeling that we 're actually seeing a murder take place right in front of us.<br /><br />Horror movies are probably the most difficult films to make because in order for something to be scary , everything has to be perfect , and ideas never work twice . It 's a hit or miss game , which is why if I were to tell you all the good ideas that Carpenter has ( which I 'm not ) , they 'd seem primitive ( particularly since they have been repeated with lesser effect over and over again through the years).<br /><br />Acting here is not a plus point because it does n't need to be . This is a movie about scary ideas , not a movie about dramatic , conflicted characters . The actors act like real people , not characters from a story . Nothing more . The exception to this is whoever plays The Shape , or later known as Michael Myers . It can be scary to have a person say nothing and simply kill , but it 's hard to pull off ( and even harder to keep people from asking why ) . But the guy pulls it off , and the result is terrifying.<br /><br />This is Carpenter 's movie through and through . He directed it , co - wrote it , co - produced it , and wrote the chilling score of it . This is a man of brilliance , and his later movie " The Thing " supports this statement , though The Thing is not as scary as " Halloween . " Unfortunately his success has dramatically diminished , as it happens when the lure of big money for less freedom is taken advantage of once big time producers " recognize your potential . " As good as this film is , it 's not without flaws . The famous opening scene is disturbing , but not very scary . And not many of the scares work for the first part of the movie . It 's not that it 's bad , it 's just that there 's no good reason to fear " The Shape . " Luckily , Carpenter mostly uses this time to set up a relationship between the characters and the audience . While there 's no intimacy in this relationship , it fits the purpose . We grow to know the characters , but not so much that it 's disheartening when they die . But once the film gets to Halloween night , that 's when Carpenter kicks things into high gear and it NEVER stops until you get to the end.<br /><br />While " Halloween " may be flawed , it is only slightly so . It is an immensely terrifying film , and a must see for anyone who loves scary movies . Be warned though , this movie will scare the living hell out of you !
1 I have only managed to see this classic for the first time a few weeks ago . Being made almost 30 years ago I thought the scary moments would be rather tame . Boy was I wrong . There are some great moments that sent shivers down my spine . Even the acting was great , Jamie Lee Curtis was fantastic and Donald Pleasance was superb.<br /><br />On the downside it can be rather slow to start but once it gets going there is no stopping it . It makes all the copycats , e.g. Nightmare on Elm Street , Scream look very tame . I ca n't really say it is Carpenter 's best because I have not seen many of his , the only one I can remember of his is Starman ( I think he made it ) . Halloween is the crowning achievement of the horror genre .
1 As of this writing John Carpenter 's ' Halloween ' is nearing it 's 30th anniversary . It has since spawned 7 sequels , a remake , a whole mess of imitations and every year around Halloween when they do those ' Top 10 Scariest Movies ' lists it 's always on there . That 's quite amazing for a film that was made on a budget of around $ 300,000 and featured a then almost completely unknown cast of up and coming young talent . I could go on and on , but the big question here is : How does the film hold up today ? And all I can say to that is , fantastically ! < br /><br />Pros : A simple , but spooky opening credits sequence that really sets the mood . An unforgettable and goosebump - inducing score by director / co - writer John Carpenter and Alan Howarth . Great cinematography . Stellar direction by Carpenter who keeps the suspense high , gets some great shots , and is careful not to show too much of his villain . Good performances from the then mostly unknown cast . A good sense of humor . Michael Myers is one scary , evil guy . A lot of eerie moments that 'll stay with you . The pace is slow , but steady and never drags . Unlike most other slasher films , this one is more about suspense and terror than blood and a big body count.<br /><br />Cons : Probably not nearly as scary now as it was then . Many of the goofs really stand out . < br /><br />Final thoughts : I want to start out this section by saying this is not my favorite film in the series . I know that 's not a popular opinion , but it 's really how I feel . Despite that it truly is an important film that keeps reaching new generations of film buffs . And just because it 's been remade for a new generation does n't mean it 'll be forgotten . No way , no how.<br /><br />My rating : 5/5
1 When I heard about " Hammerhead " being released on DVD and finally found it at my local DVD store , I thought " well , just another cheap monster movie from Nu Image " . Those guys around Boaz Davidson and Avi Lerner produced cheap but very entertaining B - Pictures in the past few months but also some very disappointing movies . So I did n't expect much , especially after having watched the rather disappointing " Shark Zone " just a few days before . But " Hammerhead " turned out to be an excellent revival of the 1950s monster movies . We have a mad scientist , a group of people in a dangerous situation , screaming women and damsels in distress , man - eating plants and of course we have the creature , a huge mutant mix between a man and a hammerhead shark . Everything you need for an entertaining monster movie . The only thing missing are graphic sex scenes and nudity which you expect in movies of this kind , but since the movie was made for TV it 's understandable why these scenes are missing . And it does n't matter anyway cause " Hammerhead " is action and horror entertainment at it 's best . There are two reasons why I gave it seven out of ten points , though : First of all , the monster is n't seen very often and the showdown with the destruction of the creature is too fast and poorly done , and secondly , William Forsythe just is n't the right guy for the " hero " part and for falling in love with gorgeous Hunter Tylo . Other than that , I can highly recommend this movie for any monster movie fan out there . Grab yourselves a cool drink and some popcorn , watch this movie and have fun . Jasper P. Morgan
1 Like the gentle giants that make up the latter half of this film 's title , Michael Oblowitz 's latest production has grace , but it 's also slow and ponderous . The producer 's last outing , " Mosquitoman-3D " had the same problem . It 's hard to imagine a boring shark movie , but they somehow managed it . The only draw for Hammerhead : Shark Frenzy was it 's passable animatronix , which is always fun when dealing with wondrous worlds beneath the ocean 's surface . But even that was only passable . Poor focus in some scenes made the production seems amateurish . With Dolphins and Whales , the technology is all but wasted . Cloudy scenes and too many close - ups of the film 's giant subjects do nothing to take advantage of IMAX 's stunning 3D capabilities . There are far too few scenes of any depth or variety . Close - ups of these awesome creatures just look flat and there is often only one creature in the cameras field , so there is no contrast of depth . Michael Oblowitz is trying to follow in his father 's footsteps , but when you 've got Shark - Week on cable , his introspective and dull treatment of his subjects is a constant disappointment .
1 Poorly cast , terrible script full of holes , hot blonde gets eaten alive , The evil scientist has a seriously nasty mustache , one man takes on a platoon of trained gunman and comes out victor , terrible special effects , they fix the problem by blowing the head off the monster ... Awesome . The only thing missing was an unnecessary graphic sex scene during one of the killings . Haha . Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners . I highly enjoyed this movie , but before you watch it make sure you 're in for a good laugh . I recommend this movie to people who can watch a movie and not take it so serious . I can not , in my right mind , think that this movie was made for people to take it seriously . However , if you can watch it and sit back and just enjoy , I really think you can enjoy this movie in the way it was meant to be enjoyed . Very simply . So get some popcorn and a couple beers and have a fun night with some friends and this movie . It brought some joy into my life .
1 This is about a mad scientist who creates a half shark - half man type critter on an uncharted island , then calls up all his old business and academic buddies to come and see his creation ( evil laugh ) but actually he wants his sharkman to kill them ! Lots of bad GCI , goofy plot elements , and babes sweating in tight T - shirts follow.<br /><br />These monster movies all follow a similar formula , but this one spices things up with a bit of humor ( I guarantee the folks who made this had tongues firmly planted in cheek ) , not to mention the sexy babes . But let 's mention those sexy babes - several hot babes , in tight T - shirts , sweating profusely . One 's in her undies at the beginning , another at the end . Thank you , thank you , makers of bad movies ! The plot is full of goofy stuff , a guy drives up in a jeep , slams it right into a tree , then offers to fly everyone off the island in a helicopter . Yeah , um , well , how 'bout we think about that for a while ; we 'll get back to you . The sharkman is hilarious - either awful CGI or an equally comedic guy in a rubber suit . The mad scientist gives a pretty good performance ; he 's evil , that 's his motivation , he makes no apologies.<br /><br />Overall , if you want a stupid , FUN B - movie , this one should do the job .
1 I truly enjoyed this film . The acting was terrific as was the plot . Jeff Combs has more talent than he is recognized for . The only part of this flick I would change was the ending . The death of the creature was far too gruesome for the Sci Fi Channel.<br /><br />There were some interesting religious messages in this film . Jeff Combs obviously played a Messiah figure and the creature ( or shark if you prefer ) represented the anti - Chirst . There were some particularly frightening scenes that had that ' end of the world feel ' . I only noticed this after my third viewing of this classic creature feature . I know many people wo n't get the references to Christianity , but if you watch close you 'll get it .
1 There is no relation at all between Fortier and Profiler but the fact that both are police series about violent crimes . Profiler looks crispy , Fortier looks classic . Profiler plots are quite simple . Fortier 's plot are far more complicated ... Fortier looks more like Prime Suspect , if we have to spot similarities ... The main character is weak and weirdo , but have " clairvoyance " . People like to compare , to judge , to evaluate . How about just enjoying ? Funny thing too , people writing Fortier looks American but , on the other hand , arguing they prefer American series ( ! ! ! ) . Maybe it 's the language , or the spirit , but I think this series is more English than American . By the way , the actors are really good and funny . The acting is not superficial at all ...
1 Best animated movie ever made . This film explores not only the vast world of modern animation with absolutely boggling effects , but the branches of the human mind , soul , and philosophy . The story features a family of cats , where in the big sister dies , the younger brother sees this and rescues her body , but when she awakens she is left without a soul . So , the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it . I have related this journey to many things . The history of the world , the bible , the cycle of life , and every time I watch it I discover more and more hidden themes and metaphors . If you are n't so into the physiological aspect of it then , you will still adore it . The animation is superb , and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen . For example , the ocean freezing in time , god eating soup out of the earth , a strange and slightly SNM retelling of Hansel and Gretel . To conclude , Cat Soup is an absolute treat for anyone.<br /><br />PS- Not for kids , gratuitous violence included .
1 Wow . A truly fantastic ' trip ' movie that has tons of super - surreal imagery , dark intent and a black , pretty strange sense of how cartoon animals must see the world . It 's populated with a very cute off - world bunch of characters that bend and flow with warped backgrounds . As with all cool fantasy , the wandering plot is secondary to the eye - popping visuals and we follow a little cat and his zombie sister as they encounter death , deluge , water elephants , samurai swordsmen and pigs that fish . I 'd never heard of it , but now I love it - probably because it reminded me of the surreal pencil - work of American cartoonist ; Bill Plympton . It 's a demented delight for fans of odd , pretty things and it had me glued to the screen for fear I 'd miss something amazing . Simply put , it 's ' Hello Kitty ' without the ' o ' .
1 A young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half ... or maybe not . < br /><br />Frankly I 'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange , very surreal images some of which parents might find disturbing , ( ie.the cats slicing off part of a pig who is traveling with them and the frying it like bacon which all three eat).<br /><br />This is a very strange film that some have likened to Hello Kitty on acid , I think its more like Hello Kitty as done by Dali . ( Certainly this is more alive than Destino which was directly based on his work).<br /><br />If your up for a very off beat film that will challenge your perceptions of things then see this movie . Just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever.<br /><br / >
1 Short , but long enough , Cat Soup is a very wild trip to watch . One day , I was just searching though my On - demand list through the anime section and came across it , and decided to watch it . I spent the whole time basically sitting with my jaw agape . The whole time I was either vacant of thought , or had a fleeting one which screamed " TURN IT OFF ! ! ! " . But I did n't . And actually , I 'm glad I did.<br /><br />The animation is stunning . Very artistic , odd and dark . I personally loved it for the amazing animation , but the seemingly vacant story behind it is equally compelling for myself.<br /><br />A young boy -- well , cat -- goes in search of his sister 's soul . In the first part she 's lying sick in bed , and is soon paid by a visit from a sort of grim reaper . Her soul is split in half . One is regained by the cat boy while the other half is lost.<br /><br />Then the rest of the film is slightly lost to me , honestly . I expect they go back , and their world is ... perhaps slowly falling apart ? Maybe her absence of soul is the answer behind this , for the rest of the film contains various stages of which the world 's in . First there 's a giant flood , and next it dries up into a bleak desert , and then everything freezes ( thanks to either what is God or fate , as you will see ) . Then I believe they find the sister 's soul in the form of an orange flower . After that , the whole world disappears . Haha , totally did n't get that , but it sends shivers down my spine each time.<br /><br />Despite it 's seemingly random scenes , I 'm sure there 's a deeper message behind it if you watch it enough and do some research . Personally , I LOVE trippy stuff like this , and would love to spend time doing that just to understand it . But to some people it 's probably not their cup of tea . It comes off as highly disturbing , so if you like your straight forward anime , this is not a film for you . If you have an open mind however , I highly recommend this movie .
1 Cat Soup at first seems to be a very random animated film . The best way I 've been able to explain it is that it 's quite acidic . Though it 's not totally random . The story is about Nyatta , a young cat boy and his sister Nyaako . Nyaako is very ill and dies , however , Nyatta sees her soul being taken away by death and is able to retrieve half of it . The story is about their quest to bring Nyaako fully back to life.<br /><br />Though a lot of the content in this movie seems completely random , it is not . Most of it is symbolism for life , death and rebirth . You can also see references from other tales , such as Hansel and Gretal . This strangely cute short film has an interesting story , packed with a deeper meaning than what you see on the surface of the screen .
1 CAT SOUP has two " Hello Kitty "- type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife , where anything can happen , and does . This mind - tripping Asian short uses no dialog , substituting word balloons instead . There is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself . And make sure no one under 10 is in the room . Dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes . Honest . Perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in , and also ride . But like practically everything else in this film , that silly , picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end .
1 I really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me .. But as an anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it was against my cultures and believes .. But hey , it 's the world of art .. ! ! the beginning of the film is very strong , strange and confusing.it's hard to understand the contents which make me respect the one who made it.only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film .. it 's absolutely not for kids .. even though the characters are cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventures that can not be erased(sorry if the spelling is wrong)from ones memory ..
1 Japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation , which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these , movies that ultimately end up on anime - fans hard - drives and college student 's floors , but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin . Cat Soup is one of those films that , from Western eyes , is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed . Really , it 's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.<br /><br />There 's no real dialog , which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles . A cat and his half - dead ( brain - dead ? ) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association . There 's a general theme of water , or lack thereof ( possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning ? Possibly because of the title ? ) . There 's an interesting sort of Genesis take . There 's a pig that gets to eat itself . An elephant made of water . And it 's gorgeous , compelling , exciting , and fun -- provided you do n't watch it around druggies who can not experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip . Eventually the movie turns itself off , adding another compelling self - reflexive level to the proceedings.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
1 this is a visual adaptation of manga with very little dialogue . what dialogue there is appears in word baloons as it would in the manga . the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for . there is an issue of the manga on which this is based available in english in the blast books collection , ' comics underground japan ' , and it has actual captioned dialogue that explains the plot a bit more than here . i recommend checking that volume out if you liked this , as it explains some of the " plot " of the movie , which is otherwise inexplicable . animation wise this is pretty decent , good unintrusive use of computers and the images are for the most part realized well . it jumps in and out of episodes , as the characters , a cat and his brain - dead older sister cat wander in and out of a series of odd images : a boat , a circus , a desert . for a mere half hour they go through a number of semi - plots and settings , which leads me to believe that the director chose a number of issues of the long - running manga to adapt at random , but primarilly selected visually . knowing what 's going on might somewhat increase appreciation . this reminds me mostly of the kind of stuff they used to play on the mtv show , cartoon sushi , in particular a short that features a cat chasing a man 's severed butt - cheek around the house . only in this case the cats resemble hello kitty more and their adventure is expanded to include death and reincarnation and a number of other themes [ though not all that easy to tell what 's going on ] . the dvd of this has director 's commentary and a " making of " features , but i ca nt comment on those because i did nt get around to them . i 'm giving this a 8/10 for now , here is nt much to compare it to in anime , and i hope for more like this .
1 This movie will not sit well with some , but it is a must view . I am glad someone finally brought up for discussion the realities of HOW African American couples worked to make a name in communities and how many of them felt trying to stay there as " other " African Americans moved in.<br /><br />(Minor Spoilers)<br /><br />This little Showtime film is almost like a Spike Lee Joint ... you have an African American male ( Danny Glover ) who worked his way HARD through the traditionally white law profession positions in the 1970 's . Like ANY American , he moved his family to be compatable with his upwardly mobile status but forgot , there was still alot of problems going on . The only African Americans in the neighborhood at the time was the maids . One owning a home ? Wow.<br /><br />Then the blending in began . His wife ( Whoopi Goldberg ) is told to " get involved " so she does what all the other women in her neighborhood do . And just when the man thinks he and his family are " in " , right next door comes another African American who got in because they won the " lotto " ( Mo'nique ) , and in his eyes and he wants nothing to do with them for he does n't want the neighborhood to think they are alike . He , of course is of a better calibre , his new neighbor is " ghetto " not an should n't be there ! Who 's got a problem now?<br /><br />What this film shows you is the great pains it takes for this family to fit in , and how they lose themselves in the process . It makes you question where does racism begin and end ... and with whom . It shows how no matter what colour you are and how much money you have , you can still shut yourself off from the real world and helping those around you . It also shows how these African American children , when " blending in " neighborhoods such as these fall into the trap of changing themselves to suit the culture ( complete with blonde hair and blue eyes , mind you ! ) around them . They laugh along with the jokes , not knowing they ARE the joke and not knowing .. why.<br /><br />But overall , this film is about ' people ' . No matter what race you are , this film gets into how terrible you can be towards your neighbor and toward each other ... all for the sake of fitting in .. all because you feel you have more money than others , so that automatically makes you better -- and you forget the struggles you had and those coming up behind you.<br /><br />Again , NOT for everyone . But take a look and judge for yourself.<br /><br / >
1 This Showtime movie really deserves a far better viewer rating than a 4.5 ; I gave it a 10 based on the story and the acting of the two stars . After reading the viewer comments , I was surprised at how many folks expected this movie to be a comedy . Yeah , I see that IMDb lists it as Comedy / Drama under Genre . That sure is misleading , is n't it ? Fortunately , I saw the movie before logging onto this website so I did not have that expectation . In fact , based on the synopsis of what I heard , I fully expected it to simply be a Drama . I 'm wondering if disappoint at this not being a funny movie caused so many low votes.<br /><br />Another factor that might have caused low votes is that this movie is very much ' character - driven ' . ' Driving Miss Daisy ' is an example of another character - driven movie that comes to mind . Someone 's previous comment complained about a boring trial . Tom 's ( Danny Glover ) work scenes seemed to distract from the real plot of the movie . That is , how he was engineering the upward social climb of his family - or his personal troops , if you will . However , they served to establish credibility and justification as his right to move to Greenwich and move ' up ' in the world.<br /><br />Tom 's obsession became a compulsion . He proved that he would stop at nothing to blend into the white neighborhood . His chagrin when another black person moved next door was not due to skin color . It was because of everything the ' interloper ' represented ; everything that Tom had left behind . In essence , Tom had become an Oreo cookie : Black on the outside but White on the inside.<br /><br />The last 20 minutes of this movie are among the most powerfully written , directed and acted ( by Whoopi Goldberg ) I have ever had the pleasure to witness . I realized that the climax of the film was not the obvious event that happened next door ( do n't want to give it away ) . The climax is verbal and Whoopi delivers it . I am still not clear if it is the conversation when she informs Tom which college Tom -Two is going to or when she releases it , all in the middle of the night and Tom wakes up . Nevertheless , the denouement is great . You know that life on that street will never be the same.<br /><br />My favorite kind of character - driven flick : people go through problems , some pain , do their dance , they grow , they change , and life goes on . As an audience member , I may learn something or be inspired .
1 I enjoyed this movie quite a lot . I have always been a fan of Whoopi Goldberg and this movie only emphasizes it . She portrays a housewife in an African - American family which is moving up the social chain due to the husband 's ( Danny Glover ) success as an attorney . She moves to an all white neighborhood where the people are friendly , yet a little awkward toward her . The various events that arise during the course of the movie make for SOME laughs but mostly appeal to the other emotions . This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama . I give it a strong 8/10 . I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon .
1 i really in enjoyed watching this movie . like most of the people that watched it . i was n't sure that i was getting . Whoopi Goldberg is a very funny comedian and she has done a lot of funny movies ; i.e. sister act.<br /><br />however this was not really comedy . it is a drama with comedic moments . so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.<br /><br />this movie is about a black family moving up from a nice neighborhood in the city to an upper middle class neighborhood . i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie . this movie does not just deal with race relations between whites and blacks , but also about relations with in the black community . i do think that it is worth a chance . if your not really interested in see another movie about race relations then this movie is n't for you
1 Nothing new is this tired serio - comedy that wastes the talents of Danny Glover and Whoopi Goldberg . Considering that this was produced by the stars and Spike Lee , it 's pretty tame and tired stuff . And how come the Whoop never changes her hair or glasses over the many years this film covers ? Blah !
1 Contrary to what those who hate Christianity , the 700 Club provides real answers as well as inspiration . It also provides reliable news , logical commentary and a different view than what ABC , CBS , NBC and PBS thinks is best . Unlike other programs , which provide social and faith - related commentary , those who are behind the 700 Club provide help for those in need , such as feeding the hungry with Operation Blessing , providing medical help to those living in poverty - stricken communities and giving hope to those who need hope . It 's not at all hateful . If the 700 Club offends you , I suggest reaching for the remote control and turning the channel on your TV set . I do the same thing when I find CNN Headline News or for that matter , programs which I find biased or offensive . What I find offensive is the way that the ABC Family inserts the disclaimer that the views of the 700 Club do not reflect those of ABC Family .
1 The person 's comment that said that Pat Robertson is evil and his program is evil has nothing to compare what evil and righteous is . His definition of evil is the opposite of evil . The Bible itself says that in the last days people will call good evil and evil good ! He does n't even know that he fulfilled Bible prophecy ! If you do n't know God and refuse to know him now , that 's okay . He still loves you but when you do finally bow your knee to Him , and you will , it will be too late for you . God sends no one to hell , not even you ! You will go there of your own decision and your spewing defines it ! May God have mercy on you and give you a Damascus Road experience . The 700 Club and Pat Robertson 's ministry is one of the reasons I 'm still here . On the edge of alcoholism , adultery , and probably death , God reached through the TV screen and used Pat Robertson to do it , and thank God He did ! You have a right to say what you said but you do n't have a right to curse with your words . God have mercy on you .
1 The 700 Club gives a great perspective on world events . Some have described it as disingenuous or cheesy . I find the program to be informative and inspirational . It is only natural for many to throw mud on a program that has proved to be so successful . There are very few shows that can point to a 40 year track record of success in the world of television media and The 700 Club is one of them . While Mr. Robertson may have been wrong to say that someone should be assassinated , I find it curious that so many people will literally trip over themselves to hop on the bandwagon of criticism . I have certainly said some foolish things in my life . I would certainly be willing to forgive Mr. Robertson since he puts out a great show .
1 I totally disagree with the other reviews . All basically negative . I took a chance on this movie and was glad that I did . Glad indeed . I could n't find anything wrong with it . Nothing period . The script is original . The actors are all likable and convincing . Dee Smart reminded me of Marcia Brady from the Brady Bunch . But this gal truly can act . The setting in the Australian Outback is perfect . Incredible scenery . Great soundtrack i.e Paul Kelly . God bless Paul Kelly . The Cranberries are also here . I have seen this movie twice in less than 24 hrs . I will probably watch it again . It is that interesting . It makes one think . It is(was)probably better than nine - tenths of the so - called Hollywood blockbusters that were also out during this time . Back Of Beyond is a likable . Well photographed film . I could n't find anything wrong with it . Check it out!My first review !
1 I loved this series when it was on Kids WB , I did n't believe that there was a Batman spin off seeing as the original show ended in 1995 and this show came in 1997 . First of all I loved the idea of Robin leaving Batman to solve crime on his own . It was an interesting perspective to their relationship . I also liked the addition of Tim Drake in the series , and once again like it 's predecessor this show had great story lines , great animation ( better then the original ) , fantastic voice work and of course brilliant writing . The only thing that I did n't like was that was when it was in the US it would often run episodes in a 15 minute storyline . I just wish some of the episodes could be longer . My favorite episode of any Batman cartoons comes in this series , and it 's called " Over the Edge " , in my opinion as good if not better then " Heart of Ice " and " Robin 's reckoning . " Overall a nice follow up , along with Superman this show made my childhood very happy .
1 The New Batman Adventures ( also called Gotham Knights ) takes place 5 years after the final episodes of Batman : the Animated Series ( B : TAS ) and only aired for 24 episodes . This is n't a horrible show , but it just is n't as good as the original Batman Animated Series . I 'll start with all the things that I found not to be very good.<br /><br />First thing 's first , the animation itself : long and sweet , Gotham is n't dark anymore , the sky is always bright red and orange , B : TAS did this also , but it was drawn on a dark palate , do the colour of the sky was more ominous , in this show , the colour of the sky is too bright . It all just looks like any other kids show and does n't seem unique like Batman : TAS did with it 's dark , cool art style on Gotham . The art style is OK , but does n't remind me of Batman anymore . Every character is comprised of straight lines , squares , and triangles making characters look less human - like . In the original series ( B : TAS ) , characters look more like drawn versions of real people . The animation may be more consistent here than in B : TAS , but it definitely is n't as good . < br /><br />Next : some of the episodes seem too dumbed down and childish , but some of the subject matter is even stronger than in B : TAS.(Two - Face attempting to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2 , and some villains get some pretty harsh treatment ) . This leads me to my next point.<br /><br />Because this is supposed to take place in the future as well as the final episodes of the Batman Animated Universe , many villains do meet their demise or leave forever . Poison Ivy apparently drowns when a cruise ship explodes ; Two - Face nearly kills Penguin , Killer Croc , and himself , so he 's moved to Arkham forever ; Joker falls into the exhaust tower of an industrial plant ( though he will return later on the Justice League Animated Series ) ; Catwoman moves away to France leaving Batman , etc ... Just because the series is ending does not mean that they have to get rid of some great characters ! The villains ' motives are pretty bad , too . There are none ! In B : TAS , we learn that these villains are mentally tormented and their lives are ruined , that 's why they act the way they do , in this show , the villains are just committing crimes to progress the story . It 's like Batman just does n't even care about saving whatever sanity there is left in the people that he fights , he just beats them senseless . This Batman is a colder and meaner version of the character , but since he 's been doing this job for years , I can see why he is so harsh . < br /><br />Next , the redesigned character models : they 're awful . Gordon slimmed down about 100 pounds ... is he sick ? Many villains look STUPID ( Joker , Riddler , Catwoman , Mr. Freeze , Mad Hatter , and Killer Croc are among the WORST ) . Although , I do think that some characters look better ( Bane , Scarecrow , Batgirl ) . Harley is about the same , and Ivy ( who is even hotter now ) has pale green skin.<br /><br />With the series having many faults , some episodes are great- Over the Edge , Mad Love , Beware the Creeper , Girls Night Out , Old Wounds , Legends of the Dark Knight , and Never Fear are my favourite ones here , in my opinion . All of the crossovers featuring Batman in the Superman Animated Series were great , also.<br /><br />The absolute WORST part about this show is how the creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original . On the DVD features of the original Batman Animated Series , they talk about how proud they were with the art style , and how difficult some characters were to animate , but they did eventually succeed with ( the difficult animation necessary to animate Clayface , for example ) . On the DVD features of the New Batman Adventures , the creators basically say " To Hell with B : TAS , this is a fresh , new re - vamp , it looks better and we love how we NEARLY RUINED THE SERIES ! " ( Alright , that is an exaggeration ) . When the creators cast away the amazing art style of B : TAS , that really annoyed me!<br /><br />It 's not a bad show , but I still do n't like it as much as the original animated series . At least the show does n't talk down to its audience , so for that reason , I still commend it . Though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching . < br /><br />Superman : the Animated Series , and Justice League : the Animated Series are great follow - up shows to Batman : the Animated Series and The New Batman Adventures , so give them a watch as well .
1 I liked it ... just that ... i liked it , not like the animated series ... i love it!!!. The fact that this make less appealing is that we all try to compare and not to appreciate , but this cartoon was awesome , but it really did n't like it that much . There 's too much people talking about Bruce being so cold , but if this is around 5 years later , anybody in a crime - fighting gang would get this angry and darker attitude , so to me it is n't a flaw . Batgirl was awesome she really fit there , as there is n't more Dick Grayson as a robin , batman needed a good teammate , not like the new robin , he is just a child and you ca nt rely that much on a child . But heres what did n't work : The new artwork ... it is n't horrible but ... to me it does'nt work in a series like batman . This is a dark character , with a maniac killer like the joker , so you ca nt put this kind of artwork in this cartoon , The joker is n't a bad design but i still like the past joker ( but to me the BEST joker ever was the one who appeared in batman beyond : return of the joker ) , so this joker is n't near as good . The good thing about the joker is that it still mark Hamil voice . My favorite character : Harley Quinn ( i m in love for her ) They put an awesome episode for her : Mad love ( to me the best episode of this series ) . Here we finally know how she turned Harley Quinn , and how the joker twisted her mind , and it feel that atmosphere that you feel in the animated series , darker , no happy ending , brutal fight with the joker ( but too short ) , this is how it was to be ALL the series . BUT in general i did n't like how she made Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they put funny but in a ridiculous way , she get punched , she say nonsenses , she make flaws ... c'mon she is funny in a way you can laugh with her , not from her ... and here they put ridiculous ( like i said the only episode where i do n't think that its in mad love and beware of the creeper ) So in general its a good series , it has it upsides and downs , the drawn could be better ( MY GOOD ! ! ! KILL THAT CATWOMAN ! ! ! ! ) nice sound effects , nice music , nice voices and nice episodes : my favorites , Mad love , Jokers millions , Old Wounds , Sins of the father , and Cold comfort . If you enjoyed Batman : TAS you can watch this but do n't spec too much , in the other hand if you did n't watched TAS , watch this first and then watch TAS in that way you 're really gon na love TAS :D
1 This is so to say a sequel to batman the animated and it is pretty much as good as it to and for all the same reasons it has lots of action in it the storyline to it is good the voice over actors are really good such as Kevin Conroy as batman , Mark Hamil as the Joker , etc . The villains are really good such as The Joker , Two - face , Catwoman , Clayface , etc . So i am sure you will not be disappointed with the new adventures of batman because it is really good . So make sure that you watch it on TV or rent or buy the collectors edition because it is really good.<br /><br />Overall score : * * * * * * * * * out of * * * * * * * * * * < br /><br / > * * * * out of * * * * *
1 Two years passed and mostly everyone looks different , some for good and some for worse . I still enjoyed as much as I did the original though.<br /><br />Some flaws they had though like changing the Joker he now has no red lips and looks like more blackish hair and black pupils , he s still voiced by Mark Hamill which is a plus I guess . They made Poison Ivy more white hinting that she is becoming more like a plant and Catwomen looks much different and not as " attractive " as she was in the original.<br /><br />Though costumes like Batman , Batgirl , Killer Croc and Scarecrow look badass , especially Scarecrow.<br /><br />The show is n't as dark as the original because Batman does n't work as alone as he used to . Most of the time working with Batgirl and the new Robin , Tim Drake . While NightWing(Dick Grayson ) comes to the rescue often . Batman gave up the yellow logo and with the black wing on his suit and seems like he got a bit bigger but still kicking tons of ass.<br /><br />The show is n't as good as the original mostly because of some of the revamped characters but the stories are as exciting as ever and the dialogue is still elite . " Over the Edge " might be one of the greatest Batman episodes ever so make sure you check that out.<br /><br />Overall 8 - 9/10
1 If this film strikes you ( as it did us and , apparently , others departing the theater ) as disappointingly thin , it may be because the subject herself is mildly disappointing . The film faithfully presents us Bettie Page as she probably was : a playful almost - innocent from the rural South whose career as " the pinup queen of the universe " was for her just goofy , natural fun . Her eventual moral qualms , religious conversion and sudden departure from nude and bondage modeling are biographically accurate , yet hard to understand given how untroubled she seemed by her livelihood.<br /><br />There are many reasons to see this film even so , not least of which are the amazing b&w noir cinematography of W. Mott Hopfel III ( complete with old fashioned wipes and dissolves ) , the 1950's - faithful acting of the cast under the direction of Mary Harron , pitch - perfect performances by some of our most underrated supporting actors ( including Chris Bauer , Lili Taylor , Sarah Paulson , Austin Pendleton , Dallas Roberts and Victor Slezak ) , not to mention the Oscar - worthy and technically difficult lead performance of Gretchen Mol.<br /><br />Ms . Mol does several scenes fully naked and most others in amazing period lingerie and " specialty " costumes ( gloriously assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn ) , yet she astonishingly maintains Bettie Page 's unstudied pleasure in her lush body . To watch Ms. Mol as Ms. Page , an aspiring actress , progressing through degrees of progressively less " bad " auditions and student acting scenes is to see a truly fine actress in complete control of her craft.<br /><br />The script does effectively bring us into 1950 's America , where childhood sexual abuse , lawless abduction and rape , and the legal suppression of brands of pornography which today seem laughably tame , is a reality . 50 's New York is evoked with seamlessly - inter cut news reel footage . 50 's Miami comes alive in super - saturated , 16mm - style color . The real Bettie Page seems to scamper , smile and pose before us , and yet the effect is curiously lightweight , barely lewd and not at all dangerous.<br /><br />How odd that bondage 's greatest icon should be so lacking in venom , and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little sting .
1 More a snapshot of the most popular pinup of all time than your typical dragged out biopic , this fun and fabulous film has the look and feel of the era with an excellent soundtrack and everything you would want in an indie - type film . I think the tendency would be to portray Bettie Page as some sort of sex vixen , like a Jayne Mansfield . But if you 've truly looked carefully at Bettie 's poses , she always looked happy . Not a " you wish you could get with me " haughty look , nor the " I 'm just doing this because my acting career did n't work out " look of a porn star . And so , the ladies involved with this film ( three female producers , a female writer/ director , female co - writer and the lovely Gretchen Mol , who I 'm sure helped shape this role with her own sugary influence ) really captured the idea of a sweet , somewhat naive , southern girl who really enjoyed having her photo taken and hoped that good ol' JC would n't be too upset with her . < br /><br />Gretchen Mol turns out a career high performance ( she may just have the most perfect breasts ever ) , which I am happy about , because she did have the curse . Several years ago , she made the cover of Vanity Fair when no one really knew who she was , touting her as the next It - girl . And let 's be frank , that was a bit presumptuous . I mean unfortunately she has never made it to Gwyneth status , though not for lack of talent . Making a few poor film choices when you are a pretty blonde in fickle Hollywood renders you forgettable I 'm afraid . If this does n't put her back on the A - list , well I 'll be a monkey 's uncle.<br /><br />Intensely private , Bettie herself has not seen the film yet . Bettie left the pinup party on a high note and fell in love with her old flame , Jesus . Whatever floats your boat honey . You were one helluva woman . I hope you 're happy wherever you are.<br /><br />Congratulations Mary Harron , you 've done our cult idol justice .
1 Canadian filmmaker Mary Harron is a cultural gadfly whose previous films laid bare some the artistic excess of the Sixties and the hollow avaricious Eighties . With " The Notorious Bettie Page " she points her unswerving eye at Fifties America , an era cloaked in the moral righteousness of Joe McCarthy , while experiencing the beginnings of a sexual awakening that would result in the free love of the next decade . Harron and her co - writer Guinevere Turner , are clearly not interested in the standard biopic of a sex symbol . This is a film about the underground icon of an era and how her pure unashamed sexuality revealed both the predatory instincts and impure thoughts of a culture untouched by the beauty of a nude body . If the details of Bettie 's life were all the film was concerned about , then why end it before her most tragic period was about to begin . Clearly , Harron is more interested in America 's attitudes towards sexual imagery then and now . Together with a fearless lead performance by Gretchen Mol and the stunningly atmospheric cinematography of W.Mott Hupfel III , she accomplishes this goal admirably , holding up a mirror to the past while making the audience examine their own " enlightened " 21st Century attitudes towards so - called pornography . As America suffocates under a new conservatism , this is a film needed more than ever .
1 Bettie Page was a icon of the repressed 1950s , when she represented the sexual freedom that was still a decade away , but high in the hopes and dreams of many teenagers and young adults . Gretchen Mol does a superb job of portraying the scandalous Bettie , who was a small town girl with acting ambitions and a great body . Her acting career went nowhere , but her body brought her to the peak of fame in an admittedly fringe field . Photogrsphed in black and white with color interludes when she gets out of the world of exploitation in New York , this made - for - TV ( HBO ) film has good production values and a very believable supporting cast . The problem is , it 's emotionally rather flat . It 's difficult to form an attachment to the character , since Bettie is portrayed as someone quite shallow and naive given the business she was in . The self - serving government investigations are given a lot of screen time , which slows down the film towards the end . But it 's definitely worth watching for the history of the time , and to see the heavy - handed government repression that was a characteristic of the fifties . 7/10
1 For a film that 's ostensibly about sex and leather , it does n't have any right to be as oddly sweet as it is . The story of Bettie Page , a good Christian girl from the South who 's momma would n't let her date until she married , who moved to New York and ended up becoming the most successful pin - up of her age , is driven by an outstanding performance from Gretchen Moll . Her Page ca n't quite reconcile the pictures that she takes ( nobody 's allowed to touch , it 's all fun and respectful ) with the pornography trials and supposed ill - effects that her images have on the world around her.<br /><br />Page has been an inspiration to every burlesque artist since , not just because she had a figure to die for , but because she invested every picture with an innocent sense of fun that was uniquely sexy and simple at the same time . Rather like this film , in fact . Filmde in both black and white and glorious technicolour , it 's a lovely way to spend a couple of hours .
1 I saw this movie at the 2006 Palm Springs International Film Festival and it is a movie and not a film since it apparently was shot by HBO to be shown on their cable network sometime this year . This movie presents Page as a bondage and discipline fetish pinup and B&D stag film actress who had enough talent to become a real actress . Page was a little more than that and the film touches on some of her other roles in modeling but not enough to balance out the career of the 50 's pinup icon . This film is supposedly based on the book " The Real Bettie Page " by Richard Foster . It 's shot in black and white for that 1950 's nostalgia feel . I have the book called " Bettie Page The Life of a Pinup Legend " that has a lot of great photos chronicling the career of Page and I must say that this movie reproduces on film , with Gretchen Mol as Page , many of those famous photo 's very accurately . Mol herself with the Bettie Page black wig and brown contact lenses is Bettie Page . Not only does she have the Bettie Page look but she has the smile and characteristics of her personality that came through the camera down perfect . And her body is as close to a replica of Page 's as possible . Terrific casting . The story is kind of thin and tabloidesque and certainly could have been a lot better . But this is a pretty good TV movie . I would rate it a 7.0 of a scale of 10 and recommend it 's viewing when it comes on TV .
1 " The Notorious Bettie Page " is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress but instead became one of the most famous pin up girls in the history of America . Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in America . The type of modeling Bettie Page took part in included nudity and bondage which lead to a U.S Senate investigation in the 1950s.<br /><br />Walking out of the film , all I could think about was how far we have come in terms of pornography since the 1950s . You can go on the internet now and find some of most disturbing and shocking images ever shot , that the footage questioned in " The Notorious Bettie Page " seems almost childlike and innocent . Most of the footage including the bondage did not feature nudity when Bettie Page was involved yet today we have sick images where we can see women having sex with animals . I find that maybe the envelope has been pushed a little too far since the 1950s because looking at this movie in terms of today 's pornography , it was very tastefully done.<br /><br />To be honest , I was pretty impressed with " The Notorious Bettie Page , " I found the film to be very well done and interesting . The movie is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in America . Gretchen Mol looks just like Bettie Page and gives a very fine performance . I also thought that since the movie was shot in black and white it made the film seem realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching a film created in the late 1950s.<br /><br />My only complaint about the film was the running time , there seemed to be a few scenes that were cut and seemed to be a little shorter than they should have been . I looked this up and it seems that 10 minutes was cut from the film since its original showing at the Toronto Film Festival . Also the ending was pretty tame and I was expecting a little more from it or maybe some paragraphs to come on the screen to tell the audience more about Bettie Page 's life where the film left off . Those are my only two complaints about the film other than that the directing was solid , the acting was great especially Gretchen , and the writing was good.<br /><br />Mary Harron , who directed " American Psycho " , which is one of my favorite films , is the director and writer of " The Notorious Bettie Page . " I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a setting and create great movies based on characters because like " Psycho " , Bettie Page is a character study and a fine one at that . Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease as well as all the characters . She is a very talented director who I hope will be around for many years to come.<br /><br />Bottom Line : " The Notorious Bettie Page " is definitely worth a look . It 's a very interesting story that shows how far America , as well as the world , has come in terms of pornography . The film also provides a fine performance by Gretchen Mol who literally nails the role of Bettie Page on the head . And top it off with a talented director who was able to capture the look and feel of a previous era and you have a good movie on your hands . Sadly , this film is probably going to flop since not many besides people who grew up in this era will show interest in the film but I think it 's worth checking out.<br /><br />MovieManMenzel 's final rating for " The Notorious Bettie Page " is a 8/10 . It 's an interesting character study about one of the most famous pin up girls and sex icons in American history .
1 I had a vague idea of who Bettie Page was , partly due to her appearance in the very wee days of Playboy ( apparently , when she got her photo taken of her and her Santa hat , just that , she did n't know what the mag was ) . The movie , co - written and directed by American Psycho 's Mary Harron , fleshes out the key parts of her life well enough . A southern belle of a church goer has some bad experiences and leaves them behind to seek better times in New York City , where she gets into modeling , and from there a lot more . Soon , she becomes the underground pin - up sensation , with bondage the obvious ( and " notorious " of the title ) trait attributed to her . The actress Gretchen Moll portrays her , and gets down the spirit of this woman about as well as she could , which is really a lot of the success of the film . She 's not a simplistic character , even if at times her ideas of morality are questionable ( " well , Adam and Eve were naked , were n't they ? " she comments a couple of times ) . Apparently , the filmmakers leave out the later years of Page 's life and leave off with her in a kind of redemptive period , leaving behind the photo shoots for Jesus.<br /><br />In all , the Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a kind of usual bio - pic presented by HBO films , albeit this time with the stamina for a feature - film release . The best scenes that Harron captures are Page in her " questionable " positions , getting photos of her in over - the - top poses and starring in ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms . This adds a much needed comic relief to the film 's otherwise usual nature . It 's not that the story behind it is uninteresting , which involves the government 's investigation into the ' smut ' that came out of such photos and underground magazines . But there is n't much time given to explore more of what is merely hinted at , with Page and her complexities or her relationships or to sex and the fifties . It 's all given a really neat black and white look and sometimes it seemed as if Harron was progressing some of the black and white photos to be tinted more as it went along . It 's a watchable view if you 're not too knowledgeable of Bette Page , and probably for fans too .
1 First , let me say that Notorious is an absolutely charming film , very lovingly rendered of its time and subject(s ) . Gretchen Mol is utterly , painfully convincing , the very soul of the contradictions smoothly reified by Ms. Page herself . Irving and Paula Klaw are richly drawn as the working - class stiffs they were ( having met Paula at Movie Star News in 1990 I can say that Lili Taylor 's performance is unimpeachable ) , and Jared Harris as John Willie ( Coutts ) is an adoringly debauched genius . Anyone with an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes toward sexuality must see this movie , in a theater preferably , where votes made with dollars count more.<br /><br />Second , I will allow that I am a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaws would become famous , which is no way affects my estimation of Ms. Harron 's work as the splendid piece that it is , but does condition my view of Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order . Ms. Harron has crafted a work of subtle subversion . Along with V for Vendetta , it is a movie about another time for our times.<br /><br />Few readers of this site will be aware that the government they will see enacted in Notorious ( through transcription of the very words uttered in closed Senate committee hearings ) is a very close approximation of the one they live under right now . While Ms. Harron expressly disallows that she has a political agenda appended to this film , her faithfulness to the facts , and the respectful and unsensational way in which she renders them , synchronizes Notorious with the present day . The very acts that Notorious portrays in loving and accurate detail are defined as obscene by the Communications Decency Act , recently brought to the Supreme Court as a First Amendment case and turned back there at the behest of the Bush administration . In other words , the delicate and ineffectual bondage depicted in Notorious is indictable today by Federal prosecutors in whatever ( hostile ) jurisdiction they choose . Of course , there were no hearings in the Senate or elsewhere on this matter when the CDA was passed . Of course you know nothing about it , because you do n't want people in Peoria telling you what you can and can not look at ( likewise , people in Peoria probably do n't want me telling them what they 're allowed to view ) . Of course Notorious will never be indicted . It 's Hollywood . It 's lawyered up . Countless Klaws will , however , continue to be steamrolled by a puritanical bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic , moral or biological composition much in 50 + years.<br /><br />In addition , Notorious posts no 18 USC 2257 compliance statement , which is mandated by the unnoticed " earmark " recently voted into law . If any media contains images of " sadomasochistic restraint " it is required to make available ( ex warrant ) records of age and circumstance of all performers . Notorious fails in this regard also.<br /><br />In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an ( nearly ) accurate historical document , Notorious will be the litmus against which the Bush Justice Department is itself judged with respect to the 14th ( Equal Protection ) Amendment and on perhaps several other Constitutional grounds . In this regard alone , a debt of gratitude is owed Mary Harron . You 'll be grateful in any case , Constitutional or otherwise , if you see this film .
1 THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE ( 2006 ) * * * 1/2 Gretchen Mol , Lilli Taylor , Chris Bauer , Jared Harris , Sarah Paulson , David Strathairn , Austin Pendleton , Norman Reedus , Dallas Roberts . < br /><br />Mol shines as legendary pin - up queen Bettie Page in a fine biopic.<br /><br />Gretchen Mol is probably best known for being tauted as The Next - It - Girl a few years ago when no one knew who she was despite an infamous cover story by Vanity Fair among other media dubbings but despite a few co - starring roles here and there her predicted stardom seemed to twinkle less brightly until now . Here as the famous pin - up queen Bettie Page , Gretchen Mol is indeed a shining star on the rise.<br /><br />Bettie Page was Tennessee born raised as a God - fearing and family oriented proper girl who seemed to find herself the unwarranted object of lust and affection , as she grew older . A gang - rape that is flashbacked is wisely not graphically depicted nor is the subtle showing of her own father having less- than - decent designs for his own kin which is important to understand how Page managed to escape the possible nightmarish life for a career as an actress by heading to New York City in the 1950s when in fact that was the time and place to be to catch lighting in a bottle . What Page did n't realize is that in fact she would be just that when she arrived.<br /><br />A beautiful raven haired sweetheart with a divine figure , Page is spotted on Coney Island one summer day by a black policeman asking to take her photograph which leads to her posing in his basement and eventually to the studios of Irving Klaw ( Bauer ) and his sister Paula ( Taylor ) who cater their kitschy but considered pornographic stills to a unique clientele : fetish types.<br /><br />Although Page is rather naïve she is undeniably smart and knows that her body is not a sin and can see the forest for the trees in the sense that she is in control - or at least abides in what is offered her as work in that it is not indecent and she is having fun in her increasingly less - clothed portraits - until a Congressional witch - hunt seeks out a few scapegoats to make pornographic images a crime . < br /><br />Talented filmmaker Mary Harron and her screen writing partner Guinevere Turner ( " An American Psycho " and " I Shot Andy Warhol " ) streamline the biopic trappings rather neatly and maybe a bit too hasty in getting at who really was Bettie Page although they do justice in depicting an era of uptightness at its zenith . Large thanks to gifted cinematographer Mott Hopfel for his languorously gorgeous black and white images and also the sprinkled color segments that recall Douglas Sirk films of the era for its melodramatic kindlings . Part feminist treaty and part American dream fulfilled the story chugs along nicely with fine performances by its ensemble including the comical Bauer and Taylor as siblings in smut and Harris having a field day as a fellow fotog with a taste for wine and chatter . It 's amusing to see Strathairn in a bit of stunt casting as a senator on a campaign for righteousness after portraying news bulldog Edward R. Murrow in his last outing , " Good Night , and Good Luck " as an opposite the table role.<br /><br />But hats off to the truly fine talents of Mol as the uninhibited yet deeply morale and most importantly intelligent Bettie Page who lets her child - like innocence beam through her bold nudity and now - considered - tame - and - quaint - borderline- kitschy poses that caught the male fancy for decades and is still a bookmark for human sexuality in this country and perhaps the world overall . Mol is perfect and uncannily resembles her portrait 's subject down to her knowing - teasing smile . The real Bettie Page was reportedly not involved with the project but apparently gave her blessing and continues to live a somewhat secluded life that is alluded to in the final moments as to having found Jesus and shirking her ' notorious ' image once and for all . A shame since this film oddly embraces the resounding decency imbued within its subject , radiating for all to see in its naked splendor .
1 Beautifully made with a wonderful performance from Gretchen Moll capturing such a stainless plain happiness in her work , and the recreations of the little movies and the photographs are perfectly made and often hilarious . According to Harron they used film stock that is no longer produced and fifties style studio lighting even for the outside locations to give the colour portions its distinctive look . Bettie Page saw the movie at Hugh Heffner 's house ( she is now eighty - three ) with the producers there , but not the director , in case it got awkward if she did n't like it . She apparently did like it up until the official inquiry , which she found unsettling . Some great costumes too . The idea for the movie started in 1993 , but this was worth the wait . The portrait of her never seems to ring false in reference to all those images and snippets of ( dreadful ) movies that many of us will have already seen . It would make an interesting companion piece with Goodnight and Goodluck , but much more pleasant viewing !
1 Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and shot , is is , at best , a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie 's biography . The film mainly centers on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw , the brother and sister team who produced the bulk of her most famous photos . It does not detail her life after posing , aside from her religious rebirth . It cites " The Real Bettie Page " , by Richard Foster as a source , but it ignores Bettie 's later years of mental illness and incarceration in a mental hospital . The narrow focus of the biography can be debated , but the majority of Bettie 's fans and the " civilians " would probably be more interested in her modeling career , which is what they get.<br /><br />The film is well acted , with Gretchen Mol faithfully reproducing the look of Bettie , as well as conveying the sweetness that her photos exuded . The character is played as rather naive , a probable byproduct of interviews given by Bettie in recent years . It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos but rationalized it as acting and costumes.<br /><br />The supporting cast is also outstanding , with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw , and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver . The film errs with the character of John Willie , played by Jared Harris . John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaws . Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole , in his more debauched state.<br /><br />Despite the quality of acting , the film is a bit of a disappointment in terms of depth . The story is rather cursory and we never feel that we truly get to know Bettie . Much like her photos , it 's just an image . It does tend to exaggerate Bettie 's notoriety . Her photos were mainly seen in and around New York , in a very narrow market of underground and cultish publications . Her real fame came after her photos were reprinted in the late 70 's and 80 's , and the Cult of Betty Page ( as her name was usually spelled ) grew . Bettie 's greatest exposure ( pardon the pun ) was in Playboy , appearing in the January 1955 issue ( the Christmas photo , which is staged in reverse in the film).<br /><br />The film is well done , if rather shallow . It is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performances . It hits the high points of Bettie 's life , but ignores many details which would have given it far greater depth . The ending is rather a let down . It feels rather abrupt . Still , the movie is definitely worth viewing by anyone interested in Bettie , or even the time period . The soundtrack is great , really pulling the viewer into the 1950 's . If nothing else , the film stands as a showcase for America 's burgeoning sexuality and the clash with its Puritan past . It 's also a peek at an icon for both men and women .
1 The first two - thirds of this biopic of fetish model Betty Page are very interesting . Betty , as portrayed with enormous sincerity by Gretchen Mol , comes across as a pleasant , girl - next - door type , who saw nothing wrong with what she did ( and there certainly was n't anything " wrong " with it ) . Director Mary Harron , who also made " I Shot Andy Warhol " and " American Psycho " , recreates Betty 's America by mixing old black and white stock footage with new , degraded , black and white footage . Once Betty lands in Florida and starts working with Bunny Yeager , color is introduced . Betty 's notoriety was mostly the result of her work with Paula and Irving Klaw ( Lili Taylor , in a great performance , and Chris Bauer ) , as well as John Willie ( Jared Harris ) . The scenes where Harron recreates Betty 's bondage photography sessions are fascinating and adroitly executed . The early purveyors of fetish material are not portrayed too condescendingly and we get a sense that these folks were part of a tight " community " . Betty never had too much of a problem with her notoriety , although we get the impression that her reputation prevented her from gaining legitimacy in the straight acting world . Because the film 's third act is virtually non - existent , we are left with the impression that we have been watching a feature length documentary on Betty Page rather than a structured drama . Flaws aside , it 's a film well worth catching and represents yet another fine feather in the cap of producer Christine Vachon .
1 I 've known about Bettie Page for many a year now . The soft - core porn images of her from the 1950 's have since become iconographic and still have a strong draw even today . The " Bettie Page " look is also still hugely popular within the hetero fetish world and remains as distinctive today as it did then . So I watched this film with quite a bit of familiarity to begin with . The result did not disappoint.<br /><br />Among other things , it was hugely entertaining to see the movie 's recreation of actual figures like Irving Klaw , John Willie , and Bunny Yeager – all consider trailblazers today . Mary Harron did an excellent job creating the desired ambiance of sexual repression and hypocrisy in 1950 's America along with a sexuality that , by today 's standards , was innocent in the extreme . I particularly liked the use of monochrome versus color as a visual shorthand for the emotional and spiritual climate Bettie found herself in.<br /><br />I think that Gretchen Mol did an excellent job of presenting the character of Bettie in all her innocent sexuality and all her utter naiveté . Bettie loved to look pretty , loved the attention , saw nothing wrong with nudity , and enjoyed dressing up in " silly outfits " for the camera . The underlying sexuality and deeply fetishistic desires all that evoked were completely lost on her . To this day she still does n't understand " what all the fuss was about " when it comes to her pictures or the S&M content of them.<br /><br />This is n't to say she 's uneducated or too simple to understand it 's just that she simply does n't " get it " about fetishism and never will . No harm there . Bettie Page is simply being who she is . The film captured this quite nicely.<br /><br />The social atmosphere of the 1950 's depicted by Ms. Harron and written by her along with Guinevere Turner makes me truly glad I live in the day and age that I do . The hypocrisy and repression combined with the massive ignorance about our sexuality all combined to a frighteningly stifling world . The film well captures this and brings to cheering as Bettie endures it all with her unshakeable faith and her unchangeable naiveté.<br /><br />This film was a bit slow at times but hit all the points Ms. Harron attempted and hit them well . I 'd recommend this film even for those folks with little to no knowledge of who Bettie Page was and what effect she had on American culture . For those with such interests , then this film is a must see .
1 She 's not Michael Jordan < br /><br />Think of all the marvelous NBA players whose career light has been dimmed for no other good reason than the timing of their birth . Their names might trip as easily off the public 's lips as Russell , Cousy , Byrd , Magic , McHale , Oscar , Wilt , the list goes on ; but the volume gets turned down a little , for Stockton and Malone , Charles , Patrick and all the other great players who always lost the headlines to Michael.<br /><br />I've seen it written that Gretchen Mol 's career flamed out in the wake of the cover article in the 1998 Vanity Fair issue which predicted inevitable superstardom for Ms. Mol . It was later said that she had been over hyped . I disagree.<br /><br />I still remember that for some time after I saw " The Devil 's Advocate " in ' 97 or ' 98 , I would get confused as to which actress played Mary Ann Lomax . Was it Mol or Theron ? Oh yeah ! Charlize Theron was the one in " 2 Days in the Valley " and " Mighty Joe Young " and Gretchen Mol was in " Donnie Brasco " , " Celebrity " , and " Rounders".<br /><br />By the time I had seen " The Thirteenth Floor " ( Mol ) and " Sweet November " ( Theron ) , I pretty much had them straightened out but I still put them in the same mental file drawer . Both were highly talented , had sweet faces , similar body types , short blonde hair and so on.<br /><br />Theron , though , was offered more work . I loved her as Sara Deever and as Adele Invergordon her beauty was downright intimidating.<br /><br />In 2003 " Monster " was released and from that point until the handing of the Oscar itself , all of filmdom knew who the " Best Actress " award was going to . And deservedly so ! Theron was Aileen Wuornos . The only way to get a more accurate understanding of what made the real Aileen Wuornos tick would be to somehow replay the digital video trapped in Selby 's head . And for a major talent to make herself that physically unattractive ! Unheard of!<br /><br />Then in 2005 " The Notorious Bettie Page " was released . Mol 's performance was extraordinary . Maybe she was standing in the shadow of Ms. Theron . It was like the ballroom for the victory celebration for the losing Presidential candidate , nobody came and nobody cared . It was viewed as a continuation of an old tale , once promising actress with a declining career does a nudie part in a " B " movie . Ho hum ! No , no , no ! Wrong ! No matter what you may think of the film ( and I enjoy films about the fifties ) if you pass on this one you 'll be missing one of the better performances of that year . Ms. Moll was every bit as much Bettie as Ms. Theron was Aileen . Unfortunately Aileen , to the film - going public , is the more sympathetic character . For whatever reason , an amoral , sociopathic killer is less embarrassing to us than a naïve , unsophisticated , uninhibited , religious girl whose most capital crime was to live her life totally trusting and completely exposed . Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties . Her photos and films never sexual , never pornographic , but she presented as a near caricature of all things kinky . There was no sense of realism , only parody . Ms. Moll captured the very essence of the character . She gained 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally slim figure and when she posed for various photographers in the film , her body was Bettie 's . Her full frontal lack of any inhibitions accurately fits everything which has been published about Bettie . Cinematic nudity normally depicts eroticism or sexuality . In this film it 's all about innocence . Seeing Gretchen / Bettie nude did n't make me want to jump her but instilled a desire to protect her from all the horrors that people can inflict on each other . If you pass on this film you 'll be missing out on one of the best performances of recent years . By the way , shame on the MPAA for giving this an R rating .
1 " The Notorious Bettie Page " ( 2005 ) < br /><br />Directed By : Mary Harron < br /><br />Starring : Gretchen Mol , Chris Bauer , Lili Taylor , Sarah Paulson , & David Strathairn < br /><br />MPAA Rating : " R " ( for nudity , sexual content and some language ) < br /><br />It seems as though every celebrity nowadays is getting a biopic made about his or her life . From Ray Charles to Johnny Cash , biopics are very posh right now . " The Notorious Bettie Page " is the latest of these to be released on DVD . It features Gretchen Mol as the world 's most famous pin - up model , Bettie Page and was filmed mostly in black and white with certain excerpts in color . Unlike " Ray " , " Walk the Line " , and " Finding Neverland " , however , this movie is not going to be one to watch out for at the Oscars this year . This movie lacks the emotional resonance displayed in other biopics and most of the more dramatic moments in Bettie Page 's life are either completely ignored or only merely suggested . This does not mean , however , that it is a bad movie . In fact , " The Notorious Bettie Page " is a thoroughly entertaining and fulfilling movie -- a solid work of cinema . This film focuses more on Page 's exciting career and the thin line between sexuality and pornography . It is filmed with fervor and care and Mary Harron 's direction captures the look and feel of the time period as most filmmakers only dream about.<br /><br />Everyone knows Bettie Page ( played by Mol ) . Whether you know her as an icon … or a simple porn star … you know her . She is a woman who had a very profound impact on American culture only by revealing more skin than deemed appropriate at that particular time . Now , most people know her as one of America 's first sex symbols -- a legend to many models , especially those of Playboy and other adult - oriented magazines . She lived in a time when showing just an inch of flesh below the waste could have someone arrested and Page 's bondage - style photos were just the thing to push the American public into an uproar . In fact , the photos launched a full - fledged senate investigation about common decency and the difference between harmless films and porn.<br /><br />The performances in " The Notorious Bettie Page " are absolutely wonderful with Gretchen Mol standing out . Her performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant . I understand that , when she was announced for the role , many people were skeptical . Her name is not one that immediately leaps to my mind when I think of great performances . Now , it will . She completely aced the role and drew me in with her vulnerable and yet deeply engaging performance . David Strathairn is fresh off of last year 's " Good Night , and Good Luck " , in which he gave one of 2005 's best performances . Here , he gives yet another fine performance … even though he is slightly underused . I was shocked at how very limited his screen time was … but quality over quantity is always the most important aspect of any good movie . The only performance I have seen from Lili Taylor was that in " The Haunting " ( 1999 ) . While most people ignored the movie , I found it to be an enjoyable , if not completely shallow , horror movie and I also have always thought that Taylor was perfectly credible as the emotionally - distraught Nell . Here , Taylor gives yet another credible performance . She gives a very subdued performance and delivers the perfect performance to compliment that of Gretchen Mol.<br /><br />After everything was said and done , I realized that " The Notorious Bettie Page " can not be compared to other biopics , such as " Finding Neverland " and " Walk the Line " . It is incomparable to these because it tells a story of a woman and her career , from the beginning to the end . Her personal life is briefly implied , but it is really her impact on the world that becomes the high point . We watch the film knowing that Page will eventually bare all and we know the impact that her decisions will have … but we are rarely shown the impact that they will have on her personal life . She is a woman that never looked back and could constantly reinvent herself . After all , she was an adult model turned Christian missionary . This movie does not over dramatize anything . It could have included fictitious moments of Page sobbing hysterically and begging God to forgive her . It could have shown Page running and screaming through the rain , trying to escape the ghosts of her past … and yet it does not . " The Notorious Bettie Page " tells a simple story and that is something rare by today 's standards . Fortunately , it is quite refreshing.<br /><br />Final Thought : " The Notorious Bettie Page " is a relaxing movie with absolutely amazing cinematography.<br /><br />Overall Rating : 9/10 ( A )
1 Firstly , I have heard great things about this film , not least among the retro / vintage scene and the stockings lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and it did not disappoint . Shot in very clean black and white with colour added for key scenes , the film gives a documentary feel to the early life and career of Bettie Page.<br /><br />There are many things I did not know about Page . Firstly , there was the gang rape , later on , there is her early attempts at developing an acting career and then glamour pictures , firstly with a camera club peopled with men who ca n't get enough of her and later with the Klaws , Paula and Irving , who despite their taking of bondage and fetish photos , come across as extremely pleasant and friendly people . If only modern pornography producers were like that , perhaps better porn would be a consequence ! For the most part , the film is neither a diatribe against the evils of pornography but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those producing fetish and nude pictures of women . This environment was extremely repressive , perhaps in a good way because it meant that there was none of the ' saturation ' effect that we have today , when it comes to pornography . It also appeared to be much less harsh . Page comes across as someone who enjoys her work and does n't appear to be degraded by it . In many of her photos she is seen tied up and gagged ( and trying to hold a conversation ) , brandishing a whip with a flourish , thus exciting the photographers taking her pictures and seen in ' initiation style ' girlie bondage movies which look quite tame compared with the hardcore stuff we have now.<br /><br />Page never became an actress and instead deserted pinup when she was in her thirties for ' Jesus Christ ' . Her belief in God and Jesus never goes away , even when bound and gagged she still insists that she has been given a ' gift ' by God to do ' this thing ' . Seeing this film , I am more knowledgeable about Page and in awe at her modesty , beliefs and demeanour . She is one of a kind , compared with the identi - kit clone blondes we have today and someone who can actually say ' There is life after porn ' .
1 Film can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light . Good Night and Good Luck , for instance , offered parallels to modern judgement - without - evidence and encroachments on freedom . It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not too close to home : by putting it in a fictional or historic context removed from our immediate situation . With pornography , we consider ourselves ' enlightened ' and our forefathers to be hidebound by quaint ideas - usually involving fire and brimstone , but the definition of what is obscene can easily fall prey to ignorance and unscientific interpretation instead of evidence . Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era which included not just McCarthyism but the banning of comics ( such as Tales from the Crypt ) on the basis that they would turn youths into half - mad juvenile delinquents . This film , developed from key questions raised in her life , poses dilemmas that are as relevant today as back in 1950.<br /><br />Our film opens with two key scenes . In the first , we see well - dressed , respectable looking men in a seedy bookshop . One of them asks for pictures of women in kinky boots and being restrained - then turns out to be an undercover cop conducting a sting . The second scene shows Bettie Page , waiting to be called as a witness , looking quite demure , as if she had just come out of church.<br /><br />The first 50mins are in black & white . Old fashioned film effects such as wipes and fades add to the sense that we are watching a film from bygone years , as do the mannerisms of the cast , skilfully recreated 1950s scenes , contemporaneous slang phrases and the terse dialogue associated with film - making of the period . Archive footage is frequently intercut - which will delight many and irritate others . In keeping with its theme , the movie is almost a collection of different types of photography - in - motion , and the older clips of fabulous beaches and landmarks juxtapose well against Bettie 's classic poses hearken back to an age of ' health & nature ' magazines . . . although I admit that if you are not captivated by the story you may find the effect a bit choppy.<br /><br />Very soon , we go into flashback . Bettie escapes a Depression Years downtrodden life in Nashville , enlivened only with church singing and soul - saving , and goes alone to make her own way . After her initial success , her modelling work splits into two strands : the mainstream glamour work focussing on her over - the - rainbow smile , and the ' specialist interest ' photos involving dressing up in high - heeled boots and light bondage gear . In an earlier audition ( reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts ' character in Mulholland Drive - who was also called Betty ) , she gives a performance that is full of emotion , contrasting with her normal animated , cheerful ( but ultimately bland ) day - to - day expression . Is part of her still unfulfilled ? Bettie is frequently rejected in auditions once they realise she is the well - known pin - up girl . But we have never been asked to feel sorry for Bettie Page : her abusive childhood is quickly referenced and skipped over ; when she is raped by four hometown lads , we see only the threat and then Bettie recovering and surviving , picking herself up in deserted woodland , and putting on the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die.<br /><br />Although no nudity is involved , it 's Bettie 's special interest photos that eventually arouse trouble . When we go back to the court , the opinions of a clergyman on the corrupting influence of such photos are taken as evidence . A psychologist authoritatively says how the photos lead to ' suicide , murder and psychosis ' in youngsters who are exposed to them ( presumably not in that order ) . Eventually a star witness explains how his son 's life came to an end as a result of such photos - ' being ' trussed up like that ' . It is not made clear how being ' trussed up ' causes death ) . The text accompanying a series of Bettie 's photographs in a magazine tell how she was forced to endure ' terrible agonies ' with the fetish restraints ( the audience knows that she actually found them quite hilarious and that the wordings , like the photos themselves , were pure dramatisations ) . After a 12hr wait , Bettie is told her evidence - she is the one person who could state definitively that she was not photographed in agony - will ' not be required ' . The ' horrors ' of the photos have been proved.<br /><br />If this all sounds like the dark ages which we have left , consider a recent ( 2003 ) incident in which an Ann Summers advert was banned . It said , " for fashion and passion whip along to your local store , " with a photograph of a woman 's back . She 's wearing a bra and thong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back . The lingerie and sex toys company , that targets female consumers ( and also supports charities fighting domestic violence ) said its adverts aimed , " to give women sexual confidence and always showed women in control of their sexuality . " One might conclude that the prejudice and ignorance of the Betty Page investigations still holds currency.<br /><br />Bettie 's religious views are integral to the story , just as the concept of sin is integral to Christianity and contributes to the ' forbidden ' nature of sexual enjoyment frequently prevalent in the UK and US - as opposed to the more factual approach found in continental Europe . It could be argued the formulae of sin and redemption , and " being saved " , are even reflected in mating patterns that perpetuate traditional male dominance . A policeman making a friendly ( but sexually motivated ) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom offers to ' save ' her from loneliness . The knight - in - shining - armour might be chivalrous , but it also assumes a woman in need of rescue.<br /><br />Love it or hate it , The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film , and a moral wake - up call for those that heed it . There is excellent ensemble acting , and Gretchen Mol , as Bettie , is remarkable as the whole film succeeds or falls on her powerful performance .
1 ... but the general moviegoer 's mileage may vary in Mary " American Psycho " Harron 's stylized look at the American sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of Curves , Bettie Page.<br /><br />I'll not bore anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms. Page , a prim and proper valedictorian from Nashville , Tennessee , who moved to New York in hopes of being an actress and ended up becoming the Bondage Queen of the Universe . Nor will I run through the sketchy bio - pic plot of " The Notorious Bettie Page , " though I offer high kudos to the technical aspects of the film ( a sequence of animated magazine covers springs instantly to mind ) , improper use of a period camera notwithstanding . Finally , I wo n't belabor the timely applicability of the film 's themes of innocence and perversion , freedom and control , the sacred and the secular ; they 're there for the viewer to absorb , if they wish . The more things change , the more they stay the same , as the saying goes.<br /><br />What I will ramble on about for a moment is the splendid performance of Gretchen Mol as Bettie Page . Truth is , Mol 's face looks almost nothing like Bettie 's , nor is she particularly built like Bettie ( although only a fool would deny those beautiful breasts , and no fool , I ! ) . She does n't even sport the thick , dark bush that concealed Ms. Page 's most intimate charms , but the fact remains that Mol thoroughly embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way , shape , and form . It is a bravura " comeback " from an undeserved semi - obscurity . I 've never met Ms. Page ( and sadly , never will , most likely ) , but I 've devoured the photos and videos , and read all the bios and interviews available , bought the trading cards and other odds and ends , and to be honest , lusted for Ms. Page ever since I first discovered her in my adolescence between the covers of dusty tease magazines at the barber shop and the five and dime . Mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I have come to conceive her , no pun intended , in what I consider to be an Oscar - worthy performance . Liv Tyler could never have matched Mol 's shining intensity of characterization in a million years , and I , for one , am grateful she left the project . Not that I 'd mind seeing her totally naked , I hasten to add , but I ca n't imagine that her brand of sensuality would have translated into the innocent exhuberance of Bettie Page.<br /><br />"The Notorious Bettie Page " is not for everyone , any more than bondage and discipline are . I suspect it will do much better on disc than in the theaters ; legions of devoted Page fans and the curious will see to that . I can only hope that the DVD will be chock full of enough Bettie extras to show the uninitiated just how good a job Mol has done.<br /><br />Beyond that , a tip of the hat to a fine supporting cast , especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer as Paula and Irving Klaw , whose celebrity photo business was Bettie 's doorway to immortality.<br /><br />A final note to the young scribe who opined that Ms. Page had no effect on his generation : take a good look at Madonna 's cone brassiere and get back to us . Bettie Page is , whether you know it or not , the true Godmother of fetishwear . Without her , Madonna and the rest of her kin could never have existed .
1 THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE Written by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron < br /><br />How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds , one of presumed sin and one of supposed redemption ? Especially when that person eventually succumbed to a split personality disorder in her latter years as if to demonstrate her own point . If you 're director Mary Harron , you do n't shy away from showing the push / pull nature of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE . You allow the character to drift back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the church and the seductive illusion of control and dominance afforded to Page during her years as a pinup model . By doing so , audiences are offered a complex character that is propelled forward by a desire to leave her difficult past with a naive enjoyment in others ' lust for her and a struggle to reconcile her image in the eyes of God . Come the right time , it will no longer matter how many eyes are on her because there is only one pair that counts.<br /><br />Shot mostly in black and white ( with some unnecessary bursts of color ) , THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE is at times a light , humorous comedy , making the film an enjoyable experience and also one that pokes fun at how seriously people believe in the corruption of pornography . But the delicate hand of the director is more palpably felt during Page 's times of despair . Harron is a sensitive , considerate director who does not throw Page 's numerous and devastating blows of abuse in the face of her viewer . Instead , she allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll , who plays the title role , the chance to hammer the pain of her character into the viewer with fear in her eyes , exhaustion is her cries and shame on her skin . Whereas most directors , perhaps most male directors , would find it essential to show the heroine in painful positions in order to draw a link between the kinds of atrocities that were put upon her and where her life took her , Harron has too much compassion for her character , her actress and her audience . From fragility , Page learns to trust people again and as more and more photographers fall in love with her image , the more she falls in love with their admiration and the control she has over the gaze . By the time her poses cross over into the realm of soft - core S&M , she has found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she has been accustomed to her whole life.<br /><br />Mary Harron 's Bettie Page is a woman who yearns for control over her life and destiny , yet ultimately is always being told where to stand , how to smile and what to wear . When she finally realizes that none of her choices have been her own , she chooses to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen . The true sadness behind this most important decision is that she is still letting someone else guide her blindly ; she just has more faith that this direction will be better for her soul .
1 Great acting on the part of Gretchen Mol . This film is one of the best biopics to hit the screen in some time . While it does cover the majority of Bettie 's young life , it also manages to stay on a mostly focused path which is something most biographical films seem to lack . There is some lovely and alarmingly funny subtext in the dialogue and acting . This film is an excellent break from the Dir . of " American Psycho , " and I think this will show through as her best work to date . Oh , and as a cinematography buff , I give this film 100 % in the cine dept . It was amazing how well they pulled off a 50s look with modern film stocks . Accolades to the D.O.P. All around very enjoyable . I recommend any interested to see it : 8/10 .
1 Greetings again from the darkness . Mary Heron is amassing quite the list of films which provide a glimpse into their specific era . Her previous " I Shot Andy Warhol " and " American Psycho " were at their best when commenting on the quirkiness of society during that period . Although " The Notorious Bettie Page " is obviously about Ms. Page , it is every bit as much a peak behind the curtain at the world of kinky photo shoots in the 50's.<br /><br />The film is fun to watch both from the perspective of the story and the technical aspect of the way it was filmed and put together . The grainy B&W film and photos capture the time and the introduction of color in Miami Beach through the photos of Bunny Yeager is very well done.<br /><br />The supporting cast is strong with David Strathairn ( fresh off his Edward R. Murrow role ) , Chris Bauer ( as Irving Klaw ) and Lili Taylor . The star of the film is the wonderfully talented and underrated and underworked Gretchen Mol . Ms. Mol always brings an edge and spirit to her roles . She was absolutely mesmerizing in the little seen , Jason Alexander directed " Just Looking " in 2000 . Here she is the notorious Bettie Page . Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless . She really seems to enjoy this role and helps us understand how the girl next door from Tennessee could become the underworld Pin - up queen.<br /><br />As one would expect , the soundtrack from the era is terrific . Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers . Although the film hints at providing a history into this industry , the final third kinda falls flat preventing pure movie magic . But the magic of Gretchen Mol and Bettie Page make this a fun movie to watch and one that will yield endless showings on HBO in the near future . Now will someone please turn Ms. Mol into the star she should be ?
1 I am not going to lie . Despite looking interesting , I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I had heard ( and it was fairly obvious just by looking at a synopsis or anything about the film ) , that Gretchen Mol got naked in it . I have never been a fan of Mol , but I can not resist seeing an attractive woman taking off her clothes . Yes , that may be perverted , but its a theme and ideal central to the very core of the movie , and helps to make the film a lot stronger than it probably should be.<br /><br />The film chronicles Bettie Page 's ( Mol ) life from her physical and sexually abused days as a kid in high school in the South , and onto her new life in New York . She wants to be an actress , but she has to pay bills too . After taking a few seemingly innocent shots on a local beach , Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation , and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin - up photographs.<br /><br />I feel the briefness of the film ( just over ninety minutes ) is both a curse and blessing for it . On one hand , the film never overstays its welcome . You get to know Page within a few short minutes , and then it gets right into her modeling career and does not look back . But it curses the film as well , because we never really get a chance to grasp everything that is going on . She just kind of jumps around between modeling shoots and the controversies that they create before jumping right into the major senate investigation that takes up much of the final act of the film . You just sit there , and attempt to absorb it all , and more just comes right at you . It feels like the filmmakers wanted to summarize too much material in too short a film . It begs for longer sequences , and begs more for even longer explanations . It does not feel rushed ; it just does not feel all there.<br /><br />Another bit of a fumble , although a bit more of a curiosity , is the use of colour throughout the film . The majority is in black and white , but frequently , splashes and sequences of colour do emerge . But while this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early on , it becomes a bit of a distraction as it continually pops up later on before cutting back to black and white . It gets confusing , and becomes more of a tedious interference than anything else as the film goes on.<br /><br />While it may fumble a bit with the actions , the film stays dead - on with its themes . Page , who I know little to nothing about , is played off innocently , and her world is exactly the same . Save for a few shady characters during her teenage years , everyone she encounters is an innocent , and everything she does has an innocence to it . I never thought I would look at full frontal nudity as being something that was anything other than vulgar and depraved , but here , it truly is something to marvel at . All at once , it is beautiful and innocent . Even the most sexually perverted moments in the film ( albeit tame compared to today 's standards ) have an innocent and angelic feeling to them . There is just something about the way Mol 's nude body is portrayed that it just strikes at such a different chord than nude bodies in other films . It just feels so natural and so wondrous , that if there were any reason to watch the film , it would be to see the spectacular depictions of Mol 's body as she plays Bettie Page.<br /><br />The other reason is Mol herself . As Page , she exemplifies that 1950 's Southern belle everyone knows ( or can at least imagine ) . Despite her profession , she is still a normal person , and still looks at herself as being religious . Mol plays her exactly to the right amount of squeaky - cleanliness needed to make this character feel authentically from the 1950 's . She plays her with such matter - of - factness that you would be hard - set not to think that Mol was actually Bettie Page herself.<br /><br />Unfortunately , the supporting cast have very little moments to shine , and are totally overshadowed by Mol 's wonderful performance . None of them do anything particularly pleasing , and none of them really have that same strength in their role as Mol does . This is not really the fault of the actors , but more of the fact that they do not have much to work with . Many of them are totally recognizable , such as Oscar - nominee David Strathairn ( in a role a little too close to one of his better performances ) , Sarah Paulson ( recent Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip ) , and character actor Lili Taylor , but you would be hard set to really place their performance in being anything other than okay . None of these characters are really developed , and they really just stand as character cut - outs who Mol runs loops around as she picks up steam in her brilliant performance.<br /><br />Really , this film is worthwhile for its portrayal of nudity , and for Gretchen Mol 's excellent performance of Bettie Page . Everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward than it should be . Had more work been done to develop supporting characters and not just blast right through the story , this film would have been a much better biographical film . As it stands , it is just a vehicle for Mol to really rise into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress.<br /><br />7/10 .
1 If there 's one genre that I 've never been a fan of , it 's the biopic . Always misleading , filled with false information , over - dramatized scenes , and trickery all around , biopics are almost never done right . Even in the hands of the truly talented directors like Martin Scorsese ( The Aviator ) and Ron Howard ( A Beautiful Mind ) , they often do a great disservice to the people they are trying to capture on screen . Skeptiscism takes the place of hype with the majority of biopics that make their way to the big screen and the Notorious Bettie Page was no different . Some critics and moviegoers objected to Gretchen Mol given the role of Bettie Page , saying she was no longer a celebrity and did n't have the chops for the part . I never doubted Mol could handle the part since , but I never expected to as blown as away by her performance as I was upon just viewing the film hours ago . Mol delivers a knockout Oscar worthy performance as the iconic 1950 's pin - up girl , who , after an early life of abuse ( depicted subtlety and tastefully done , something few directors would probably do ) inadvertently becomes one of the most talked about models of all time . The picture covers a lot of ground in its 90 minute running time yet despite no less than three subplots , there is still a feeling that there may be a small portion missing from the story . Director / co - writer Marry Harron and Guinevere Turner 's fantastic script is only marred by a too abrupt and not as clear as it should be ending . Still , credit must be given to the two ladies for creating a nearly flawless biopic that manages to pay tribute to both its subject and the decade it emulates masterfully . Come Oscar time , Mol , Turner , and Harron should be receiving nominations . Doubt it will happen , though there certainly are no three women more deserving of them . 9/10
1 Hey guys I 'm actually in this movie ! I did n't even know it was on this site until i looked a few years ago and i was so surprised ! I played Pete , the main characters son . It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it . While filming they needed me to be in two places at once , so they used my twin sister as a body double ! The finger that pushes the radio button in the car is hers not mine . I still act and do some TV , but not as much . Oh and if you want proof my name is the first one at the top of the scroll.<br /><br />Review : I thought the movie was okay but if i was n't in it , it would n't be one of my favorites . I thought the acting was really good , but the story line was only so - so .
1 The film was okay , quite entertaining . The cast was pretty good , and I 'll second what the comment before me mentioned - Glenn Quinn was outstanding and he alone is reason enough to watch this movie . He played the selfish " evil " friend and manager of the band brilliantly!<br /><br />There are a lot of songs performed by " Beyond Gravity " in this film , but this does n't really come as a surprise considering the film is a VH1 production . However , if the soft rock/ pop music is n't to someone 's liking one might as well flash forward those scenes.<br /><br />The plot of a band trying to make it to the top in L.A. but having to overcome many obstacles on the way is n't too original , but quite entertaining , with some surprising plot turns here and there .
1 Though I really did n't feel anything for Lance 's character , and felt his wife could have done much better with anyone else . It could have been a much stronger movie if they had spent more time on character development , perhaps with Lance- I would have liked it better.<br /><br />However , I have to completely agree with DoyleLuver , when they said " And to quote Glenn Quinn 's character Ben : ' I 'm the star here in it , that 's right I 'm the talented one ! ' " If you watch the movie , just watch him , even when he 's in the background ... just his facial expressions , all in the eyes , you KNOW for sure what motivates Ben , exactly how he feels about comments , even if it 's a quick look behind a character 's back . Great acting in a fair film .
1 When I started to watch this movie on VH-1 I cringed . The MTV movies were all bad so I was nt expecting much . But this movie was really good . I liked it a lot . And it even had a twist at the end . See this movie because it shows that Made For TV movies that are good exist .
1 If you think " Weird Al " Yankovic is hilarious , you wo n't be disappointed by THE COMPLEAT AL . Not only does this rare mockumentary feature many of Yankovic 's more memorable videos ( " Like A Surgeon " and " I Love Rocky Road " among them ) , but they are inter - spliced with funny vignettes supposedly highlighting the parodist 's rise to fame . Yankovic is not for all tastes , but his humor is harmless and imaginative enough that even non - fans will at least be lightly amused . Die - hard fans will love it not only for its content , but also for its relatively early look into Yankovic 's now nearly three decade career . Suitable for all ages , kiddies will no doubt love the funny visuals .
1 But it is kinda hilarious , at least if you grew up on Weird Al , like I did . It 's a mockumentary about his life and career , beginning with superstardom and going back to trace the origins . It 's uneven in places , but some of the segments are still very funny , particularly when he goes to Japan . Although it 's not quite as emotionally textured as Lost in Translation , and he does n't find love however fleeting , he does capture in a bottle the absolutely bizarre cultural melange that is Tokyo street life.<br /><br />Perhaps Weird Al is n't recognized as the insightful cultural commentator that he is ; perhaps a rose by any other name would smell just as sweet . Still , this is a funny movie .
1 This is a bizzare look at Al 's " life " , back when he still a hyper 20-something . The ( real ) home videos of Al as a kid are great , and the commentary from his ( real life ) parents gives a nice glimpse of just how Weird Al wound up as screwed up as he is . This video is a must own for any devoted Al - coholic .
1 I will never forget when I saw this title in the video store way back when . I was always a big Weird Al fan and when I saw this video I rented and watched it . I was too young to appreciate all of Al 's subtle humor and satire at the time but I remember it much later when I was old enough to understand what I was watching . If you are an " Al " fan , especially of his earlier work , you will thoroughly enjoy this film . It is done in the MTV - esque " Rockumentary " style and tells a true ( but sometimes exaggerated ) tale of how Al got to be where he was in 1985 . You will love it if you like his brand of humor and , more importantly , his music .
1 < br /><br />I take issue with the other reviewer 's comments for the simple reason that this is a MYSTERY FILM , not a supernatural one ! It is not the only film to have a seemingly " supernatural " explanation ( " vampires " ) , but turns out to be a very mundance one.<br /><br />Other films that come to mind are Edgar Wallace 's " Before Dawn " and the ( more famous ) " Mark of the Vampire " . < br /><br />The film does a WONDERFUL job in creating a very " spooky atmosphere " , similar DRACULA , when Renfield meets the Count on the staircase of his castle , or in MARK OF THE VAMPIRE , when the two people look thru the windows of the castle ruins and see a " corpse " playing an organ , while Luna descends using wings ! VERY surreal!<br /><br />If one likes these ( often silent ) atmospheric touches , THIS film is a MUST!<br /><br />Norm Vogel
1 Dwight Frye steals the show in this one as a foolish young man(who seems to be mentally handicapped ) who gets himself blamed for vampire - like murders especially after he reveals his love for bats which he likes to stroke and give to unsuspecting friends as ' gifts'!. Besides all of that , there 's an entertaining mystery tale involving the above mentioned murders . Underrated .
1 Mysterious murders in a European village seem the result of THE VAMPIRE BAT horde plaguing the terrified community.<br /><br />This surprisingly effective little thriller was created by Majestic Pictures , one of Hollywood 's Poverty Row studios . The sparse production values and rough editing actually add to its eerie atmosphere and lend it an almost expressionistic quality . Overall , it leaves the viewer the feeling of being caught up in a bad dream , which is appropriate for a thriller of this sort.<br /><br />Even though the eventual explanation for the hideous crimes is quite ludicrous and is not given proper plot development , the film can boast of a good cast . Grave Lionel Atwill gives another one of his typically fine performances , this time as a doctor doing scientific research in an old castle . Beautiful Fay Wray plays his assistant in a role which requires her to do little more than look lovely & alarmed . Dour Melvyn Douglas appears as the perplexed police inspector who also happens to be , conveniently , Miss Wray 's boyfriend.<br /><br />Maude Eburne , who could be extremely funny given the right situation , steals most of her scenes as Miss Wray 's hypochondriac aunt . Elderly Lionel Belmore plays the village 's terrified burgermeister . And little Dwight Frye , who will always be remembered for his weird roles in the FRANKENSTEIN and Dracula films , here is most effective as a bat - loving lunatic .
1 In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal 's horror films Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them in this effort that ( realistically speaking ) is nowhere near as good . With that , this is still worth everyone 's time and it 's a heck of a lot of fun to view and in my opinion it 's better than most of what is supposed to pass nowadays as horror ! Story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss where the bodies have been piling up completely drained of blood and with suspicious puncture marks . Burgermister Gustave Schoen ( Lionel Belmore ) shouts " It 's Vampires " but the local police chief Karl Brettschneider ( Melvyn Douglas ) thinks it 's a madman who 's responsible and he vows to catch him.<br /><br />*****SPOILER ALERT * * * * * The Burgermeister and most of the towns folk think that the local kook Herman Glieb ( Dwight Frye ) who loves bats and frequently talks to them is the one they are looking for and they chase him until he falls to his death in a cave . The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann ( Lionel Atwill ) who has created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and he accomplishes this by having some sort of mind control over his servant Emil ( Robert Frazer ) who goes out at night to collect the blood . Dr. Otto has a pretty assistant named Ruth Bertin ( Fay Wray ) and an annoying aunt named Gussie ( Maude Eburne ) but they have no clue what he 's up to but Karl eventually become suspicious when one of the murders takes place after Herman 's death.<br /><br />Frank R. Strayer was never confused with being James Whale but he was a pretty competent director who ended up directing most of the " Blondie " films in that series and with this film he uses the same sets from " The Old Dark House " which was also filmed at Universal . I 'm the first to admit that this film is downright clumsy at times but it 's practically impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this including Frye who is pretty much doing his Renfield role only this time he befriends bats and strokes them and keeps them in his pocket for safe keeping ! One thing that just does n't make sense is the mind control that Dr. Otto has over Emil as the film never explains this and I had a strong sense that this was some sort of nod to " The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari " but on the other hand it 's probably just the weakest part of the script . There are a few other tidbits that I noticed including the chase of Frye to the big caves which is obviously an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where numerous other films have been made and also Wray 's brown hair which is her true color . True horror film fans will appreciate this more than others but I think this is a fun film to view for everyone and with a cast as attractive as this it 's well worth a look .
1 Though not a horror film in the traditional sense , this creepy little film delivers the goods . It seems a vampire is loose in a small German town draining its victims of their blood . Police Inspector Karl Brettschneider , Melvyn Douglas in one of his early roles , is skeptical believing a crazed killer not a vampire is running amok . The only one who believes him is Ruth Bertin ( Faye Wray ) the inspector 's girlfriend and lab assistant to Dr. Otto von Niemann ( Lionel Atwill ) who though apparently an eminent scientist goes along with the vampire theory . The townspeople suspect the weirdo Herman Gleib , played with his usual frenzy by Dwight Frye who seems to be having a lot of fun with his role . The film contains quite a bit of humor which helps relieve some of the intensity involved with all the murders being committed . One funny part has Gussie Schnappmann ( Maude Eburne ) , Ruth Bertin 's aunt , thinking weird Herman has turned not into a bat but into a dog . Maude Eburne and Dwight Frye make a good comedy team.<br /><br />This budget movie brings in elements from " The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari " with Dr. Niemann using the power of suggestion to make a somnambulist carry out his orders , from " Frankenstein " by using the human blood to help create life in the laboratory , and " Dracula " since the murders are believed by everyone except the inspector and his girl to be the work of a bloodsucker . Thses elements are mixed well by director Frank R. Strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure . The concoction works . The restored version I viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere . So try to see the this version if possible .
1 Years ago , I found a " bargain bin " copy of this film for a buck or two . In so many ways , this is quite fitting , as when it was made back in 1933 , it was truly a cheaply made film by the " poverty row " studio , Majestic . However , while the film is rather derivative , it is STILL well worth watching and provides a few surprises.<br /><br />The story is very , very familiar , as in some Germanic town , the people are upset because of some recent deaths that appear to be the work of vampires ! Adding to this familiarity is Dwight Frye . He played Renfield in Dracula , and here he is very , very similar -- though he plays a much more harmless weirdo . In this case , he 's obsessed with his pet bats and people begin to blame him for the deaths . The film does a good job of providing some " red herrings " ( i.e. , false leads ) and while it does n't take a genius to figure out Frye may not be responsible , the WHO and WHY are intriguing and make it VERY different from the average horror film . In addition , while the production had little money to speak of , it still had some good actors of the day -- Lionel Atwill and Melvin Douglas -- and it also used Universal Studios sets at night ( when they were done filming for the day ) . As a result , the film looks pretty good overall , though I also thought that , as usual , Fay Wray was terrible -- thought it did n't noticeably detract from the film . I have seen her in more movies than most people on IMDb and I have come to notice that her characters have no depth -- she always seems to be cast as the " screaming lady " and provides little new in each film.<br /><br />Overall , for fans of old horror films , this is excellent and worth seeing . For people who are NOT fans of the genre , it 's probably pretty skip - able .
1 Until today I had never seen this film . Its was filmed on the sets of the Old Dark House and Frankenstein and concerns a small Bavarian village where supposedly giant bats are sucking the blood of the villagers.<br /><br />Frankly its a damn good movie that has atmosphere to spare and a cast that wo n't quit , Lionel Atwill , Dwight Frye , Faye Wray and Melvin Douglas playing a character named Brettschnieder which is of interest to me since that was my great grandmother 's maiden name.<br /><br />This is a carefully modulated film that has suspense and witty one liners that slowly builds for its brief running time , only going astray when about ten minutes before the end they realized they had limited time to wrap everything up . From that point to the end its a straight run to the finish with very little of the fun that preceded it.<br /><br />Leonard Maltin and IMDb list a running time of 71 minutes and warn of shorter prints . The trouble is that IMDb and Maltin can be wrong , and in this case I think they are since a source I trust more says the full running time is 67 minutes ( The Overlook Film Encyclopedia ) Quibbling about this I know is insane but since most prints that are available tend to run around 60 - 63 minutes the amount of missing material is considerably less if its only 67 minutes long . Personally I think it wo n't matter that much since its at most five minutes and I doubt very much it will make or break the film.<br /><br />What ever the running time , if you like creaky old films , do , by all means do , watch this movie , its a great dark and stormy night film .
1 This film has a lot of strong points . It has one of the best horror casts outside of the Lugosi - Karloff - Chaney circle : Lionel Atwill , Fay Wray , and Dwight Frye , plus leading man Melvyn Douglas . It 's got all the right ingredients : bats , a castle with lots of stone staircases , a mad scientist , townspeople waving torches and hunting vampires , an " Igor "- type character , a beautiful girl , even a goofy - haired Burgomeister . The soft - focus camera work is moody and imaginative . There 's even some good comic relief nicely spaced throughout the script.<br /><br />But it 's not really a monster movie because there is nothing supernatural going on in " Kleinschloss " ( " little castle " ) . The plot revolves around the generic crazy scientist ( nicely played by Atwill ) who values his work more highly than human lives.<br /><br />It 's not top - tier material , because of a ho - hum resolution of the plot and some embarrassingly bad dialog for Dwight Frye . But it 's worth a look if you like early b / w horror pictures .
1 Someone(or , something thing .. )is leaving puncture marks on the jugular and draining victims of their blood till dead . Police detective Karl Brettschneider(Melvyn Douglas , before slipping out of the B - movie horror genre for greater heights)is stumped at who .. or what .. is behind these notorious crimes . The village is overcome by hysteria and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius , Dr. Otto von Niemann(Lionel Atwill , in yet another effective mad scientist role)to provide some feedback as to what might be causing the deaths of innocents . He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth(the lovely Fay Wray who stars for the third time with Atwill after " Doctor X " & " The Mystery of the Wax Museum")who is Niemann 's assistant.<br /><br />Dwight Frye steals the film as a rather loony village idiot who collects bats and carries a demented demeanor wherever he goes .. it 's easy to see why he becomes a suspect as local paranoia is at a fever pitch . Maude Eburne provides the film 's humor as a very naive( .. and easily influenced)patient of von Niemann 's who believes she has ailments she reads about in books near the laboratory where he works . She 's impressionable and often von Niemann just humors her and constant fictional illnesses she feels plagued with . Lionel Belmore returns as yet another frightened , superstitious Bürgermeister.<br /><br />Creaky , static , but rather entertaining nonetheless thanks to the cast . The film is obviously as low - budget as they come , but this does n't hurt the film too much since it 's put together rather well by director Frank R Strayer and his crew . I 'm certain the film 's print has seen better days , though . This is the kind of B - horror item you 'd find packaged in with 50 other random cheesefests and poverty row programmers . The film 's villain .. and his motives for feeding a synthetically made biological creature .. certainly provides a different take on the Frankenstein formula . Many might be disappointed with the end results as the film strays away from being an actual supernatural tale about a real vampire killer causing the murders .
1 I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History ... the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular . I purchased it recently from a rack of previously - viewed videos on sale at the supermarket and I was very glad to add this one to my history video collection . Though not of the caliber of Civil War films such as " Glory " or " Gettysburg , " provides a lot of history on the pre - Civil War brotherhood among cadets at West Point.<br /><br />Maybe it 's the gray uniforms , the youth , or the military discipline , but I am fascinated by the story of the Corps of Cadets from around 1830 to the brink of the War . I imagine what it must have been like to sit in a classroom with other young men , learning how to make war , then later putting the lessons to use against your own classmates!<br /><br />Actually , there were two classes graduated in 1861 : one class in May , the other in June . the movie makes no real mention of this , except to mention Henry A. DuPont , first graduate of the May Class ; and George Custer , last grad of the June Class . the reason for the two classes was not so much about the war , but it was the result of switching back to a four - year course of study , after a few years of experimenting with a five - year course ( I think the first class had attended five years , the other for four ) . As the movie portrays , cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other ... George " Fanny " or " Autie " Custer ; Alonzo " Lon " Cushing ; James " Beauty " Stuart ( for J.E.B. Stuart , class of 1854 ) , etc.<br /><br />I say this film is " Santa Fe Trail " as it should have been because that 1940 film , while enjoyable , really fudges history . Cadets from several different classes are all graduating together . JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as the best of friends and are side - by - side in stopping John Brown 's 1859 insurrection at Harper 's Ferry . In fact , Stuart and Custer were never friends , but enemies during the War . They faced each other ( for the first time , I think ) at Gettysburg in 1863 ( Stuart was at the Harper 's ferry Raid , but Custer was still a cadet at the Point when it took place).<br /><br />"Fanny " Custer plays a role in " Class of ' 61 , " though his classmate chums , Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictional . I believe they are respectively based on Partick Henry O'Rorke and John Pelham , two people you can look up.<br /><br />Anyway , I truly enjoy this film or any film which provides a window into mid-19th Century America .
1 I for one really like this movie for some reasons I 'll go into late but I want to touch on why I think people do n't like it . First off , there are people out there who just like to hate Tom Cruise . I do n't understand it really . Second , Cameron Crowe I think successfully p***es off two groups of movie - goers with this film . The casual , relaxed , " not looking to think too hard " group of movie - goers are left confused when the plot takes a complete 180 at the end of the movie . And the deep , philosophical , mystery - fans are devastated when Crowe has one of his characters completely explain the mystery.<br /><br />This is a good movie . And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it . I think it 's probably his best performance from what I 've seen all though I have n't seen all of his movies , or even a majority of them probably . The supporting cast is good as well . Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee was enjoyable.<br /><br />I like the story , and I think that 's what Vanilla Sky is more than anything . It 's a mystery , an adventure , and a romantic comedy , but it 's mostly just a good story . And it has a lot of philosophical undertones to it , and many similar ideas and stories like this occur in historical philosophy . David Aames ( Cruise ) is the man that had everything he wanted , more or less lost it , was given a second chance with a catch to regain it all back , and in the end facing his demons and the full scope of what is happening , chooses reality , simplicity , and normality to see if he can finally find the one thing he could never get a grip on : happiness.<br /><br />Many people were disappointed that Crowe laid out the complete mystery at the end . I think it 's necessary . The audience then knows beyond a shadow of a doubt that David is aware of his circumstances and it makes the choice at the end all the more powerful.<br /><br />And the music in the movie is great . It 's probably what makes the movie as enjoyable as it is . Particularly , " Njosnavelin " by Sigur Ros , which is an amazing song.<br /><br />All in all , I 'd give it 3 out 4 stars . It 's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through , and a great story for those looking to relax . That " moderate " approach is probably why people dislike it so much because it is n't a full blown mystery , or a full blown love story . It mixes and matches different elements and genres .
1 I had heard some not too good things about this movie and had probably seen the low score here at IMDb and that 's why I had avoided it . Today they showed Vanilla Sky on TV and as I had nothing better to do ... and as it turned out , I would have had a hard time finding anything better to do . Vanilla Sky is a frightening , sad and touching movie , actually one of the best I 've seen in a while . I was surprised by how I was affected watching it . It 's hard to explain , but during the movie your feelings towards the characters and your perception of what is going on changes and it 's quite an emotional journey . Vanilla Sky really touched me in a way that is very rare for a movie , or any media for that matter.<br /><br />I really recommend everyone to watch this movie . Regardless of what you have heard about it .
1 How strange the human mind is ; this center of activity wherein perceptions of reality are formed and stored , and in which one 's view of the world hinges on the finely tuned functioning of the brain , this most delicate and intricate processor of all things sensory . And how much do we really know of it 's inner - workings , of it 's depth or capacity ? What is it in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream ? Or can we ? Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see , like looking at a painting by Monet , in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality . It 's a concept visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his highly imaginative and consciousness - altering film , ` Vanilla Sky , ' starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz . At the age of thirty - three , David Aames ( Cruise ) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father . His fifty - one percent controlling interest , however , has made him something of a marked man , as there are seven members of his board of directors , and each deems himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of the lion 's share of the company . And fueling the fires of discontent is their perception that David lacks the focus the job requires.<br /><br />Admittedly , David likes to play ; still , he 's in control of the business and does what he sees fit , whether the board ( he refers to them as the ` Seven Dwarfs ' ) likes it or not , and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly . But during a lavish birthday party in his honor , one of the corporate lawyers , Thomas Tipp ( Timothy Spall ) warns David that the seven are up to something behind his back . At the time , however , it 's the last thing on David 's mind ; he 's been having a casual affair with a friend , Julie Gianni ( Cameron Diaz ) , but even that moves to the back burner when he meets a woman at his party that he ca n't get out of his mind . Her name is Sofia ( Penelope Cruz ) , and after knowing her for only one night , she becomes a pivotal part of his life-- which is about to be turned upside down , as on the morning after his party he makes a decision that will change his life forever . And he is about to learn that sometimes , there is simply no going back.<br /><br />Director Cameron Crowe has crafted and delivered much more than just another film with this one ; far more than a movie , ` Vanilla Sky ' is a vision realized . Beginning with the first images that appear on screen , he presents a visually stunning experience that is both viscerally and cerebrally affecting . It 's a mind - twisting mystery that will swallow you up and sweep you away ; emotionally , it 's a rush-- and it may leave you exhausted , because it requires some effort to stay with it . But it 's worth it . Think ` Memento ' with a driving rock n ' roll soundtrack and a vibrant assault of colors proffered by the stroke of an impressionist 's brush . There 's darkness and light , and sounds that pound and drive until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain . And all played out on a landscape of virtual reality swirling beneath that ever expanding vanilla sky . Simply put , this one 's a real trip ; it 's exciting-- and it 's a mind bender.<br /><br />As to the performances here , those who ca n't get past the mind - set of Tom Cruise as Maverick in ` Top Gun , ' or his Ethan Hunt in ` Mission Impossible , ' or those who perceive him only as a ` movie star ' rather than an actor , are going to have to think again in light of his work here . Because as David Aames , Cruise gives the best performance of his career , one that should check any doubts as to his ability as an actor at the door . He 's made some interesting career choices the past few years , with films like ` Magnolia ' and ` Eyes Wide Shut ' merely warm - ups for the very real and complex character he creates here . And give him credit , too , for taking on a role that dispels any sense of vanity ; this is Cruise as you 've never seen him before . ` Jerry Maguire ' earned him an Oscar nomination , and this one should , also-- as well as the admiration and acclaim of his peers . Cruise is not just good in this movie , he is remarkable.<br /><br />Penelope Cruz turns in an outstanding , if not exceptional performance , as well , as Sofia , the woman of David 's dreams . There 's an alluring innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her forthcoming and accessible , yet she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added that special ` something extra ' to the part . But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors , and he certainly did with Cruz.<br /><br />He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz , who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie . She 's never looked better , and fairly sizzles on screen . But make no mistake , this is no ` window - dressing ' part , and Diaz delivers a complete package with this character . The quality of her performance can be measured , in fact , in the impact she makes with rather limited screen time . And it 's the persona she integrates so fully with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable . Overall , a terrific job by Diaz.<br /><br />The supporting cast includes Kurt Russell ( Dr. McCabe ) , Jason Lee ( Brian ) , Johnny Galecki ( Peter ) , Armand Schultz ( Dr. Pomerantz ) , Noah Taylor ( Ed ) , Mel Thompson ( ` L.E. ' Man ) , Jean Carol ( Woman in New York ) and John Fedevich ( Silent Ed ) . About half - way through , this one may have you questioning your own sense of reality ; but rest assured , by the end of ` Vanilla Sky ' all will be revealed . It 's a reality - bender , to be sure , and a wild one ; but this is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying-- and unique-- experience , one you have to see to believe . It 's the essential , and absolute , magic of the movies . 10/10.<br /><br / >
1 Vanilla Sky is a 2001 remake of the 1997 movie Abre Los Ojos ( Open Your Eyes ) . And in my opinion , a much more human and emotional version . Tom Cruise plays David Aames , a selfish egomaniac who takes other people 's emotions for granted , and thinks only of himself . Jason Lee plays Brian Shelby , David 's best , and in many ways , only friend . Penelope Cruz plays Sofia Serrano , Brian 's girlfriend whom accompanies him to David 's birthday party . Cameron Diaz plays Julie Gianni , David 's occasional bed buddy . Kurt Russell plays Dr. Curtis McCabe , a psychologist interviewing David . All of their interactions , and the consequences of them , make Vanilla Sky one of the most emotional , and complex thrillers ever made . I wo n't explain anymore of the plot , because it 's far more compelling , the less you know . Ignore all people that call this film too confusing to follow . If you pay attention , you wo n't be confused . The film is very complex , but not confusing . And in my opinion , one of the best movies ever made .
1 " Vanilla Sky " was a wonderfully thought out movie . Or rather , " Abre Los Ojos " was well thought out . I watched that movie late one night , excited about what was to come . I was n't disappointed . By the end of the movie , I was awstruck . I could n't get it off my mind . The whole idea of it just blew me away . The ending , was more of a surprise than Shyamalan could ever do . The plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through . The cast , superb . It was an all around wonderful movie . The kind of movie you can watch again and again and always find something new . I 've seen it four or five times and I 'm always finding something new . It 's a movie to keep you interested forever .
1 I could not agree more with the quote " this is one of the best films ever made . " If you think Vanilla Sky is simply a " re - make , " you could not be more wrong . There is tremendous depth in this film : visually , musically , and emotionally.<br /><br />Visually , because the film is soft and delicate at times ( early scenes with Sofia ) and at other times powerful and intense ( Times Square , post - climactic scenes).<br /><br />The music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly . Without the music , the story is only half told . Nancy Wilson created an emotional , yet eclectic , score for the film which could not be more suitable for such a dream - like theme ( although never released , I was able to get my hands on the original score for about $ 60 . If you look hard , you may be able to find a copy yourself ) . Crowe 's other musical selections , such as The Beach Boys , Josh Rouse , Spiritualized , Sigur Ros , the Monkees , etcetera etcetera , are also perfect fits for the film ( Crowe has an ear for great music).<br /><br />More importantly , the emotional themes in this film ( i.e. love , sadness , regret ) are very powerful , and are amplified tenfold by the visual and musical experience , as well as the ingenious dialogue ; I admit , the elevator scene brings tears to my eyes time and time again.<br /><br />The best part of this film however ( as if it could get any better ) is that it is so intelligently crafted such that each time you see the film , you will catch something new -- so watch closely , and be prepared to think ! Sure , a theme becomes obvious after the first or second watch , but there is always more to the story than you think.<br /><br />This is easily Cameron Crowe 's best work , and altogether a work of brilliance . Much of my film - making and musical inspiration comes from this work alone . It has honestly touched my life , as true art has a tendency of doing . It continually surprises me that there are many people that can not appreciate this film for what it is ( I guess to understand true art is an art itself).<br /><br />Bottom line : Vanilla Sky is in a league of its own .
1 This film is one of Tom Cruise 's finest films . He captures the audiences imaginations with his role of David Aames . His character can relate to us all in some way . The story line is very clever and keeps the audience on edge throughout the whole film . I never really watched Cruise movies that much before but after seeing this it shows me his true talent . My favourite part in the movie is the end where it all comes to a big conclusion and he find out the truth . If you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try . It 's one of those films that once you 've started watching it you just got to see it until the end or it will keep you thinking and you will regret it . My opinion is you should just go buy it and take a risk that s what I did and it became one of my favourite films of all time . It 's A * 10/10 I promise once you watch it , it will stick with you and you will like it forever .
1 " The sweet is never as sweet without the sour . " This quote was essentially the theme for the movie in my opinion . Tom Cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life . He takes things for granted and it comes around full swing in this great movie with a superb twist . This film will keep you engaged in the plot and unable to pause it to take a bathroom break.<br /><br />Its a movie that really makes you step back and look at your life and how you live it . You can not really appreciate the better things in life ( the sweet ) , like love , until you have experienced the bad ( the sour ) . The theme will really get you to " open your eyes".<br /><br />Only complaint is that the movie gets very twisted at points and is hard to really understand . I think the end is perfect though . I recommend you watch it and see for yourself .
1 I 'm from Romania i 'll try to speak in English . All i want to say about this movie is that it is and will be my all time number one . Seen it above 30 times at least and will see it for many years now . It has all the little things i like in a movie , it 's very touching makes me cry . Shows a whole lot of twisted love things and questions about love and reality , and the true things that matter for different people . It so happens that for me this matters the most , the love , the soul of a man , he 's inner being , and this i see in this movie . Perhaps for me it 's much more than a motion picture , it 's a proof in my mind that it could really exist and that you most make the best out of every moment you live with your soul mate . It 's a long way from reality to sci - fi , but .. what if . What if all the capitalism disappeared and economy would go down , would fall ? We would all be concerned about other issues and my thought is that , on your death bed , the bigger thing you remember , is not the wealth , not the adventure , not the countries you visited and the people that remember you . But the true friends and your true love and the hope that after you die , all will be god damn perfect and people would be good and care more . WATCH THIS MOVIE and probably it will guide you through your life like it did to me :) Hail from Romania
1 This movie consists of such great emotion especially with its outstanding soundtrack that coincides with the film . Tom Cruise is one of my favorite actors because of his enthusiasm to make films and to entertain . This movie was not the best the first time I watched it , but after about 3 more times I decided that this is one of the best films that I have ever seen . It takes place in New York , and progresses on through his lifestyle . He discovers a delimma in his life with his girlfriend ( Diaz ) . He goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination . This film was beyond my expectations , and is one of Cruise 's best films ever !
1 I really can say I felt the movie in its right essence where the mind games from dreamy reality enter into the surreal aspect of future faced by Tom Cruise . I did n't cared much about Tom Cruise 's acting prowess but I must say that he seems to impress at every point in the movie ... not simply due to an engaging storyline but also due to his self being imparted to the lead character .... they merge and then speak and its beautiful . However I must say this movie does n't come under the " average flick of weekend " which you pick at random and watch gleefully ; It carries strong sentiments and characters so do n't wash this one down with your beer and pop - corns . It certainly needs more than that .
1 After reading some quite negative views for this movie , I was not sure whether I should fork out some money to rent it . However , it was a pleasant surprise . I have n't seen the original movie , but if its better than this , I 'd be in heaven.<br /><br />Tom Cruise gives a strong performance as the seemingly unstable David , convincing me that he is more than a smile on legs ( for only the third time in his career- the other examples were Magnolia and Born on the Fourth of July ) . Penelope Cruz is slightly lightweight but fills the demands for her role , as does Diaz . The only disappointment is the slightly bland Kurt Russell . In the movie , however , it is not the acting that really impresses- its the filmmaking.<br /><br />Cameron Crowe excels in the director 's role , providing himself with a welcome change of pace from his usual schtick . The increasing insanity of the movie is perfectly executed by Crowe ( the brief sequence where Cruise walks through an empty Time Square is incredibly effective ) . The soundtrack ( a distinguishing feature of a Crowe movie ) is also sublime.<br /><br />You will be shocked and challenged as a viewer . The plot does seem a little contrived but the issues explored behind it are endlessly discussable . The movie is n't perfect , but its a welcome change of pace for Cruise and Crowe and for those raised on a diet of Hollywood gloss , should be a revelation .
1 This is one of those movies that 's difficult to review without giving away the plot . Suffice to say there are weird things and unexpected twists going on , beyond the initial superficial " Tom Cruise screws around with multiple women " plot.<br /><br />The quality cast elevate this movie above the norm , and all the cast are well suited to their parts : Cruise as the irritatingly smug playboy who has it all - and then loses it all , Diaz as the attractive but slightly deranged jilted lover , Cruz as the exotic new girl on the scene and Russell as the fatherly psychologist . The story involves elements of romance , morality , murder - mystery , suspense and sci - fi and is generally an entertaining trip.<br /><br />I should add that the photography is also uniformly excellent and the insertion of various visual metaphors is beautiful once you realize what 's going on.<br /><br />If you enjoy well - acted movies with twists and suspense , and are prepared to accept a slightly fantastic Philip K Dick style resolution , then this is a must - see . < br /><br />9/10
1 Strangely , this version of OPEN YOUR EYES is more mature and more nuanced . Aided by hindsight , Crowe 's screenplay is a lot tighter and more fleshed out than Amenabar 's original . The Spanish filmmaker should get credit for thinking of the story first , but there 's no doubt that Crowe has improved on it -- if just slightly . Notice that you have no idea what the lead did in OPEN YOUR EYES , but you know almost everything about the lead in VANILLA SKY . That 's what i mean by more " fleshed out . "
1 I really liked this movie . I 've read a few of the other comments , and although I pity those who did not understand it , I do agree with some of the criticisms . Which , in a strange way , makes me like this movie all the more . I accept that they have got a pretty cast to remake an intelligent movie for the general public , yet it has so many levels and is still great to watch . I also love the movies , such as this one , which provoke so many debates , theories , possible endings and hidden subtext . Congratulations Mr . Crowe , definitely in my Top Ten.<br /><br />P.S. Saw this when it first came out whilst I was backpacking in Mexico , it was late at night and I had to get back to my hotel and I had a major paranoia trip ! Where does the dream end and the real begin ?
1 Despite excellent trailers for Vanilla Sky , I was expecting to be disappointed by the film because I 'd heard that it did not get great reviews . However , I left the cinema completely in awe of how good Vanilla Sky is.<br /><br />There was no bad acting at all in the whole film , every single character is believable . The romantic moments between Cruise 's character , David Aames and Cruz 's character , Sophia are tear - jerkingly realistic and intimate ( probably due to the fact that they were a soon - to - be real - life couple).<br /><br />The plot of Vanilla Sky will confuse you in the last third of the film and there 's very little chance of you guessing the ending . However , ends are tied up towards the end , leaving you with a strange mixture of feelings consisting of sadness , shock and empathy for David Aames.<br /><br />The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout . This is n't that hard because chances are that you 'll be completely drawn in to the film and wo n't take your eyes off the screen for one second.<br /><br />I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch . But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it . I recommend it to anyone who wants a change from simple , shallow films .
1 I went to see Vanilla Sky with a huge , huge , huge!! .. Tom Cruise fan , my extremely cynical brother and my girlfriend ... what can I say .. I was totally blown away by the movie and especially TC 's performance , I thought it was a very moving film and it was not at all what I was expecting.<br /><br />I had read the reviews and had decided not to go and see it , I am so pleased that I was ' coerced ' into seeing it . The strange thing is I can not say why , all I can say is that I found it totally involving and could not stop thinking about it the next day . As to what I felt about the film , all I can say about is , ITS NOT THE STORYLINE ( fantasy , psychodrama , whatever ) its about the people and the events that shape their life and how small events , like getting into a car can change everything ...... <br /><br />As to what the critics wrote , yes maybe the original was a stunning 2nd film for Alejandro Amenábar , but this was a totally different interpretation of the subject , and by no means a narcissistic remake for the benefit of Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz.<br /><br />I can not even consider writing a couple of trite , glib sentences to describe the film just go and see it!!!!<br /><br />Yes I know this is n't a balanced thoughtful review but so what .It 's not that kind of film .
1 This film was just absolutly brilliant . It actually made me think . During the whole movie I was confused as hell . I loved everything about it ... it was just so confusing and so twisted and weird , it was hard not to love it . All of the actors were phenominal , and no one could have done a better job ... This is one of my favorites of the year ... it deserves an ocar .
1 As the one - line summary says , two movies have left such a remark on me when I walked out of the theater . The one was " Stir of Echoes " with Kevin Bacon , and the second was " Vanilla Sky".<br /><br />Its one of those movies that you sit deep in the theater seat and stop thinking about anyone around you , stop wondering what the end of the movie will be and just leave the movie swift you where it wants ... Walking out of the cinema was a bit weird , like that feeling you get when you are sick and ca nt think of anything . One of those movies that you become one with the guy , and feel that nothing else moves around you than the things in the movie.<br /><br />One thing is certain . The actors are awesome , the sound track is excellent , and everything in the movie is 9+.<br /><br />Surely one of the best movies I ever saw , and the movie that made the best and most shocking awaking about my life and my purpose in this world .
1 David Aames is a rich good - looking guy who lives in New York City . When his ' sleeping partner ' Julie Gianni gets very jealous after David falls for Spanish beauty Sofia , she gets David into her car and tells him that he 's the only guy she loves and wants to be with , but seeing as he 's in love with Sofia , she decides to commit suicide with David in the car with her , by driving off a bridge . David survives the crash , but is left with a disfigured face . He is then charged with the murder of Julie . The thing is , David does n't know what 's real and what 's not as he keeps having these strange dreams ( Most of which are actually nightmares . ) and flashbacks , some of which just do n't make sense to him . Everything will soon come back to him though as he 's begins to find out the truth.<br /><br />Well , there 's an all star cast here , including Tom Cruise , Penélope Cruz , Cameron Diaz , Kurt Russell , Jason Lee and Noah Taylor who all give good performances in the movie . In the movie they all put off different things about there characters , like happiness , sadness , angry , etc . really well . There 's also a cameo in the movie from the brilliant , Steven Spielberg.<br /><br />Vanilla Sky is a well made , different , interesting and original movie which will leave you talking about it a lot after it 's finished . It 's not just a thriller , but it 's a real psychological thriller . The trailer for the movie is really good , but the movie is so different from what it might be made out to be . It 's been directed very well and there were a couple of really great scenes here too . All in all , an enjoyable movie which should be really be paid attention too . They are sure making a lot of " Are they dead , if not who is dead " movies recently .
1 this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see . i was talked into it and dragged into the theater , but boy am i glad for that . i thought it was going to be just another love story , but it turns out to be SOOO much more than that . definatly an intellectual flick , one of those movies you have to pay attention to .
1 Warning : Does contain spoilers.<br /><br />Open Your Eyes < br /><br />If you have not seen this film and plan on doing so , just stop reading here and take my word for it . You have to see this film . I have seen it four times so far and I still have n't made up my mind as to what exactly happened in the film . That is all I am going to say because if you have not seen this film , then stop reading right now.<br /><br />If you are still reading then I am going to pose some questions to you and maybe if anyone has any answers you can email me and let me know what you think.<br /><br />I remember my Grade 11 English teacher quite well . His name was Mr. Krisak . To me , he was wise beyond his years and he always had this circuitous way of teaching you things that perhaps you were n't all too keen on . If we did n't like Shakespeare , then he turned the story into a modern day romance with modern day language so we could understand it . Our class room was never a room , it was a cottage and we were on the lake reading a book at our own leisure time . This was his own indelible way of branding something into our sponge - like minds . < br /><br />I begin this review of Vanilla Sky with a description of this brilliant man because he once gave us an assignment that has been firmly etched in my mind , like the phone number of a long lost best friend , and it finally made some sense to me after watching The Matrix . Now if I did n't know better , I would have thought that the Wachowski brothers were really just an alias for my teacher Mr. Krisak . But giving them the benefit of the doubt , we 'll assume it was n't him . But that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable . < br /><br />He had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real . Show me how you can tell that you are real . This got the class spouting off all of the usual ideas that I 'm sure you can imagine . Everything from pain , to sense of touch to sense of loss to sense of hunger were spouted off to our teacher to prove to him that we were real . After every scenario that we gave him , he would come back with the one answer that would leave us speechless.<br /><br />"What if you are nothing but someone else 's dream?" < br /><br />What if you were someone else 's dream ? What a messed up question that is . This was a question / scenario posed to us about 15 years ago , before the astronomical use of the Internet and rapid advancement of computers . How possible could it seem back then ? But if you look at today 's technology , now ask yourself , what it you were a part of someone else 's dream.<br /><br />Another brilliant but surreal film this year , David Lynch 's Mulholland Drive explored similar areas . But Vanilla Sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to . In short this is one film that will literally ( if you let it ) blow your mind from all of the possibilities that surround you.<br /><br />Open your Eyes.<br /><br />Tom Cruise plays David Aames , a young , hot shot , righteous , full of himself publisher and owner of several magazines . He inherited this from his father and although he has talent and business savvy , his board of governers , the Seven Dwarfs , think he is a rich dink born with a silver spoon in his mouth . They feel he has done nothing to deserve the pinnacle of success that each and every one of them believes should go to them . < br /><br />Early in the film we meet one of David 's gorgeous toys named Julie Gianni , played with pernicious but bombastic perfection by Cameron Diaz . David and Julie play a good game , both claiming they are just there to use each other and are not the slightest bit interested in a monogamous , committed relationship . This is the type of relationship commensurate with David 's other flings he 's had in the sexual prime of his life . And although both talk a good game , we can tell that only one is really telling the truth . < br /><br />Next we meet Brian Shelby , played with a stroke of genius by Kevin Smith 's good buddy Jason Lee . Brian is writing a book that David is going to publish but they are also very good friends . This is something that David has very little of in his life and you can sense a real caring for one another early on in the film . Brian has one famous line that he keeps telling David over and over again . And that is " the sweet ai n't so sweet without the bitter . " He goes on to tell him that one day he will find true love and not just this part time lover status that he seems to perpetrate with all of the floozies who inhabit his bed for a night or two.<br /><br />At David 's huge birthday bash , ( so huge that the likes of Steven Spielberg wish him a happy birthday ) Brian enters with his date , Sofia Sorrano , played of course by Penelope Cruz with what has to be the best performance of this year by an actress . This is a bash by invite only and at first David and Sofia seem intrigued with one another . And in typical David fashion , despite his best friend being there , he begins to flirt with Sofia . To complicate things , Julie shows up uninvited and begins spying on David . David then spends the night with Sofia , but they only talk and draw caricatures of one another . There is no hanky panky . The next day , as David is leaving Sofia 's apartment , he is greeted by Julie , who offers him a ride and from there ....... well , I think we have all seen the commercials.<br /><br />That is all I will really say about the plot , because from here the film teases us with what is reality and what is blurred perception . We are introduced to a character played by Kurt Russel and a few other shady characters that all play a part in this labyrinth like haze . There is a subtext of death and possible panacea - like cure - alls that may or not be able to create the possibility of eternal life . This is just one of the intriguing possibilities the movie offers us , but it does n't end there.<br /><br />Like many movies seem to thrive on today , this film has a secret . Sixth Sense may have began this craze , but look even further back and you can maybe thank Angel Heart for starting the craze . Regardless of how it originated , Vanilla Sky has one of it 's own surreptitious gut busters . And what makes this one so much fun is that the film gives you many obvious clues along the way but not enough to give you an apodictic solution to the gauntlet of truth and lies you have just put yourself through . I have seen this film four times and every time it has been because I want to see if there is something more I can pick up , something more I can understand . To be able to work your mind in the theater , to enable it to open up to new possibilities is something rare in a film . All of the ersatz so called " Best Pictures of the year " have been good but nothing spectacular . They lack substance . A Beautiful Mind was intriguing but flat , The Royal Tenenbaums was interesting but uneven . Vanilla Sky is a rarity because it is a film that leaves you yearning for more yet guarantees your satisfaction because the film and those that made it care about it . I know this film has received mixed reviews but I just think that those who do n't like it do n't quite understand it . < br /><br />This is what film making is supposed to be like . This is what a film is supposed to do to you . It is supposed to make you feel something . Most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces . This one isn't.<br /><br />10 out of 10 The best film of the year . I would love to see this get nominated for best picture and I would love to see Cruz up for best Actress , Diaz for best supporting , Cruise for best actor and Jason Mewes should be a shoe in for best supporting actor . Cameron Crowe should there as well . None of this may come to pass , and that is a shame . This is one film that should not be missed . < br /><br />And on a final note , I am quite sure Mr. Krisak would like this film and maybe this is the one film that may answer his question . Can you prove you are real ? Or are we just a figment of someone 's imagination ? Are we artificially transplanted for someone else 's bemusement ? This is a film that spawns more questions than it does answers . And I 'm sure that is just fine with him.<br /><br />Open Your Eyes
1 Made me think about it for days after seeing it . That to me is the mark of a great movie . Eyes Wide Shut had the same effect on me . I am tired of these people requiring these happy Hollywood cookie - cutter endings . I am planning on going to see it again tonight to understand the plot a little better - but regardless , the emotional messages of the movie were totally felt .
1 It does seem like this film is polarizing us . You either love it or hate it . I loved it.<br /><br />I agree with the comment(s ) that said , you just got ta " feel " this one.<br /><br />Also , early in the film , Tom Cruise shows his girlfriend a painting done by Monet -- an impressionist painter . Monet 's style is to paint in little dabs so up close the painting looks like a mess , but from a distance , you can tell what the subject is . Cruise mentions that the painting has a " vanilla sky " . I believe this is a hint to the moviegoer . This movie is like that impressionist painting . It 's impressionist filmmaking ! And it 's no coincidence that the title of the movie refers to that painting.<br /><br />This is not your typical linear plot . It requires more thought . There is symbolism and there are scenes that jump around and no , you 're not always going to be sure what 's going on . But at the end , all is explained.<br /><br />You will need to concentrate on this movie but I think people are making the mistake of concentrating way too hard on it . After it ends is when you should think about it . If you try to figure it out as it 's unfolding , you will overwhelm yourself . Just let it happen ... "go " with it ... keep an open mind . Remember what you see and save the analysis for later.<br /><br />I found all the performances top notch and thought it to be tremendously unique , wildly creative , and spellbinding.<br /><br />But I will not critize the intelligence of those of you who did n't enjoy it . It appeals to a certain taste . If you like existential , psychedelic , philosophical , thought - provoking , challenging , spiritual movies , then see it . If you prefer something a little lighter , then skip it.<br /><br />But if you DO like what I described , then you will surely enjoy it .
1 Note : These comments are for people who have seen the movie.<br /><br />Vanilla Sky is a brilliant , complex , and thrilling movie that existentially explores exactly what the tag - line says : LoveHateDreamsLifeWorkPlayFriends . Maybe the movie plot can come into focus for confused movie - goers if one looks at it from a different angle.<br /><br />Considering the following:<br /><br />Now , I have not painstakingly gone through the film scene by scene , so I will have to further examine my assertions , ( and I welcome your thoughts ) but give this a try and see if the movie does n't fall into place : Where exactly does the debatable ' splice ' occur?<br /><br />Now , I 'm not talking about the splice as it is explained by the L.E. ' technician ' , since that sequence itself could be actually interpreted as a rationalization inside of David Aames 's mind / dream / coma state , but the true splice between reality and dream.<br /><br />It seems to me that the reality of the car crash , the way that it is filmed ( no explosion , for example ) is a likely ' splice ' point , and that any particular sequence containing an existential / dream / coma / non - reality feel to it -- whether it 's shown onscreen before or after the crash -- is actually a part of Aames ' personal journey toward self - realization inside of his own mind.<br /><br />In that respect , then , we are left with two questions at the very end(if you know of more , let me know ) : is Aames actually disfigured , and where does he wake up?<br /><br />If you do n't get entirely wrapped up in the exact sequence of details in the plot , or at what particular point his dreams are scattered throughout , this movie becomes a fascinating exploration of a human on a journey to find himself and what that means in today 's pop - culture society.<br /><br / >
1 Comparable to Fight Club , The Matrix , A.I. , Sixth Sense , among others . This film approaches the psyche in a way never done before . The first 30 minutes builds a interesting love story between Diaz - Cruise - Cruz . The rest of the movie is , well , confusing , you 'll pick more every time you watch it ( i 've gone to the movies to see it 3 times now )
1 I think a lot of people just wrote this off as another one of Tom Cruise 's weird movies ( Magnolia , Eyes Wide Shut ) but Vanilla Sky is definitely its own movie . Many people said it was weird ; it was n't . It was different and confusing but not weird . Weird is Stanley Kubrick or Pauly Shore . Different is The Truman Show . Confusing is The Matrix or The Game . And unlike Kubrick , this movie has a conclusion . Everything makes sense -- maybe not immediately , maybe not even today , but it will make sense . Vanilla Sky is confusing because David Aames ( Tom Cruise ) is confused . THAT 'S the point . That 's where the so - called " weirdness " that turned critics away came in . If they had bothered to " open [ their ] eyes " as the original 1997 Spanish movie , they would have seen that . And if that 's not enough reason to see it , go see it for the music . Cameron Crowe offers a wonderful soundtrack ; he uses it to set the " feel " -- that notorious element that many movies lack . With songs like The Beach Boys ' " Good Vibrations " playing at the dramatic and emotional climax of the movie , he creates an offbeat , yet astoundingly " right " feel . A wonderful film , in its script , music , acting , and images , Vanilla Sky is sadly , a superficial bandwagon movie that critics chide in order to appear intelligent . Excellent : A+
1 I am a huge fan of Say Anything , Jerry Maguire , and Almost Famous ( I was n't that big on Singles ) , so it 's safe to say that I look forward to anything that Cameron Crowe attaches his name to . I went to see Vanilla Sky having been told that it was a very weird movie and that I probably would n't like it if I was expecting anything similar to Crowe 's other films . Well , having just seen it , let me say that the former was correct , and the latter could n't have been more wrong . It is a very weird movie , and nothing really comes together until the end . Anyone who tells you that they saw it coming halfway into the movie is either lying to you or is unable to detach their hindsight from their memory . Anyway , the movie was stellar , and I look forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released . I was moved by the film , and felt emotionally spent by the end . This is an experience that will draw from the viewer the entire spectrum of human emotion , if the viewer allows him / herself into the plot . In the theatre in which I saw the movie , there were more than a few people who clearly lost track of the movie and were bored by it when they found that they were unable to get back into the plot . I 'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this . I do n't mean that to sound pompous , but some people are more cut out for the Seagal , Chan , Van Damme genre of movies , and these are the types that probably would not enjoy this movie . It is very cerebral , so make sure you are prepared for a two hour mental bender , as well as much thought afterwards.<br /><br />As far as comparing this film to other Crowe movies , it is very similar in at least one regard , in all Crowe movies , the soundtrack is a character unto itself . This is almost definitely due to Crowe 's longstanding ties to music , as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows , and to his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson . It was also worthy to note that there was a definite chemistry between Tom Cruise 's acting and Crowe 's directing that made the movie seem familiar to anyone who has seen Jerry Maguire . In my mind , that is not a bad thing.<br /><br />Anyway , if I had to compare this movie to any one other film , I would say this : if you enjoyed David Fincher 's The Game , you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky .
1 This game is the bomb and this is the 007 game of the year and should be on greatest hits . When I got Agent Under Fire , I thought that was a good game but then Nightfire came around and that was better , but now there is a new type of James Bond game . This time it a 3rd person shooter and there is more than 12 missions , the graphics of the game are out of this house . It even has all of the great actors and actresses in this game like Pierce Bronsan as once again James Bond , William Dafoe as the villain Nikolai Diavolo , and Judi Dench as M ( forgive me all if I spell it wrong ) . This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.<br /><br />I give this a 10/10
1 This is one of the best bond games i have ever played because : < br /><br />The missions are very very fun to play they have lots of action in them they can be really hard sometimes that makes it even more fun the weapons that you use are really good . The cars in this game are really good the driving missions are fun to do . This James bond game has a good story to it . The voice over actors in this game are really good and it is cool that pierce brosnan is in this game and the way the characters look is really good because they look like what they look like in real life which is really cool . Also the graphics in this game pretty good.<br /><br />Overall score * * * * * * * * * out of * * * * * * * * * *
1 Do n't get me wrong . " GoldenEye " was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game to be based on the 007 franchise . But the series had fallen into a FPS rut . Enter " Everything or Nothing " , which puts Bond in third - person . When I wrote my earlier review for " From Russia With Love " , I had finished FRWL and just started EON and judged EON a bit harshly . Even though FRWL definitely has the edge in nostalgia and capturing the essence of the movie franchise , EON definitely is superior in terms of in - depth controls and gameplay variety . Missions range from standard running - and - gunning to driving an SUV , driving an Aston Martin , driving a limousine that is wired to explode , commandeering two different types of tanks a la " GoldenEye " , riding a motorcycle , flying a helicopter , repelling down a shaft guarded by laser tripwires , and free falling after a plummeting damsel . Sure , vehicle controls are a little clumsy , but the issue here is the variety.<br /><br />As movie adaptations , " GoldenEye " and FRWL were all that I could have hoped for . But EON 's original storyline adds to the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure . This is helped by the impressive cast list of Willem DeFoe , Shannon Elizabeth , Heidi Klum , and Misaki Ito . Judi Dench and John Cleese reprise their movie roles of M and Q , respectively , and Pierce Brosnan , while no Sean Connery , adds credibility to the game 's proceedings . All characters resemble the stars , with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum , who 's in - game model does n't do the real - life model justice . Mya 's theme song is on par with at least some of the big screen Bond title tunes.<br /><br />The game also plays tribute to some of the older Bond movies . Willem DeFoe 's character is a former colleague of Christopher Walken 's baddie from " A View to a Kill " . Richard Kiel appears as Jaws , the hulking henchman from " The Spy Who Loved Me " and " Moonraker " in three fight scenes , the first and best of which proceeds in the same fashion a fight in the movies would have.<br /><br />Single - player gameplay mainly consists of standard on - foot missions as Bond . Like Bond , you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with guns blazing . The game provides plenty of opportunities to utilize stealth , with plenty of wall and object cover . Unfortunately , unlike FRWL , only one button in EON controls both crouching and wall clinging , so Bond may end up crouching low when he 's supposed to be peeking around a corner , and vice - versa . The game also allows players to go into " Bond reflex " mode . While you browse your inventory , everything around you will go into super slo - mo , allowing you to analyze objects around you that can be interacted with . While this takes some getting used to , eventually this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular " Bond moments " , such as shooting down a chandelier to take out four goons underneath , and greatly add to the Bond movie feeling.<br /><br />There are 3 available difficulty levels : Operative , Agent , and Double Oh . On Operative , you can breeze through in a few hours . On Agent , a few weeks . On Double Oh , a few months . The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission . Garnering high scores on missions will unlock gold and platinum awards and effect features such as vehicle upgrades and the skimpy outfits the Bond girls wear . Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to a scarcity of checkpoints , but when all is said and done , no mission is any longer than a single action scene in a Bond movie.<br /><br />Multi - player , unfortunately , is not as thrilling . " GoldenEye " still has the best multi - player mode of any Bond game . EON 's main multi - player is a co - op campaign mode that puts players in charge of lesser MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond 's . A more standard third - person death match can be unlocked from this mode . But the single - player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date . The ending , as with most Bond games , is anticlimactic . While the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game , the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing . Also , levels that require Bond to be speedy become largely a matter of trial and error . Still , for any serious Bond fan , not playing this game is tantamount to missing one of the Bond films .
1 Goldeneye will always go down as one of thee most legendary games in VG history . Their is no doubt about that . But this game , although quite different , could quite possibly be the modern - day Bond champ , of its time.<br /><br />This was not a bond game based on material from another medium . This was a completely new ; scripted game . Which even had its own theme song ! ( would nt be bond without it , haha ! ) Gameplay was excellent , and if you 're a fan of the bond games or films alike , you 'll enjoy it.<br /><br />Unlike some / most games , these cast members portrayed their characters themselves , as opposed to fictional creations for the game . Which gives it that more cinematic feel . With a very ' bond'-able storyline , you feel like you 're in the game as much as you get lost in a movie.<br /><br />Enjoyable in all aspects , from start to finish . Even after beating the game there 's still plenty more to be done . With the ranking system and unlockables to be achieved , as well as its multi - player missions , this is a stand - out game . Despite being quite old now , in video game years . It 's still a good game that you can pick up & play whenever you feel the need to get a little more Bond in your life . Even now just thinking about it , I 've got the theme song stuck in my head . Such a great cast and well - written storyline.<br /><br />The story comes to life on the screen , almost as if the actors were their in front of you , and is every bit as entertaining as the game itself . Superbly done , in true bond fashion . Which can only be named Awesome , Completely Awesome.<br /><br />I've got ta go throw this game on now . If you have n't played it yet , you 're missing out !
1 * * Warning - this post may contain spoilers * * < br /><br />I only got a Gamecube in September 2005 , and the first two games I bought were James Bond games , the decent Agent Under Fire and the dull Goldeneye Rogue Agent . The next game I planned to get was Everything or Nothing , because my friend told me that it was better than the two games I already had . I have to say , he was right . < br /><br />I bought this for a tenner in HMV , and when I got home , I slammed it in to my Cube and played it for hours on end . It was much better than my other two games , and there was a much better and more interesting storyline . Graphics were some of the best I have seen ( but now that the XBOX 360 has come out , Farcry Instincts Predator has some of the best graphics known to man ) . The storyline was clever ; mad man ( Willem Dafoe , named as Nikolai Diavolo ) and beautiful henchwoman ( Heidi Klum , named as Katya Nadanova ) , try to destroy the world with tiny nanobots , which at the start of the game , you , James Bond , have to destroy on a train . The bad thing is that one of them is hidden in Katya 's boobs . You then have to thwart their plans and save the world.<br /><br />The great thing about this game is that it actually has actors voicing the characters , such as Cleese voicing Q. There are 27 levels , some of them short and some of them pretty long and tricky.<br /><br />Gameplay - 10/10 Graphics - 9/10 Sound - 9/10 Replay value - 7/10 Multiplayer - 8/10<br /><br />I give this game a grand total of 90 %
1 I have always been a huge James Bond fanatic ! I have seen almost all of the films except for Die Another Day , and The World Is Not Enough . The graphic 's for Everything Or Nothing are breathtaking ! The voice talents ......... WOW ! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN ! He is finally Bond in a video game ! HE IS BOND ! I enjoyed the past Bond games : Goldeneye , The World Is Not Enough , Agent Under Fire , and Nightfire . This one is definitely the best ! Finally , Mr. Brosnan , ( may I call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect ? Yes I can ! ) He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game ....... AT LONG LAST ! DUH ! I 've seen him perform with Robin Williams , and let me tell you , they make a great team . Pierce Brosnan is funny , wickedly handsome ( I mean to say wickedly in a good way , ) and just one of those actor 's who you would want to walk up to and wrap your arms around and hug , saying : " Pierce Brosnan , thank you for being James Bond , " " If it was n't for you , I would n't know who James Bond is . " He 's a great actor ! I am a huge fan of Willem Dafoe even though I 've seen him in a couple of movies . His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant . ( Did I spell the character 's name right ? ) LOL ! ! ! ! He does a great job with an accent . Sometimes I ca n't even hear an accent . I have seen Willem , I mean Mr. Dafoe , perform in two movies : Finding Nemo , and Spider - Man with my favorite actress : KIRSTEN DUNST ! SHE ROCKS ! Anyway , He never ceases to amaze . And Richard Kiel , wow , he 's definitely got the part of Jaw 's nailed . I 've seen him in the movie 's and he 's awesome ! As a matter of fact , my Grandparent 's have met Mr. Kiel , and I was jealous when they told me . But , Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of Celebritie 's that I want to meet . John Cleese was breathtaking . I have never seen a better person play as the wisecracking , and gadget creating Q ! Mr. Cleese was hilarious ! I 've seen him work with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies . He 's awesome ! John Cleese 's most recent project is Shrek 2 starring Mike Myer 's , Cameron Diaz , Julie Andrew 's and Eddie Murphy . ( Shrek 2 is now in theatre 's ! ) GOOD LUCK 007 ! Oh , yeah , and as Q alway 's says : " Grow up 007 ! "
1 I am a big fan a Faerie Tale Theatre and I 've seen them all and this is one of the best ! It 's funny , romantic , and a classic . I recommend this for all ages . It 's great for little kids because it 's well , Cinderella and great for adults and teen because it 's funny and not over the top . I watched it when I was little and I still watch it now . It has great lines that my family and I quote all the time . The acting is great and it never gets old . If you like fairy tales and romances you will love this . I 've watched many a Cinderella movie in my time and this is the best of them all . ( Sorry Disney ) I highly recommend this movie and all the Faerie Tale Theatre shows . They all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining .
1 Here is one the entire family will enjoy ... even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tales . Shelley Duvall outdid herself with this unique , imaginative take on nearly all of the popular fairy tales of childhood . The scripts offer new twists on the age - old fables we grew up on and they feature a handful of stars in each episode . " Cinderella " is no exception to Duvall 's standard and in my opinion it 's one of the top five of the series , highlighted by Jennifer Beals ( remember her from " Flashdance "-- and she 's still in Hollywood today making a movie here and there ) in the title role , Jean Stapleton as the fairy godmother with a southern accent and Eve Arden as the embodiment of wicked stepmotherhood . Edie McClurg ( " Ferris Bueller 's Day Off " ) and Jane Alden make for a hilarious duo as the stepsisters . Matthew Broderick is an affable Prince Henry . You 'll all keep coming back for this one !
1 This is the best of Shelley Duvall 's high - quality " Faerie Tale Theatre " series . The ugly stepsisters are broadway - quality comedy relief , and Eve Arden is the personification of wicked stepmotherhood . Jennifer Beals does an excellent job as a straight Cinderella , especially in the garden scene with Matthew Broderick 's Prince Charming . Jean Stapleton plays the fairy godmother well , although I 'm not sure I liked the " southern lady " characterization with some of the lines . Steve Martin 's comedy relief as the Royal Orchestra Conductor is quintessential Martin , but a tiny bit misplaced in the show 's flow.<br /><br />As is customary with the series , there are several wry comments thrown in for the older children ( ages 15 and up ) . With a couple of small bumps , the show flows well , and they live happily ever after . Children up to age 8 will continue to watch it after the parents finally get tired of it -- I found 3 times in one day to be a little too much .
1 This show is awesome ! and I 've seen it about 6 times.<br /><br />Granted it may be lacking in educational content as some people like those sort of movies , but I think it 's great , very funny and excellently written !
1 I have n't laughed that much in a long time - although the movie has some sad moments too , especially when it changes from hyper - funny to honest and serious . The characters are very realistic most of the times , sappy sometimes , but quite believable . I am not a fan of the Jerry Springer show - I feel sorry for the participating people . This film instead is a satire , and it is doing great.<br /><br />Too bad that all expletives were * beeped * out while this movie aired on public tv , that takes a lot of fun out of it . I will go rent this movie to fully enjoy it.<br /><br / >
1 The film maybe goes a little far , but if you love the show it 's what you expect . It 's not a bad movie ; it 's actually pretty good . If you do n't like the show , do n't see the movie . It starts off a little slow maybe , but then picks up and turns out to be pretty funny . There are even a few " heart - wrenching " scenes toward the end . After all the protagonists have gone through these scences do get to you . Also Jerry throws in his opinion why his show upsets people and justifies his show 's existience . He 's got a pretty good point . We care so much about the private details of celebrities lives , so why is it wrong that these people tell their private lives on national TV , too . If they were celebrities we would n't mind at all , we 'd eat it up . Do we not like his guest doing this just because they 're poor white trash and it reminds us that there really is poverty in this world and not just rich glamous movie stars living in a " Leave it to Beaver " world ?
1 I ca n't agree with any of the comments . First time I saw the film on a UK TV channel , it was presented as an indie film and if you take the film under this angle I think it 's an all different matter . I could n't believe what I was seeing and got hooked instantly . The plot may be as bad as a JS 's show ( ie there is no plot ) but the acting is wicked , it 's hilarious and it 's all in all an incredible trash movie . < br /><br />It says as much about America than a Bully or a Ken Park without the drama perspective but it gives a glimpse on the US society , and more precisely on what afternoon TV viewers in America ( and I believe there are plenty of them ! ) are interested in . After all it 's the neighbours we 're talking about , do n't we ? < br /><br />100 % fun !
1 It 's highly stylized , but this movie shows that real people appear on these shows and what seems like good fun and a chance to appear on television can have serious consequences.<br /><br />Yes , i 's mostly comedy , but there are some sad moments .
1 I thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting . It was raw and honest and felt as if I was really watching the " real people " not actors . It 's great entertainment , it also painted the people as human on our level not below us . It is a very good film .
1 An old saying goes " If you think you have problems , visit a hospital . " That has been updated in recent years to " If you think you have problems , watch a TV talk show ... especially Jerry Springer 's ! " This movie is one of those that is so bad , it 's good ! That 's why I gave it a seven - it 's all right , but not great . It 's a great way to waste 95 minutes , just as the daily talk show is advertised as " an hour of your life you 'll never get back ! " All the familiar themes are here ... unfaithful husbands / boyfriends , the wildest audience on television , women flashing Jerry , etc . The shocker was watching Molly Hagan , who normally plays sweet characters ( " Seinfeld " and " Herman 's Head " ) playing a trailer - trash mom and Jaime Pressly ( " My Name Is Earl " ) as her equally trashy daughter , performing sexual favors for virtually every man with whom they came in contact . The men ( including the staff producer ) were presented as quintessential lunkheads who deserved what they got . I do n't want to spoil or reveal everything but the movie plays like the daily show . Here in Phoenix , it 's shown back - to - back for two hours every morning and , after that , everything else seems to pale . Again , I give this movie a seven ... it 's good but not great . Jerry Springer is best taken in small one hour doses .
1 I rented the film ( I do n't think it got a theatrical release here ) out expecting the worse . The previews made the film look awful . I was in fact very surprised , it was well worth watching ; it was loosely scripted , almost like an ensemble piece of film . It had some very funny moments in it and although flawed is an effective satire on the show and the people on the show without being too scathing . It is flawed , mainly by the awful soundtrack of bludgeoning ' comedy ' effects but on the whole it comes across as honest and generally true to form of the show in an altmanesque or Larry Sanders way.<br /><br />At the moment it is the fashion to be critical of Jerry Springer , he is also an easy target . Springer could have made Citizen Kane and it would be proclaimed ' the worst film ever made ' . I recommend this film for anybody interested in the show . A flawed but innovative and interesting piece of film .
1 Personally , I disdain The Jerry Springer Show , however , I found " Ringmaster " to be the funniest movie I 've seen this year . The never - ending satire of Jerry Springer " guests " starting in the opening scene keeps you laughing throughout the movie . Despite a brief scene in which Jerry Springer makes a feeble attempt at justifying his existence , I definitely recommend this movie for sheer entertainment value .
1 Just saw the movie , and the scary thing was , the people talking during the movie sounded just like the actors . The movie had its moments , but also lagged and was rather sick . It was all meant to be a farce , but once you see the pathetic lives of the people in the movie , you think to yourself " People like this are all around us " All attempts at getting the audience 's sympathy are dashed as the actors do one stupid thing after another . On the plus side , there are some great ( and funny ) insults . I think I would wait for video- but it was a good laugh . WARNING- Jerry takes his shirt off during the movie ! ! ( not a pretty sight ! )
1 The Ancient Mariner is a truly classic piece of work , as the original poem was / is . The context / setting with the old mariner himself is fine , clear , and without pretense . The artistic work that accompanies the reading of the poem fits perfectly the time / period of the setting and of the work itself , carrying the audience into the period with a still , yet moving accompaniment , using excellent still - movement strategies only well conquered by the pre - MTV era producers and much less apparent in more current works . ( MTV brought to television and video a static movement that races through , often irrelevant cuts , from theme to theme without forward movement and without clear relationships to theme or storyline . ) The voice , intonation and vitality of Redgrave 's reading brings this touching poem to life with all its fear , strife and pain . In addition , the smooth movement of the video emphasizes the cadence and occasional monotone ( in this case a positive mood under the theme of the story itself)of the author 's rendition of the ancient mariner 's sad and spooky tale . This is a must for any love of classic poetry , the sea , a tall tale , that almost rings true , and a story that has left a lasting impact on our world and culture . Who does not understand the meaning of an " albatross " ? or the concept of " water , water everywhere and not a drop to drink ? " A truly fine experience . Thank you Mr. DaSilva for bringing this to life for us , never to be forgotten .
1 The blend of biography with poetry and live action with animation makes this a true work of art . The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving . The length of the work makes it easily accessible for class room exposure or TV / Video time slots .
1 Recently , a friend and I were discussing educational and ethical influences when we were growing up in the 1950 's versus today . She mentioned Samuel Taylor Coleridge , who , in 1798 , wrote The Rime of The Ancient Mariner . Both of us had been required to recite parts of the epic poem in high school and in English Literature courses in college . My friend said , " Its messages even might be called metaphysical within today 's context . " < br /><br />We tried reciting it and only remembered bits and pieces . ( I have problems remembering Dr. Seuss . ) I said I 'd get two copies of the poem so each could read it . That was easy enough , but I was extremely surprised to find it had been made into a film . We looked forward to watching the film to see how it had been interpreted . After all , The Rime of the Ancient Mariner is n't exactly light reading . After each had read the poem , we watched the film together.<br /><br />We considered the film a remarkable achievement , especially considering it was made in the 1970 's , before computers , before the so - called " Ken Burns effect , " and before special effects too often began compensating for a lack of substance . Particularly noteworthy are the 19th and 20th century illustrations culled from " lesser known artists , " such as Willy Pogany , the early Hollywood designer . < br /><br />The film is narrated by Sir Michael Redgrave , whom had taught the poem when he was a schoolmaster , adding a tone of authority and credibility in remaining true to the poem . < br /><br />Its mastery is in the layers of subtle messages , conveyed without " instructing , " or becoming an oppressive and obvious morality tale . We found it such a refreshing change from today 's ' in your face ' and ' clobber them over the head ' mentality . Most of today 's morality messages in film are two - dimensional : extreme violence , murder and mayhem mark the bad . The bad are really , really , bad , and good are super heroes . It is as if human character lacked any nuance . The Rime of The Ancient Mariner is a celebration of the individual , of character , of an appreciation for celebrating all the richness life has to offer , within the larger context of humanity , i.e. , man 's capacity to give to others . < br /><br />Proud of ourselves for having found this " unknown " gem , we then learned it had won the top award in its category five out of six times at " name " international film festivals . Another surprise was learning the film 's director , Raul daSilva , is a recognized authority on early animation , and authored six award winning books about film . < br /><br />This film 's message is just as relevant today , if not more so , than when Coleridge penned the original epic poem and when Raul daSilva translated it to film . If I still was teaching high school , which I did for five years , I 'd grab this one and show it to all my students . There 's a level of richness here that naturally leads to discussion about the big and important issues all of us face , whether in 1798 , 1978 , or today -- in fact , as long as humanity has a spiritual component.<br /><br />Highly recommended .
1 This filmed presentation of " the Rime of the Ancient Mariner " is a most beautiful and interesting rendition of Coleridge 's haunting poem . The striking cinematography , combined with a collection of two centuries of efforts to illustrate the epic poem of 1798 by world famous artists , and Michael Redgrave 's superb narration , are very well worth the time to view this excellent visual work.<br /><br />In the age of television , such work as this is an invaluable tool to induce young students , as well as adults , to explore and to learn the value of great poetry . To the best of my knowledge , this kind of work is indeed rare ; that is regrettable . As a student of world literature and as a former college professor and academic counselor , I feel that more great epic poems like Coleridge 's " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " should be so " translated . " Although not a movie critic , but as an avid reader of classic literature , I am glad to recommend this fine production without any reservations whatsoever .
1 I first saw this video 15 years ago . I thought it was excellent then and I still do . I am a former teacher of English ( high school and college ) and a lover of English Romantic poetry , so Coleridge rates highly with me . Anything which might detract from the beauty of the poem or the power of the story would n't get my vote of excellence . In this case , everything works well to engage the viewer , especially high school students . The story is well illustrated for a generation which grew up on television . In addition , the voice of Michael Redgrave adds a sense of authenticity and authority to it . Okay , so there was n't a big budget for the project . So it was n't Star Wars and there 's no CGI in it . But who can dismiss Gustave Doré illustrations as part of the presentation ? The comment above , which in just four lines dismisses the video as a piece of trash , is grossly unfair and unperceptive . I 'm a friend of the producer , but that is n't my reason for this comment . Rather , I 'm defending a work of artistry which I think has value on all levels . It is well suited to bring Coleridge 's poem to students in a way which awakens their appreciation of it and awakens their sympathy for the lesson which the ancient mariner imparts .
1 Thirty years after its initial release , the third version of " A Star Is Born " finally comes to DVD in a package that should please the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand . That would include me since I just saw her in concert singing among other numbers , the feminist anthem " Woman in the Moon " from this 1976 film . Easy to dismiss , the movie 's career - polarizing story is such a sturdy pile of Hollywood - style clichés that variations of it exist in other films including Streisand 's own " Funny Girl " . This time reset to the then - contemporary music scene , the timeworn plot follows self - destructive rock star John Norman Howard on his deep - dive career descent just as he meets club singer Esther Hoffman who is awaiting her big break.<br /><br />Troubles dog their courtship from the outset , as John Norman ( both names please ) responds to grasping fans and bloodless DJs with random acts of violence ( from which he inexplicably escapes prosecution ) . To John Norman , Esther represents his last shot at happiness , and in turn , she is drawn to the innately decent , creative musician underneath the façade . In the movie 's most pivotal scene , he gives Esther her big break at a benefit concert , and her career takes off . Inevitably , he ca n't handle the failure of his career in light of her meteoric success , and if you are familiar with any version of this story , you know the rest . Directed by Frank Pierson ( although Streisand 's budding directorial talents are obviously on display ) , the film still manages to draw me in , even though I know it is shamelessly contrived and manipulative . It still has a certain emotional resonance despite its numerous flaws.<br /><br />Although Streisand in her prime seems like the ideal choice to play a rising singing star , her screen persona is simply too strong and predefined to play Esther credibly . The same can be said for her performing style since the script seems to make allowances for her softer Adult Contemporary - oriented material to be accepted within the otherwise hardened world of arena rock . From the moment she pops her head up as the middle of the Oreos , she ca n't help but come across as an established star . I can forgive the lapse simply because she is an unparalleled vocal talent , but what becomes less forgiving is how she makes Esther more strident than poignant when John Norman 's woes become overwhelming . This creates an oddly discomfiting dynamic in the last part of the film when it becomes less about what caused the climactic event than Esther 's response to it . This is capped off by an uninterrupted eight - minute close - up of her memorial performance - great except when she regrettably mimics John Norman 's style toward the end.<br /><br />Kristofferson , on the other hand , gives a superb performance throughout , managing a level of honesty that grounds the film and makes palpable his concurrent feelings of love , pride and resentment toward Esther . He makes his vodka - soaked onstage growling work within this context . Otherwise , what always strikes me as strange about this version is how all the supporting characters are relegated to the background as if they did n't exist unless they were interacting with the two principals . The only ones who register are Paul Mazursky as John Norman 's level - headed manager Brian and Gary Busey as his cynical band manager Bobbie . Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees provides a nice burnish to the cinematography though a level of graininess persists in the print . A big seller in its day , the soundtrack is a hodgepodge of different styles from the 1970 's - some songs still quite good ( " Everything " , " Woman in the Moon " , " Watch Closely Now " ) , some that have moved to kitsch ( " Queen Bee " , Kenny Loggins ' " I Believe in Love " ) and of course , the inescapable " Evergreen".<br /><br />The print transfer on the 2006 DVD is clean and the sound gratefully crisp thanks to digital remastering . Streisand 's participation is the chief lure of the extras beginning with her feature - length commentary . She gives insightful information about the genesis of the film , the casting and the reportedly troubled production . She is also refreshingly candid about the megalomania of Jon Peters , her hairdresser boyfriend who became the movie 's producer , and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director . I just wish she could have provided more scene - specific comments that directly relate to what is on screen . She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes her , e.g. , it gets tiring to hear for the third time how the person playing the chauffeur was a friend of Peters . I think having a second commentator could have drawn out other nuggets from her.<br /><br />There is a wardrobe test reel that shows some amusing 1970 's clothes , especially Kristofferson 's mixed - fabric poncho and orange polyester shirt . There are also twelve deleted scenes included with Streisand 's optional commentary . One is a comic bread - baking scene which reminded me how much I like Streisand in farcical comedies . Another is an extended scene in which she plays " Evergreen " on the guitar in front of an awestruck Kristofferson who then falls asleep . The most interesting is an alternate take on the musical finale incorporating fast cuts , which I agree with Streisand should have been used . Fittingly , the theatrical trailers for all three versions of " A Star Is Born " are also included .
1 My mom took me to see this movie when it came out around Christmas of 1976 . I loved it then and I love it now . I know everyone makes fun of Barbra 's hair in this one , but I think she looks and sounds great ! ... And I seem to remember a number of women who copied that permed look at the time ! Also , the bath tub scene between Streisand and Kristoferson is just so sexy ! The music is great as well . This is the groovy 70 's Babs at her best !
1 A blockbuster at the time of it 's original release ( it was the second - highest grossing film of 1976 ) , the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always divided critics and fans alike . The film open to scathingly negative reviews , however , $ 5.6 million - budgeted picture went on to gross over $ 150 million at the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes . It 's not without some irony that Streisand 's most commercially successful film would also remain her most controversial . For every ten fans who state that STAR is Streisand 's best film , there are always ten more who claim it is the weakest film in her filmography . Although both sides have some merit to support their claims , it should still be noted that the seventies take on A STAR IS BORN remains one of the most touching and highly entertaining showbiz dramas that Hollywood ever produced . For my money , it 's the best version of the often - told tale.<br /><br />The film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing . Changing the setting from the old Hollywood studio system to the competitive world of the music industry was actually a great idea , and the screenplay forges a realistic contrast between the characters ' romance and their careers . This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually surpasses it 's classic predecessors . For example , the film is especially successful when depicting the clashing personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and the never - ending phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson 's songwriting attempts . This version of the story is also more believable in it 's portrayal of the lead characters . For example , the female leads in the two previous versions were so virtuous and self - sacrificing that they came off as saints . On the other hand , Esther , the female lead in this version , is not only portrayed as being strong and passionate , but also flawed and conflicted . This makes her feel more " real " than the Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland characters felt in the previous films , and makes the story that much more effective.<br /><br />The performances are all on target , even if some of the supporting characters are n't fleshed out enough . If you 're looking for an actress / singer who can walk the fine line between tough and vulnerable without making herself seem like a script contrivance , Streisand is definitely the girl you want . She 's one of the few film stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural , and , as usual , she manages to make a strong emotional connection with the viewer . Simply put , her Esther is a fully - realized , three - dimensional human being . Kris Kristofferson may not get much respect now for his laid - back characterization , however , he 's always interesting watch and displays a magnetic charisma here that he seldom displayed elsewhere in his career . Kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from NEWSWEEK , TIME , and even the NEW YORKER 's usually vicious Pauline Kael . Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give believable performances , but both have a fairly minimal amount of screen time.<br /><br />The film 's soundtrack recording was also a massive success , hitting the # 1 on Billboard 's Hot 200 and selling over four million copies in the US alone . The Streisand - composed " Evergreen " ( with lyrics from Paul Williams ) is unarguably one of the most gorgeous songs in contemporary pop , brought to even - further life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance from Streisand . The rest of the film 's original songs ( mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes ) are pretty good as well , and Streisand sounds fantastic - her live solo numbers remain in the memory long after the rest of the movie has faded . Streisand 's vibrant performances bring " Woman In The Moon " and " With One More Look At You " to thrilling life , and make even sillier numbers like " Queen Bee " work far better than they have the right to . Kristofferson 's solo numbers sound somewhat tuneless , however , that may have been intentional since he is playing a singer in decline.<br /><br />Though naturally dated in some respects ( it definitely does reflect the decade in which it was made ) , the seventies take on A STAR IS BORN still holds up remarkably well . The film is well - mounted and slickly produced , the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels genuine , and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finale that are both aching effective . In conclusion , A STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving , but it also transcends all criticism .
1 I am and was very entertained by the movie . It was my all time favorite movie of 1976 . Being raised in the 70 's , I was so in love with Kris Kristoffersons look and demeanor , of course I am no movie critic , but for the time era , I think it was very good . I very much like the combo of Streisand and Kristofferson . I thought they worked very well together . I have seen the movie many times and still love the two of them as Esther and John Norman . I am a very huge fan of Kris and see him in concert when I can . What a talented singer song writer , not to mention , actor . I have seen him in many movies , but still think back to A star is Born .
1 Personnaly I really loved this movie , and it particularly moved me . The two main actors are giving us such great performances , that at the end , it is really heart breaking to know what finally happened to their characters.<br /><br />The alchemy between Barbra Streisand and Kris Kristofferson is marvelous , and the song are just great the way they are . < br /><br />That 's why I did n't feel surprised when I learned it had won 5 golden globe awards ( the most rewarded movie at the Golden Globes ) , an Oscar and even a Grammy . This movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone . A great movie , that has often been criticized ( maybe because Streisand dared to get involved in it , surely as a " co - director " ) . Her artistry is the biggest , and that will surely please you !
1 She is such an extraordinary singer , who cares about anything else ! ! ! ! That final scene is one of the best moments in all of show biz - bar none ! ! I 'm glad she kept the camera on herself for ten minutes - she deserves that iconic status - such is the power of the voice . < br /><br />I first saw this film when I was five and it had a huge impact on me . I see it today , and yes , I can see some of the flaws ( like Esther wanting to leave the Grammy 's right as her award is being announced).<br /><br />But some of the other user comments are just plain false - I mean , where is the gratuitous nudity - maybe we saw different films ? ? ? < br /><br />Streisand 's singing ability is monumental , and if she has a big ego - fine ! < br /><br />She 's earned it .
1 I swear when I first saw this movie , I cried my eyes out ! A STAR IS BORN is the movie that lets you know what love is really like despite the obstacles John Norman ( Kris Kristofferson ) and Esther ( Streisand ) face . You also experience what it 's like to lose a love like that by the end of the movie . Streisand and Kristofferson have such great chemistry together and the music is fantastic ! When Streisand sings With one more look at you / Watch closely now , it 's just pure magic ! This movie made the song Evergreen one of my favorites , and Queen Bee is such a fun song . Also I love the fashion of the ' 70s ( except Streisand 's afro . Besides that , she 's a beauty . ) . A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie . This movie is a pleasure to watch and is a heart - breaker at the end .
1 I saw the trailer for this movie in the 70 's when I was barely 16 while viewing another film . Oh ! ! ! ! how excited me and my best friend were . we could n't wait for the month or so until it would come on . I saw this movie 17 times that year at the theatre . I love , love , love it . Kris is so perfect for the film . He is brash and kinda trashy but also shy and uncertain with Babs and it is so endearing to watch it again . When they sing evergreen at the studio and he chimes in with his raspy voice so very different from the perfect notes coming from her but I always thought this was one of the best scenes in the movie . The way he looks at her and he is so proud . I could watch this movie every day . We tried to dress like est - her I even have the long sweater and cap that was so like the one she wore . this came on TV on time and I got my daughters to watch it they were teens and they loved it to . Maybe its just that I was so caught up into it at an age when everything was extreme do n't know . The ending always has me in tears even today .
1 Considering ' A Star is Born ' had been made twice already by the time the 1976 film came into production , the latest remake has a freshness about it that can be attributed to the fantastic chemistry between the entire acting ensemble . A viewer could be forgiven for believing that Kris Kristofferson & Barbara Streisand were a couple off screen as well as on , with their incredible displays of pure affection towards one another.<br /><br />The film has been described in the past as a ' Barbara Streisand concert on film , set to a soap opera storyline ' however for anyone that enjoys watching a film that takes you beyond the living room into a world where the characters seem truly alive - A Star is Born is well worth the hiring price.<br /><br />With its incredible soundtrack , flawless acting and touching reality in regards to human emotions and the true frailty of life ; A Star is Born is a film that draws you into the world of Esther Hoffman & the love of her life John Norman Howard.<br /><br />A film for anyone that sees the beauty in real love - the kind that keeps you devoted to a person even as they break your heart ...
1 Barbra Streisand is a tour de force in this Hollywood story . Her performances and the songs are one - of - a - kind and are special in the halls of great movies . The scene where she is introduced to the unexpecting audience by Kristopherson , against the crowds ' wishes and hers , only to turn them around with her magnificent performance of " Woman In the Moon " is one of the best examples on film of how well a great performer can win over an audience . It 's real . The scene where she records Evergreen ranks with the best in the business .. all live , no lip - sync , very special . Streisand is often criticized for being a Diva , but she delivers on this one . She is majestic singing " With One More Look At You . She deserved the Oscar she and Paul Williams got for Evergreen . Kristopherson had his moments too , far above most of his movie appearances . This version of the " Born " franchise ranks with the first one of 1937 ( Janet Gaynor , Frederic March)although I will always enjoy Judy Garland and James Mason musical remake of 1954 . I have n't seen the DVD yet and do n't know about its quality .
1 I was 16 when I first saw the movie , and it has always been a HUGE favorite of mine . Of course , you ca n't deny the appeal of Kristofferson in the movie - HOW FINE IS THAT MAN ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? Sheesh . He still is . He 's the bad boy every woman secretly wants . His acting is flawless . He played a drunk / druggie only the way someone who really had gone through it could - and he had - in ' 76 he finally got on the wagon , so it was all very real.<br /><br />The music is GREAT and even though in later years I thought Streisand was somewhat not the right person for him in a physical beauty sense , I think it 's more a problem for male viewers than female . Us gals are just looking at Kris - and naturally the guys are looking at the female interest - my husband can not watch the movie b / c of her - he does n't like her looks . But I did make him sit through just the red Ferrari scene on the road towards the end just so he could see how well done it was - the camera work was so perfect and you were totally in the car with him with the music blasting - you should have seen it on my 50 " plasma - WOW ! ! ! ! And lastly , the transfer quality was GREAT - anamorphic widescreen and really clear with great color and very low noise except for dark areas which is normal for all film.<br /><br />Brought back some great memories of my mom and I loving this movie together , I bought a copy for her for Christmas . Would have loved to watch it together with her last night.<br /><br />I have tried to sit through the original with Judy Garland , but I guess seeing this one first , I just ca n't get into the earlier era . Watching all the concert footage in the ' 76 version was so much like what I was living at the time.<br /><br />I am working my way through the commentary by Streisand , but she seems to only talk about herself and the songs , so far she has barely even mentioned Kris or details about scenes in the movie . Her voice sounds EXACTLY the same now as then.<br /><br />Check it out , if you grew up in the same era as me ( born in 1960 ) you will love it.<br /><br />Wendy
1 For my humanities quarter project for school , i chose to do human trafficking . After some research on the internet , i found this DVD and ordered it . I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it . All I can say is " Wow " . It is such a compelling story of a 12 year old Vietnamese girl named Holly and an American man named Patric who tries to save her . The ending leaves you breathless , and although it 's not a happily - ever - after ending , it is very realistic . It is amazing and I recommend it to anyone ! You really connect with Holly and Patric and your heart breaks for her and because of what happens to her . I loved it so much and now I want to know what happens next !
1 I just watched Holly along with another movie about trafficking and child sexual exploitation called Trade at Film by the Sea international film festival . I have to say that Holly blew Trade out of the water . < br /><br />Holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different levels . From purely an artistic and cinematic perspective , it is amazing . The sound - mixing , camera angles , directing and acting are all spot on . < br /><br />Additionally , the way it handles the subject matter is tasteful and non - exploitative . It presents the issue of child sexual exploitation in a way that is both educational and accurate . The filmmakers paid an exquisite amount of attention to detail , truly capturing the nuances of the epidemic of child sexual exploitation and trafficking . Too often when dealing with a subject matter of this kind , it is tempting to shock the audience with graphic scenes of rape , and violence . Holly is able to achieve all of this without falling into that typical Hollywood trend . < br /><br />I've had the pleasure of seeing Holly at two separate film festivals , once in the US and once in Netherlands . I can honestly say that I have never seen audiences more moved . Just listening to conversations after the screening , people are asking what they personally can do to fight child sexual exploitation . < br /><br />I highly recommend it to everyone , both for its cinematic value and its subject matter .
1 Wow , this film had a huge impact on me , it moved me , . It is an amazing story about a girl in Cambodia who is sold into the sex trade . I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly . The setting of the film is realistic , The film was an eye opener , I can not imagine anyone walking away from it with out wanting to help make a change with this horrifying problem that exsists.<br /><br />The content of the film was very very moving . It was one of the best films that I have seen this year . The < br /><br />girl who plays Holly does a fantastic job with her character . Ron Livinston gives a fantastic performance . The film moved me to tears , It tells an important message that needs to be heard worldwide . Everyone should go see this film . I think this film will make a difference , I loved it !
1 Brilliant ! My wife and I joined the sprawling line to see Holly at the Edinburgh Film Festival . After seeing the film , I can understand why there was such a long line . Holly is a touching story about an impossible connection between two people . She is a young girl , he is a worn out westerner . The film grasped every bone in our body . There are n't any graphic scenes or anything that is hard to watch - its the surrealism of normality that really kicks you in the gut . The film is beautifully shot . Among others , we loved the scene where Patrick teaches Holly to ride a small motorcycle . Thuy Ngoyen 's rawness ( ca nt believe this is her first acting job)and Ron Livingston 's performance stayed with me for a couple of days . Highly recommended .
1 After seeing the movie last night I was left with a sense of the hopelessness faced by organisations trying to tackle the problem the film portrays . The scale of the prostitution seems so large that it 's hard to see how it can be defeated without major governmental changes in Cambodia.<br /><br />Anyway , on with the review.<br /><br />Although it is a sombre movie with an uncomfortable central relationship this is a very compelling film , and I 'd even go so far as to say it was enjoyable . The film was well edited for the running time and the performance by Thuy Nguyen was excellent . I also felt Ron Livingston played a very difficult role well.<br /><br />It would have been nice to have a little more insight into why Patrick feels he has to help Holly , but maybe the reason is a simple as he explains to Chris Penn 's character . I wo n't explain it here - go see the movie.<br /><br />This is a good , thought - provoking film with obviously good intentions . I hope it gets a wide enough release to reach a decent sized audience and gain more support for the K-11 Project .
1 I had the privilege of watching " Holly " at the Edinburgh Film Festival last week . What a powerful and moving story ! Holly is a 12 yr old Vietnamese girl who is sold into prostitution by her own family and living in a brothel in Cambodia . Patrick ( an American ) comes into Holly 's life and decides he wants to help her . When Holly is sold again , Patrick desperately searches for her . We follow they 're difficult journey through Cambodia and hope for their reunion.<br /><br />Holly is one of millions of children who are sold and trafficked every day . The movie portrays this difficult issue without crossing the line . I walked away wanting to know more about the issue of child trafficking and asking how can I help ? This movie should be seen by everyone because it is a beautiful story and it exposes an issue that we should no longer ignore .
1 The movie " Holly " is the story of a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border to Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous " K11 " red light village . In the movie , Holly is waiting to be sold at a premium for her virginity when she meets Patrick who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar fights . Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond over their " stubbornness " , but this is all disrupted when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears . As movie goers , we are then thrust into Patrick 's pursuit to find Holly again . Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle but her confusion on what is right and wrong . " Holly " carries us through the beautiful and harsh Cambodia while discovering that HOLLY is not just one girl . She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year with no rights or protection.<br /><br />Holly is less extreme than its subject matter might suggest , such as documentaries that involve 4-year olds and sexual trafficking , but does manage to shed considerable light on Cambodian / Vietnamese trafficking of children into prostitution . It is a moving story that helps to shed light on the horrible situation in which many children face and their struggles to trust and realize what is right and wrong.<br /><br />Patrick , the antagonist of the film is an American dealer of stolen artifacts who is also losing money and friends while playing cards and getting into bar fights . While on a journey , his motorbike runs out of fuel , and he is forced to rent a room at a brothel . During his stay he comes across Holly , a twelve year old girl who has been sold by her parents and is being abducted into slavery and prostitution . Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding . He discovers a clever , stubborn girl beneath the traumatized exterior and becomes determined to save her -- though their strictly platonic relationship is misinterpreted by almost everyone they meet . When she suddenly disappears , he starts a journey to track her down , without having thought if he can really help her.<br /><br />Holly is able to escape on her way to another brothel , when she jumps from the truck and runs into a field filled with mines . A mine is set off by a cow and the truck driver believes she is dead , so Holly is then left on her own . During Patrick 's journey to find holly he meets a social worker who tries to talk some sense into him and shares the facts with him that haunts the Cambodian region . The idea of paying for her freedom simply fuels the demand , she explains : 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it could be 60,000 . " I 'm not trying to save 60,000 , " he tells her , " I 'm trying to save one . " Patrick discovers that the idea of whisking her to safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker tells him that the US will not let him adopt and , although it takes five minutes to ' save ' a child , it takes five years to reintegrate her into society . Patrick is not affected by the information and he continues his quest to find Holly.<br /><br />The audience is then shown that Holly makes it to a small town and is foraging for food with other homeless children . She is then befriended by a local policemen who seem little better than criminals with a badge , when they sell her to another brothel and then make a deal to a Vietnamese businessman who then takes her virginity . Holly then seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally find her , she is willing to " yum yum " and " boom boom " her distant friend . Patrick is utterly confused by this change in behavior , but he is not deterred in his plan to take her away from this world . In the end , he steals her away and brings her to a safe - land in the comfort of the social worker . Holly is given fresh clothes , if feed and brought to a dance class , but she is forbidden to see Patrick . This intense yearning to be in the comfort of Patrick 's friendship , she runs away from the safe house and back onto the streets in Cambodia.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Patrick is dealing with the decision to leave the country and flee back to the United States or to stay in Cambodia . His thoughts continue to revert back to Holly and during a visit to a bar ; an older male sees the picture he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her . This enrages Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar . Eventually , Patrick is caught by the police in the eyes of Holly , who is hiding behind a pole.<br /><br />The movie " Holly " may make the audience want to donate money towards organizations that improve the life for these poor youngsters , and even campaign to reduce the amount of brothels in the region , but the film 's dramatic weaknesses may reduce its chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference . Overall , I think the concept is better as a documentary and it was not as touching as a movie . The actors did a great job of showing their raw emotion and the true confusion of the youngsters who are affected by this lifestyle , but in the end , the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of the parents who sell their children to uphold their own starvation , does nothing to help the children 's situations .
1 I have to admit that Holly was not on my watch list for the Edinburgh Film Festival . However , after the Artistic Director of the Festival specifically recommended this film to an audience of over 200 people prior to the screening of another film , I decided to go to see it . Wow ! < br /><br />This film is dealing with the very difficult issue of child prostitution and does so without any compromise . I have found myself crying a number of times during the movie and laughing at others . Speaking about an emotional roller coaster.<br /><br />The lead actor ( Thuy Nguyen ) is a Vietnamese newcomer ( who was only 14 at the time of filming ) and had to tackle this incredibly complex and difficult role . She reminded me of Keisha Castle - Hughes from Whale Rider but the role here is much more demanding as she has to play a child prostitute . Chances are that she will win numerous awards.<br /><br />The main story is about a girl who was sold to prostitution by her family and held as a sex - slave in a brothel in Cambodia . She meets an American ( played by Ron Livingston in a strong dramatic role that we are not used to see from him ) , who after spending some time with her decides to help her . By that time however , she is sold again and he is going on a search for her around Cambodia . The story turns and twists and the audience can never predict what will happen next.<br /><br />The acting was strong across the board with a very interesting international cast . Udo Kier ( very convincing as a sex tourist ) , Virgine Ledoyen ( touching as a social worker ) and Chris Penn ( one of his last movies ) . The Asian cast was also superb.<br /><br />Although the film deals with this difficult subject matter it focuses successfully on telling a compelling , powerful story . It was shot in Cambodia ( some scenes in real operating brothels ) which adds to the feeling that you are almost watching a documentary . It seems that the DP used a lot of hand held camera and close - ups and overall it made you feel like you are right there as part of the story.<br /><br />After the screening , I was listening to other members of the audience as they left and it seemed that they were all stunned . This is not an easy film to watch and I salute the filmmakers for not making a " Hollywood Film." < br /><br />It is by far the best film I have seen in the Edinburgh Film Festival . Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends .
1 Dr. Mordrid , what can I say ? Jeffrey Combs has done it again!<br /><br />Anton Mordrid has been on Earth for 100 years waiting for Kabal , an evil sorcerer , to come so he can kill him . Mordrid and Kabal used to train together as kids , so Mordrid knows all Kabal 's tricks.<br /><br />The film as a little bit confusing at begin with , but soon you feel a part of the action . I wo n't give away the ending , so go and watch Doctor Mordrid!<br /><br />I found the film to be very enjoyable because it does n't have a lot of violence in , nor sexual scenes . The film focused on the plot and that 's what I like ! I find the best films are the ones where times seems to fly by . This is because you are so engrossed in the film . Doctor Mordrid is a fantasticly engrossing movie ! I give it a 20 out of 10 . Worth seeing!<br /><br / >
1 I really enjoyed " Doctor Mordrid " . This is a low - budget film , which may be off - putting to some , but I have no problem with it . I admire it even more for that , considering it 's WAY more entertaining than the drivel that Hollywood churns out every year . Too bad this did n't get a theatrical release ; I do n't know about anyone else , but I would have went to see it in theatres . ` Doctor Mordrid ' is a very entertaining science fiction film that just about anyone can enjoy , especially if they 're into sci - fi like I am . I do n't see why this is a R - rated film ; only one f - word is said , and there are no gruesome death scenes , nor is there any blood at all . The timeless rivalry between sorcerers Anton and Kabal ( Anton wanted the use his powers to save the human race , while Kabal wanted to enslave them ) , gave the story a sense of enchantment , while the mythical plotline added charm to the story itself . Basically , this a film that 's just plain fun to watch . There is one unintentionally funny thing in this movie , though : seeing Jeffrey Combs keeping a straight face while wearing that silly blue cape and suit . That makes me laugh every time I see it . But I digress ... Anyway , the acting is great ; the main protagonists ( Anton , and his lady friend , Samantha ) , are very likable ; Anton is sympathetic , and hospitable , and Samantha is friendly . Plus , the settings were wonderful . The floating island in the other dimension was very cool setting ; we 're only given a glimpse of it twice , though ; it would have been great to see more scenes take place here . The main setting was also very neat ; Anton 's apartment is very roomy , and he has some cool devices , especially the monitoring system he uses to keep track of the world 's occurrences . He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar . Overall , this a great film ; it was fun to watch , and the main actors put a lot of feeling into their roles . If you can find anywhere that rents ` Doctor Mordrid ' , you should rent it ( or , in my case , buy it . It was definitely money well - spent)!<br /><br />My Rating : 8 stars out of ten.<br /><br / >
1 Doctor Mordrid is one of those rare films that is completely under the radar , but is totally worthwhile . It really reminds me of the old serials from the 30s and 40s . Which is why I 'd have loved to see follow - up movies ... but judging by the rest of Full Moon 's output there simply were n't enough tits to satisfy the typical audience . Unfortunately , thanks to a completely superfluous sacrifice scene there two too many for a family audience - which is unfortunate , because without em ' this could have been a Harry Potter - style magicfest that kids would have eaten up . Both Jeffrey Combs and Yvette Nipar are great - I was n't sure if Ms. Nipar had n't wandered off an A - list picture onto this film , she was very believable . No , seriously ! Anyway - it 's a shame they did n't have the bucks to license Dr. Strange , because I think this could have been a total kiddie phenom .
1 I loved this movie for two reasons : 1 ) Jeff Combs is absolutely wonderful in it . Plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt . ( And is absolutely adorable . ) 2 ) The movie helped to inspire a role - playing game I thoroughly enjoy , Mage : The Awakening . I 've shown it at various LARP after - parties , and it 's always a big hit.<br /><br />D&D love and Jeff - squeeing aside , it 's not exactly a masterpiece , but it 's well - done and thoroughly enjoyable . The plot is fast - moving and engaging in its simplicity , the special effects are pretty good for such a low budget , and the script , while nothing stellar , was not too badly done , and cheesy in all the right places . A good way to spend an evening .
1 New York City houses one man above all others , the possibly immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid . Mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity , using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival , Kabal , chained up so that he may not enslave the human race . Well , would n't you know it ? A prophesy comes true and Kabal breaks free , and begins collecting elements ( including platinum and uranium ) for his alchemy experiments . With the help of a police woman named Sam , can Mordrid defeat his evil brother ? " Dr. Mordrid " comes to me courtesy of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive Collection . I had not heard of it , which is a bit odd given that I 'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs ( Mordrid ) and the film is n't that old . But now it 's mine and I can enjoy it again and again . The film certainly is fun in the classic Full Moon style . Richard Band provides the music ( which does n't differ much from all his other scores ) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal . We even have animated dinosaur bones ! What more do you want ? Of course , the cheese factor is high . I felt much of the film was a rip - off of the Dr. Strange comics . And the blue pantsuit was silly . And plot holes are everywhere ( I could list at least five , but why bother ) . And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look suspiciously like a hammer and sickle ? Combs has never been a strong actor , so he fits right in with the cheese . These are n't complaints . Full Moon fans have come to expect these things and devour them like crack - laced Grape Nuts . I 'm guilty ... I loved this film.<br /><br />If you 're not a Full Moon fan , or a Jeffrey Combs fan ... you may want to look elsewhere . But if you like the early 1990s style of movie - making and haircuts , you 'll eat this up . Stallone and Schwarzenegger fans might like seeing Brian Thompson as a villain , looking as goony as ever and not being able to enunciate English beyond a third grade level . I did . I wish there was a " Mordrid II " , but the company that makes a sequel to practically everything ( is " Gingerdead Man 3 " really necessary ? ) passed on this one .
1 Two sorcerers battle in the fourth dimension , one(Brian Thompson as a Kabal)trying to destroy the Earth , the other(Jeffrey Combs as a Anton Mordrid)trying to save it."Doctor Mordrid " is an enjoyable fantasy fare which offers plenty of cheese . The plot is pretty silly and the gore is completely absent , but the film is very short and entertaining . So if you have enough time to kill give this one a look . My rating:7 out of 10 .
1 This film surprised me a little . I watch a lot of horror / sci - fi films and this is a straight - to - video release that caught me off guard a little . I believe this is Full Moon 's best movie thus far and one of Jeffrey Combs best performances . Good movie .
1 Possibly the best movie ever created in the history of Jeffrey Combs career , and one that should be looked upon by all talent in Hollywood for his versatility , charisma , and uniqueness he brings through his characters and his knowledge of acting .
1 As a rule , a Full Moon production logo is a warning sign to avoid a film . But because I 've enjoyed Jeffrey Combs in other films , I gave it a shot.<br /><br />It 's not bad . Not great , but that 's something else . The film involves a struggle with a mystic ( evil ) " brother " who wants to dominate the worlds , and the title character . Dr. Mordrid also has to deal with people , and authorities in the mundane world , which he does successfully.<br /><br />Possible spoilers follow.<br /><br />Dr . Mordrid can travel between " dimensions , " and does so to find a companion guarding a fortress ; however , the guard has been blinded . His eyes are ruined pits . So the wizard passes his hands across the other 's eyes , and hey , presto ! His eyes have been restored ! This sort of healing apparently only works with eyes.<br /><br />Later , Mordred and his " brother " animate a couple of animal skeletons in a museum to fight . Guess which one wins.<br /><br />However , side from that , the picture is n't at all bad , though much like a comic book . Dr. Mordred 's more " human " adventures are okay , and Combs plays the role convincingly.<br /><br />I've seen lots worse .
1 As B movies go , it was well above average ( I warn the reader now that I may reveal certain key elements of the plot or other parts of the movie , although I am trying to minimise any such tendency ) . As sequels usually go , it was utterly fantastic(despite a " cookie cutter " approach to trying to copy certain elements from the original movie verbatum . Despite this sometimes tedious tendency , it seemed to work in this particular film , so long as the viewer could divorce his attention from comparisons to the original " Scanners").<br /><br />The movie was similar in ways to the " Superman " series , in terms of the main character 's description of his early childhood and relationship with his parents ( who seemed modelled along the same lines as the Kents in the " Superman " stories ) and the theme of a morally pure hero possessed of extraordinary powers from an early age , etc . The depiction of profound feelings of alienation of prodigious or otherwise non - conforming children , adolescents and/or adults was a theme which reminded me of films such as " Real Genius " , and ( to a more superficial degree ) " Doctor Mordrid " and struck a particularly strong chord.<br /><br />The film had a positive message , and was fun to watch . I found some of the insights and accuracy ( in terms of depiction of certain aspects of paranormal experiences ) fascinating , and even profoundly touching at times . These moments occasionally appeared from among all of the great formula - driven schlock and gratuitous sex(uality , in this case , as the sexual elements were tastefully done ) and violence that makes B movies ( or Shakespearian plays , for that matter ! ) so much fun to watch!<br /><br />This is a must watch for all comic book , Sci - fi , " remote viewing " enthusiasts , and horror fans ! With the right exposure in the right circles , the film could develop quite a cult following , along with the original " Scanners " .
1 Scanners II : The New Order is just as good as David Cronenberg 's classic Scanners , Scanners was made in 1980 and Scanners II in 1991 so their 's an eleven year gap between the two movies . The film captures the style of Scanners which is a good thing , it would n't be Scanners without a head explosion so Scanners II has a head explosion scene that 's just has gruesome as the first . Scanners II : The New Order has some other imaginative gory scenes that are done well . The plot to Scanners II : The New Order is a new take on the series since it has the Scanners being used as a vigilante force for a police chief and a group of scientists until a young Scanner named David Kellum discovers he 's being used and decides to get revenge.<br /><br />Scanners II : The New Order is a great sequel to David Cronenberg 's sci - fi classic Scanners and should be seen . Check this out . 10/10
1 This movie is nothing short of a dark , gritty masterpiece . I may be bias , as the Apartheid era is an area I 've always felt for . But I 'd say it ranks right up with Cry Freedom and Cry the Beloved Country . Sadly up until a few days ago I 'd never even heard of this movie . Inside is one of the most underrated films of all time , probably because it was a small film company , I 'd never even heard of it before . Eric Stoltz , one of my favorite actors anyway , is believable and dramatic , Nigel Hawthorne plays his dastardly role well . Do not look for humor in this film , there is none . It is real , savage and gritty to the last , and to the sensitive I 'd say bring a box of tissues . But movies as great as this make you wonder , why is it that the greatest films are often never heard of ?
1 Have just finished watching this film , which upset me greatly . Have also been to South Africa twice , around the time this film is set.<br /><br />It is certainly hard - hitting , and the opening scenes tend to ' set the scene ' . The slow but steady increase of pace hardly allows a break , and there are certainly few light moments.<br /><br />Will never be able to view Nigel Hawthorne the same again . He came across as a very twisted individual , and I found myself disliking him more each time he appeared.<br /><br />Totally agree with Steve - thomp 's articulate and well thought - out comments .
1 < br /><br />I have seen this movie many times . At least a Dozen . But unfortunatly not recently . However , Etched in my memory never to leave me is a scene in which Mickey Rooney , -"Killer Mears " knows that he is to be executed and it 's getting close to the moment of truth , He dances , and cries , and laughs , he vacillates from hesteria to euphoria and runs the gambit of ever emotion . Never have I seen such a brilliant performance by any actor living or dead , past or present . It was then I know for sure that Mickey Rooney , yes , " Andy Hardy " was and is a actor of great genius . However I kept it , my opinion to myself for years thinking , surely I must be alone in this viewpoint . About 15 years or so after I saw this film for the last time on television , I chanced to read the old Q & A section of the Los Angeles Times . The question was posed to Lawrence Olivier , and the question was : " Mr. Olivier You are considered one of the greatest actors of all time , whom then do YOU consider to be among the greatest actors ? " His answer was , " Peter Finch and Mickey Rooney " I was stunned , but not surprised . I immediatly flashed back to his " Killer Mears " And I felt very good for having seen this great ability in him , and now having my view supported by another who s work I admired .. Later of course there was " Bill " and many other great moments with Mikey Rooney . This film , " The Last Mile " should be seen by all acting students . I Frankly can not remember a great deal about the film after all these years but Mr. Rooney in it , will never leave me . If anyone out there remembers this film the same as I do ? I would be interested in hearing from you . For this picture etched in my heart alone I gave it a 10 just on the face of his performance .
1 This is a very grim , hard hitting , even brutal film about a death row break that goes awry . It 's black and white photography keeps it from being dated . Mickey Rooney is excellent as the twisted , yet strangely sympathetic lead . One of the first movies to portray the psychological desolation of death row . It is also quite poignant .
1 Saw this movie when it came out in 1959 , left a lasting impression . Great group of actors . A little short timewise but a great movie all the same . Have only seen once since then and that was some time ago . Hopefully they 'll put it out on DVD if they have n't already .
1 Having not seen this film in about 20 years I am still impressed with it 's hard -hitting impact and stellar acting . Of course , one Mr. Mickey Rooney is indeed , INCREDIBLE in his role as the ring - leading " Killer".(In reference to another review here - none other than Orson Welles evoked Mickey Rooney 's name as the greatest movie actor , also . ) I also recall the jazzy - brassy score and the bare black and white photography . I love the Mick 's last line before he goes out for his dose of lead poisoning.(I think the Stranglers lifted it for a line in one of their songs - Get a Grip on Yourself.)This is a great film and unjustly buried film . Let 's get it out ! Side note - a recent Film Review magazine gave a big write up on Don Segal 's " Babyface Nelson " , made a couple years before " Last Mile " and also starring Mickey Rooney . Another rave of the Mick 's intense and sympathetic performance . Perhaps it 's the start of a groundswell of a appreciation for some truly superior cinematic performances .
1 While the original 1932 version , with Preston Foster , was good , there 's no remake more worthy than this 1959 one , or more impossible to find anywhere , just as I strongly suspect Mickey Rooney to have had something to do with that . Never could a mere performance have ever been so masterfully brilliant , or a script more thought - provoking , as well as an improvement upon the original . Many years after the last of my several viewings of this film , in 1970 , I read an article in which Mickey Rooney was recounting a visit he 'd made to death row , and which had apparently very drastically eliminated whatever sense of personal identification he 'd felt with people in similar circumstances . The article was about as short as the main character here , and did n't cover much , other than the extent to which his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the inmates themselves had been emphasized , even in language I would not care to explicitly quote here . . . . . One of my main problems with capital punishment is that , of course , it is not evenly , impartially applied , just as many innocent people are far - too - carelessly , thus unnecessarily sent to meet this particular fate . Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied swiftly enough , or , for that matter , even publicly enough ! The bible makes a special point , in such cases , about one of the more important purposes of such , as a deterrent , being ineffectually obscured , minus , not only a public viewing , but also the direct participation of all ! As for those who claim to prove , statistically , that such is not an effective deterrent ? In addition to having a problem about the reliability of their data , I have little if any objectively disprovable doubt many are behind bars now due to the extent that such a deterrent is lacking . However , I do have a problem about the fact that Robert Duvall , in The Apostle , had been punished at all , for his particular " crime , " or that the only hope of leniency for one such as he would have to be based on a " temporary insanity " defense , as though that would serve as the only acceptable excuse in his kind of case . . . . In addition to various other questions concerning the motives of Mickey Rooney for that particular visit he 'd recounted , and about the answers to which I can only try to speculate , I suspect the main one had been of a decidedly religious nature . I do n't know exactly when he 'd become the professing Christian he now makes it a special point , whenever possible , to emphasize that he is ; but , as anybody should be well - aware , this particular category of people tends to be the most vehemently out for blood , when it comes to extracting an eye for an eye . However , I have no particular bone of contention concerning that , per se , just as there 's no doubt , scripturally speaking , that not all , and perhaps not even most , shall be spared the same ultimate fate , at the hands of the Lord Himself , as a result of His sacrifice on the cross . However , there is a problem , for me , about the spirit or attitude with which most professing Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for capital punishment ; for , contrary to the Lord Himself , who would love to see everybody saved ( Ezekiel 18:32 ) ( II Peter 3:9 ) , they seem to go vindictively out of their way to find reasons to condemn ! . . . What most people , on either side of this superlatively ever - burning issue , can not appear to sufficiently appreciate , is that the Lord is as dynamically and elusively soft in nature as He is hard . The two sides of His nature appear to be so inherently incompatible as to render Him mentally deranged , at least by any strictly human reckoning . Yet , regardless of how harrowingly ungraspable this miraculously dynamic blending of the water and oil in His nature surely is , there can be no doubt that anything short of it , or anything fanatically and characteristically on either one side or the other of this equation , falls inadequately and unacceptably short of the entire judicial truth . Indeed , I 've seen the most blood - curdling thirst for the same come out , self - contradictorily enough , on far - too - many occasions , whenever the categorically anti - death penalty advocates are confronted , even in the most rationally well - balanced ways , with the fact that , although the Lord died for everybody , not all are thereby going to be saved . After - all , in order to receive absolution , one must , to repeat the same term , reach out and receive it , that is , repent ( Luke 13:3 - 5 ) . Could anything make more sense ? . . . But , then , what about the Lord 's command to forgive , even in the case of one 's enemies , of those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation ? One of the far - too - prevailing difficulties with this kind of sentimentality , as popularly misinterpreted , is the way it obscuringly over - simplifies the real meaning of forgiveness . The act of forgiveness does not , in itself , mean the same thing as unconditionally excusing the one being forgiven . When one takes a clearly sober , rationally well - balanced view here , from the perspective of God 's own attitude , all it actually amounts to is a fervent wish that the one forgiven will ultimately succeed at finding his way , seeing the light , and being granted mercy . This attitude is , of course , the very opposite of , say , that of Jonah , who actually resented it when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would result in their repentance . Jonah did n't want them to repent , but vindictively desired that they be destroyed . How self - righteously , cold - bloodedly like unto most professing Christians he was , save that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most ! I envy Jonah almost as much as he would me ! However , minus the repentance of the one being forgiven , any forgiveness he may receive from a genuine Christian is not going to do him any good . In such a case , the only one to benefit is the real Christian himself !
1 Shot in the Heart is wonderful . It brilliantly illustrates the plight of Gary Gimore , a convicted murder who requested death . Shot in the Heart shows the ordeal that Gilmore 's family , torn up by hatred , went through . This movie is an incredible psychological study , and is wonderfully depressing and uplifting . 10/10
1 The acting- fantastic . The story- amazing . The script- wonderful.<br /><br />Just a few ways to describe this movie . Yes , it 's slow and it has mostly talking , but the whole story of all of their lives and how it 's told with the flashbacks thrown in and out makes you want to listen to every little thing to learn more about this haunting and tragic story . I , myself , am reading the book that the movie is based off of and it has shown me even more light into this story and answers some questions that were left unanswered in the movie . I 'm also to read the Exectioner 's Song , which is the ' other ' half of the Gilmore story . This movie made me think so much about the phrase " piering into the other side of the looking glass " . You hear a song in the movie called Gary Gilmore 's Eyes , which is by a punk band that wrote a song about what it 'd be like to have Gary Gilmore 's eyes(which is one of the things Gary gave as a transplant when he died ) and as you listen to it , which is after the last time Mikal ever sees Gary , you look at the whole situation a little differently if you were to only here the song itself . This movie opened my eyes in that way and in many others . I recommend this movie(and the book ) very very much .
1 An interesting TV movie based on true fact , betrayed by the description of one of the leading characters , that of a prisoner . Giovanni Ribisi plays his younger brother , who has the delicate mission of deciding if he will appeal to the courts for his brother 's death penalty . But when he goes to visit him and enters Elias Koteas , the problem starts . It has nothing to do with Koteas ' acting ability . He just looks like the version of a prisoner of proletarian roots according to " G.Q. " magazine , with a language too sophisticated for someone who has spent most of his life behind bars . This realization came to me after meeting again an old friend , whom I had not seen for almost 15 years , which he spent in several Panamanian jails . The young man I used to know is gone , not only because he is older , but due to his exposure for a prolonged time to the penal system . There are jails and there are jails , one must say , but this one prisoner in " Shot In the Heart " is definitely out of this world .
1 Wow , I loved this film . It may not have had the funding and advertising that the latest hollywood blockbusters get but it packs twice the emotional punch . The tale revolves around this one family from Utah and it 's the connections between the people in the family that provide the film with its punch . The main lead ( Giovanni Ribisi ) plays his part very well , at no time does he leave you to believe that he 's acting all his feelings . It 's his brother ( Elias Koteas ) who stole the show for me though . When the two were in scenes together they bounded their lines off of each other , giving fantastic performances . Great cast , great film .
1 Entertaining Jim Belushi vehicle , a modern cockeyed version of It 's A Wonderful Life . Michael Caine plays a sort - of angel who lets Belush see what life would have been like if he had " made it big " . Jim is at his best with a good story and supporting cast ; seems like real chemistry between him and Hamilton . Not an Oscar contender but good warm - hearted fun .
1 I admit I have a weakness for alternate history stories , from ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE to GROUNDHOG DAY to 12:01 . Among those greats is this little gem . It 's pretty difficult to get through MR . DESTINY without giving a nod of appreciation to each and every cast member , from the goodhearted James Belushi to the murderous Courtney Cox . This movie lacks the gravitas and scale to make it a great film , but it 's a fine cheer - up on a rainy afternoon . It 's also a great rental for an inexpensive date .
1 Ok , so it borrows a little from " It 's a Wonderful Life " , but that was 44 years prior to this film , so why not a new attempt . Belushi is having a rotten 35th birthday . He did n't get his Wheaties , his coffee , and has lost his job . The capper is when his self described " big blue piece of sh * * " car breaks down at the end of the day . He heads into an empty bar to call for a tow . While waiting , he 's recognized by the bartender ( Caine ) as the kid who lost the town 's championship baseball game 20 years earlier . This gets him to thinking how life would 've been if he had won the game . He finds out when , unbeknownst to him , Caine serves up a motion potion in a glass that gives him a mansion , the prom queen ( Russo ) as his wife , and makes him president of the sporting goods company he 's been canned from . Caine later reveals himself as the one who 's responsible for this change , but Belushi is not entirely on board . He never fully adjusts , and in a plot development that does n't kill the movie but is still odd , he tries to court his wife ( Hamilton ) from his real life , who is now married to someone else . The good move is that they do n't spend too much time on it , as basically they rip of " Ghost " , with Belushi constantly telling Hamilton things only she could know . It also brings in a hokey dramatic element , as two of his lovers kevetch in the shadows , new wife Russo , and his unbalanced lover Cox . But the keys to the film are the somewhat lengthy beginning , and cheery end . Also good work from the big and recognizable cast , as Belushi is very likable , VERY attractive ladies chosen , and Caine is perfectly easy going as the title guy . Strange that this was Belushi 's second film of 1990 dealing with him getting an alternative lifestyle of riches , which was found in " Taking Care of Business " . Though similar , both films are on the same level of laughs provided . So check this out for a fun exploration of " what if ? "
1 This movie is one of my favorites because it makes me think of all the choices I have made and how my life would change if my choices had been different . It plays right into the " Multiple Universe " theory.<br /><br />The only thing that does n't ring true is how Larry Burrows ( James Belushi)has such a hard time understanding what is going on , that everything has changed.<br /><br / >
1 Belushi at his most ingratiating and Courtney Cox before Friends has a small role . I often think Belushi is under - used in Hollywood and this film role is one of his best . For those of you who watch his TV show , this is a very different and likable character . The movie itself is not earth shattering , nor is the message new but rather it is sweet and endearing . The supporting cast of familiar faces and unfamiliar names is a perfect balance although Lovitz 's whining can get tiresome , and Michael Caine 's charming spiritual guide has a slightly sinister if not well - meaning edge . Hamilton , as Belushi 's wife is unfortunately two - dimensional and one wonders why he married her . In addition , Renee Russo is wasted and not terribly convincing at the " prom queen " who got away . Nevertheless , a nice way to spend two hours .
1 Jim Belushi is terrific as the " Average Joe " who gets his 15 minutes in " The Twilight Zone " . Michael Cane is the mysterious bar tender who not only listens to Belushi 's " story " , but has a " cure " for all of Belushi 's middle class problems : A magic potion to bring about an avalanche of changes in Belushi 's life.<br /><br />Flashbacks show a 15 year old horribly ashamed of causing his High School Baseball Team 's Championship defeat . Belushi goes on with his " pitiful life " , seemingly happy , but always wondering " what if ... " For what seems to be several days , Belushi experiences a " different " life , one of enormous success , admired and hated by others in equal measure.<br /><br />This is not quite " It 's A Wonderful Life " , but some elements are similar , and very endearing . The " ending " is predictable , but still satisfying . Watch for a very young Cortney Cox in a bit part as " fatal attraction " -like other woman . A very pleasant film !
1 Spoiler ! ! ! This movie is based on the concept of What If ? Of course Mr Destiny will be able to answer this question . The main character goes through a bad day , like many of us , and asks this question . Chaos Theory states a butterfly in China could have an effect on someone over here from a chain reaction . The focus of this movie is based on one event during a baseball game . This event sets into motion one 's Destiny ; Just like Ashton in " The Butterfly effect " except Mr. Destiny uses comedy over drama . The results make a fresh , somewhat original movie . If one 's philosophical are in tune with " The Butterfly Effect " one will likely enjoy Mr. Destiny . I give it a 7 out of 10 . Amazing for I have seen the first half of this movie 3 times , and finally watched the ending on TBS .
1 Not really a big box office draw , but I was pleasently surprised < br /><br />with this movie . James " I did some things to Farrah Fawcett " Orr < br /><br />co - wrote and directed this movie about an ordinary , average guy < br /><br />named Larry Burrows who thinks his life would have been < br /><br />incredibly different if he hit a homerun at a key baseball game < br /><br />when he was 15 . But thanks to mysterious and magical bartender < br /><br />Mike , Larry gets his wish , yet soon realizes that his new life < br /><br />isn't exactly as he hoped it would be.<br /><br />I must say , this movie really impressed me . Critics have given < br /><br />it mixed , and I must say the concept is really interesting and < br /><br />pulled off well . Yes , it is a little standard , but packs enough < br /><br />funny moments , drama and excellent acting to make it really < br /><br />good . James Belushi ( I think ) was Oscar worthy for his role . Jon < br /><br />Lovitz is perfect , and Linda Hamilton plus Renee Russo shine in < br /><br />their roles . Michael Caine is perfect as the bartender . It's < br /><br />just a good movie with a good lesson . If you 've never seen , I < br /><br />highly recommend you check
1 Everyone plays their part pretty well in this " little nice movie " . Belushi gets the chance to live part of his life differently , but ends up realizing that what he had was going to be just as good or maybe even better . The movie shows us that we ought to take advantage of the opportunities we have , not the ones we do not or can not have . If U can get this movie on video for around $ 10 , it´d be an investment !
1 Mr. Destiny - 3.5/5 Stars < br /><br />"Mr . Destiny 's " theme is recycled from many films spanning many different years . Its theme ranges from recent spoofs on such plots ( see " Scrooged " ) , to the same , more serious and dramatic notion that worked in " It 's a Wonderful Life , " and a century earlier in the story of Scrooge as told by Charles Dickens in " A Christmas Carol . " " It involves an ungrateful man being taken on a guided tour of his life , and witnessing how his life could have been ( or would have been ) first - hand . < br /><br />In most of these types of movies the guardian angel rescues a man from ungratefulness and shows him his life in retrospect , or how it could have been . Should have been . Would have been . In this case we are shown a businessman named Larry ( James Belushi ) . He hates his life . He lives with an unexciting wife ( Linda Hamilton ) and yearns for a bigger life with bigger meaning . If only he had hit the ball at the state championship in high school years ago . He is convinced his life would have been better . I guess he remembers this seemingly small moment of his life because it made a big impact on his subconscious side , but I doubt a grown man would yearn for one single act from high school . Still , it works in the movie.<br /><br />Anyway , Larry is driving home from work one night , where he is a penpusher along with Jon Lovitz , when his car breaks down . He wanders into a bar looking for a pay phone , and reluctantly decides to tell the bartender ( Michael Caine ) about the way his life is turning out . This is where we first see him remembering his childhood baseball strike - out.<br /><br />The bartender listens and nods , apparently not worrying about any other customers . This is probably due to the fact that the bar , though old and tattered , seems to have never been occupied by any living humans save these two men . In fact , Larry even makes a comment about never seeing the bar before . This is most likely for a certain reason that the audience is expecting before Larry . < br /><br />So the bartender , who may as well be an angel of God incarnate , just like Clarence , fixes Larry a special drink of his , which ends up putting Larry 's life on reverse , showing him what his life would have been like if he had hit the home run all those years before . But Larry has no idea of any change at first , just like Jimmy Stewart did n't realize that Clarence had erased his life until he went into the bar and got kicked out Larry continues to be oblivious to any change until he goes to his home to find the lawn different outside , and a large , wrestler - type man occupying his home.<br /><br />Larry soon finds out his life would indeed have been very different had he hit the home run . Instead of marrying Linda Hamilton he married Rene Russo and moved into a large mansion with children . He finds out that Jon Lovitz is no longer his friend but an employee of his . And the most surprising fact of all is that with his new life , that Larry has always wanted ... he finds himself lusting after his old wife , Linda Hamilton ; proof that sometimes money and a great - looking yet shallow wife do n't make up everything in a man 's life , like an intelligent wife and love and true happiness . Just like " It 's a Wonderful Life " showed the audience a man 's life is what he makes it , and that every person has an impact on people , " Mr. Destiny " shows us that material wealth is not the same as spiritual wealth , a lesson taught us over and over again , but never quite so fluffy , forgettable and truly sweet as it is shown us in " Mr. Destiny." < br /><br />"Mr . Destiny " is never exceedingly hilarious , but it is a sweet , good - natured comedy that never takes itself too seriously . The problem with all the " It 's a Wonderful Life " retreads out there , like " The Family Man , " is that they try to be as influential and memorable as " It 's a Wonderful Life " was . But there are only so many times you can single - handedly rip off a famous film , and " Mr. Destiny " knows this , and plays right to the fact . It does n't try to be anything it is n't ; rather , it is something it did n't try to be , and this is obvious to the audience . < br /><br / >
1 It 's not a big film . The acting is not amazing ( some sub charterers are even played badly ) , The film is not beautiful in any sense . Nothing really inventive or new . If you like big films , this one is not for you . yet it has a big - REALLY BIG plus on the story . Larry 's story works , because we know this story from our own lives . The girl we did n't ask to a date , the test we 've failed , the friend we let down , are all in our history . This movie works , because it touch it , It 's a great story because it 's a small one . It 's the life we all have , with regrets we all have , and yet the message hits : every life we could have lived would have had their downside . The first time I watched it , I was 15 . It was shown in a party at my school . 16 years later , I keep reflecting on it every once in a while , and every time I see it , it puts a smile on my face . Watch it . It will do you good . You 'll be happier with what you have .
1 Larry Burrows has the distinct feeling he 's missing out on something . Ever since he missed a crucial baseball shot at school that cost the championship , he 's been convinced his life would have turned out better had he made that shot . Then one night his car breaks down again . Walking into the nearest bar to wait for the tow truck , Larry happens upon barman Mike , who unbeknown to Larry is about to change his life for ever ....... <br /><br />The alternate life premise in cinema is hardly a new thing , stretching back to the likes of It 's A Wonderful Life and showing no signs of abating with the quite recent Sandler vehicle that was Click . It 's a genre that has produced very mixed results . Back in 1990 was this James Belushi led production , rarely mentioned when the said topic arises , it appears that it has largely been forgotten . Which is a shame since it oozes charm and is not short in the humour department . We know that we are being led to its ultimate message come the end , but it 's a fun and enjoyable path to be led down . The film also serves notice to what a fine comedy actor James Belushi was . I mean if his style of smart quipping and larking exasperation is n't your thing , ? then chances are you would avoid this film anyway . But for those engaged by the likes of Red Heat , K-9 and Taking Care of Business , well Mr. Destiny is right up your street . Along for the ride are Linda Hamilton , Michael Caine , Jon Lovitz , Hart Bochner , Jay O. Sanders , Rene Russo and Courteney Cox.<br /><br />Mr . Destiny , pure escapist fun with a kicker of a message at its heart . 7/10
1 I actually like this movie even though I do n't fancy James Belushi very much . In this movie , you can actually see several big names on the rise , Linda Hamilton and Courteney Cox namely ; Caine 's was already big of course . The plot in this movie is simple ; its just like that Sliding Door movie . It however was told in a light - hearted manner and I like the comedy moments in it . It made me trying to relive my own important moments in live , eg what if I 've taken that girl out for a movie , and not the other etc . It tells us that people around us could have taken different roles in our lives if some minute details were to change . It also reminds us to be careful what we wish for . Life is not always as good on the other side as we think ; maybe , what we have now is the best for us , all things considered .
1 It has been some years since I saw this , but remember it and would like to see it again . It kind of became a " therapy " for me with a personal experience of my own.<br /><br />A thirty - five year old man laments over a high - school baseball game in which he " missed the ball " and his team lost . He thinks about it 20 years later , " if only I 'd hit that ball " and how his life would be better because of it . Then , he gets a chance to find out .... and gets a little more than he bargained for.<br /><br />It reminds me so much of when I was in high school , I twice tried out for our drill / dance team and did n't make it . This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school . If you were on it , you were " all that . " I did n't try out till my last two years of HS and after the second time , I took it really hard . I 'd hit and bruised my leg badly just before tryouts and wore tights to cover the bruise , and that caused me to not make it . That was in 1987.<br /><br />Through the years , even now sometimes , I think " If only I had n't hit my leg I would 've never worn those stupid tights . " Now I do n't sit and think my life would be any better or even any different had I made it , but seeing this movie made me realize that we never really know how different things may be by changing one little thing way back in the past . Who knows , it could have changed the course of events to the point that I would n't have met my son 's father.<br /><br />I would recommend this movie to anyone who has that one moment in the past they wish they could change . Be careful what you wish for ! ! !
1 I have seen this movie plenty of times and I got ta tell ya , I 've enjoyed it every single time . This is Belushi 's pinnacle movie in my opinion . Belushi and Lovitz are so likable and identifiable with the common man that you ca n't help but get involved once you start watching . The movie has a wonderful cast of stars , some already were big , and others were just getting started . It 's billed as a feel good movie , and that 's exactly what it is . This movie teaches you that life is n't always so bad after all . Sometimes you 've just got ta look at stuff in a different perspective to fully appreciate what you already have . When you 're done watching , you 'll appreciate the things you have a lot more and you 'll also be smiling . You ca n't ask for much more from a movie in my opinion , not to mention it 's a hilarious movie and you 'll never lose interest . Very Very underrated movie here folks.<br /><br />Rating from me : 10 I am out ! ! !
1 < br /><br />Ok the film was n't going to win any awards and it is pure bubblegum , and it is a modern update on " It 's a wonderful life " . But it 's just come out as a cheap release on DVD and there are a lot worse ways of blowing $ 13 . You get a film that has a surprisingly strong cast but for most they were still a year or two from becoming B list celebs . However it 's an enjoyable way of passing an hour and half just do n't think too much in it .
1 Reading the various external reviews of Roger Ebert and other well - known film critics makes me hesitate to admit how much I love this movie , even though I only have a dubbed - into - Japanese video version of it.<br /><br />Apparently , many critics seem to take it as a minus that the story premise has been used before , most famously in the very great " It 's a Wonderful Life . " To me , a great premise is a great premise no matter how many times it 's used , and I 'd be happy to see more movies using this particular premise -- the discontented man who gets a chance to gain a fresh perspective on his own life through a bit of " divine magic." < br /><br />I suppose folks and critics of a more intellectual bent are not as pulled into the story , but I do n't go to movies to critique them with notebook in hand -- I go to movies to throw myself into them and let them take me where they will . < br /><br />If you are sentimental sort like myself , you 'll be well rewarded by seeing this picture . The performances are excellent throughout , and the movie was very well cast . Wonderful choice of music , too . Michael Caine is superb as the sympathetic bartender . Jim Belushi does a great job as an " average Joe " kind of guy who wonders if his life has n't gone as it should . Linda Hamilton , always excellent , is again right on target here as the loving wife . Jon Lovitz entertains as usual , and even has some surprisingly moving moments in " Mr. Destiny." < br /><br />No , " Mr. Destiny " is not " It 's a Wonderful Life , " but who says it has to be ? Taken on its own terms , " Mr. Destiny " is an enjoyable , well - made , funny , and moving film . I 've seen my Japanese - dubbed video of it numerous times , and I 'm sure I 'll see it several more times . If that somehow makes me a " lowbrow , " so be it ! I 'm just glad that I had n't read any reviews of " Mr. Destiny " before seeing it.<br /><br />I suppose I should have the courage of my convictions and give the movie nine or ten stars , but I could n't help but doubt myself after reading all the critical reviews !
1 getting to work on this film when it was made back in the summer of 1990 . Shot partly in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville , NC and the remaining parts in Winston - Salem . The massive offices of the RJ Reynolds were used in several office scenes and places in around the beautiful city that is know as the tulip capital of the world Winston - Salem ! I enjoyed my work although it was exceedingly hard work building all the sets like the Golf of Mexico where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went on their date . I also had a big hand in decorating the bar where Larry encounters the magical bartender Mr. Destiny . I tacked all those pics on the wall of sports heroes and decorated that phone booth where larry makes a phone call for a cab . I even put my mothers photo at eye level so i could freeze frame it and show it to her when we watched it . I remember dyeing the grass at his old house with green dye because it first had to be sodded(it was a new house in a new development and I guess they leased it for the movie) .. then I had to cut that newly laid sod to make it look nice .. man that was hard ! As far as the movie , when we made it we had no idea what it would be like but after seeing it i fell in love with it because really tells the story of " what if " as good as I ever had seen it , including the great It 's a Wonderful Life . I cried so many times < br /><br />i ca n't count . I got to meet the wonderful actor Michael Caine while shooting scenes at an old minor league ballpark where Larry 's boyhood scenes were played and replayed . I remember after he had done a take an was heading back to his trailer , I ran him down and asked him for a picture and he was quite amiable and said " why not ! " He is a good guy and a really natural and forceful actor . I ca n't say the same for Jim Belushi .. he was so full of himself , smoking big cuban cigars and talking loudly so < br /><br />everyone in earshot could hear his every word . His career never did take off but he has had a decent TV career recently . I would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance . It 's wonderful and really heartfelt and real . You can feel Larry 's pain after he enters into the new world Mr. Destiny gives him after hitting the homer , and as he wants so badly for people to believe he is not this bad guy everyone thinks he is . They all think he belongs in a nuthouse ! But eventually he wins people over but by then he wants his real life back so badly , especially his wonderful wife , played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton .. and he wants his dog back ! So see it .
1 Kurt Russell 's chameleon - like performance , coupled with John Carpenter 's flawless filmmaking , makes this one , without a doubt , one of the finest boob - tube bios ever aired . It holds up , too : the emotional foundation is strong enough that it 'll never age ; Carpenter has preserved for posterity the power and ultimate poignancy of the life of the one and only King of Rock and Roll . ( I 'd been a borderline Elvis fan most of my life , but it was n't until I saw this mind - blowingly moving movie that I looked BEYOND the image at the man himself . It was quite a revelation . ) ELVIS remains one of the top ten made - for - tv movies of all time .
1 Kurt Russell , whose career started when he kicked the REAL Elvis in It Happened At the World 's Fair , will probably never top his performance as the King in this biopic helmed by slash and shock meister Carpenter . There are times you feel that you 're watching Elvis until something snaps you back to reality ... perhaps memories of a hapless Don Johnson in Elvis and the Beauty Queen ? All the performances here are excellent : Season Hubley as Priscilla , Pat Hingle as the Colonel , even Shelley Winters brings the right level of nerves and hysteria to her rendering of Momma Presley.<br /><br />Kurt 's dad Bing is here playing Elvis ' father Vernon , and there 's a fine understated performance from Robert Gray as Elvis ' buddy and bodyguard Red West . < br /><br />A must see for rock n roll fans .
1 Kurt Russell IS Elvis , plain and simple . His dedication to this role resulted in what I think , is the best movie bio ever . If you 're an Elvis fan , see it if you can.<br /><br />The made - for - television film was made two years after Elvis ' death.<br /><br />One piece of advice , there are two versions - one at 180 minutes and one at 117 minutes . The only one to watch is the longer one . The shorter one has more than one hour of footage edited out . It just does not work because the scenes in it are often dependent on the scenes that were cut.<br /><br />This masterpiece takes you from Elvis childhood through his emergence as entertainment 's greatest star . Shelley Winters and Bing Russell ( Kurt 's real dad ) are excellent as Elvis ' parents . And Pat Hingle delivers a very competent Col . Tom Parker.<br /><br />Long live the King !
1 This movie is one of those " WOW ! " movies . Not because it 's the greatest movie of all time , but because it surprised me . Not only was it a T.V. movie , but it was on Elvis . I can safely say as many impersonators as there are there was only one Elvis , but I can also safely say that Kurt Russel came extremely close to being the real thing . It was one of the greatest impersonations that I have ever seen . He had me believing that it was really him . I learned a lot about Elvis ' life from watching this movie . And do n't led the television part of it let you stray - it 's actually a really fantastic film ! And Kurt Russel could 've been Elvis ' twin :)
1 I remember watching this film a while ago and after seeing 3000 miles to Graceland , it all came flooding back . Why this has n't had a Video or DVD release yet ? It 's sacrilegious that this majesty of movie making has never been released while other rubbish has been . In fact this is the one John Carpenter film that has n't been released . In fact i have n't seen it on the TV either since the day i watched it . Kurt Russell was the perfect choice for the role of Elvis . This is definitely a role he was born to play . John carpenter 's break from horror brought this gem that i 'd love the TV to play again . It is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes . Belting out most of Elvis 's greatest hits with gusto . I think this also was the film that formed the partnership with Russell and Carpenter which made them go on to make a number of great movies ( Escape from New York , The Thing , Big trouble in little china , and Escape from L.A. Someone has got to release this before someone does a remake or their own version of his life , which i feel would not only tarnish the king but also ruin the magic that this one has . If this does n't get released then we are gon na be in Heartbreak Hotel .
1 I have loved this movie since I first saw it in 1979 . I 'm still amazed at how accurately Kurt Russell portrays Elvis , right down to how he moves and the expressions on his face . Sometimes its scary how much he looks , acts , and talks like the real Elvis . Thankfully this is being released on DVD , so all of us that have been waiting can finally have an excellent quality version of the full length film . I have heard the detractors , who say that there are some inaccuracies , or some things left out , but I think that keeping in mind that John Carpenter only had about 2 1/2 hours to work with , and that this was being shown on television ( just two years after Elvis 's death ! ) that he did a fine job with this . In fact I have n't seen another Elvis movie that even comes close to this one . Highly recommended .
1 Although Kurt Russell was and is probably the closest person to look like Elvis in show - business , so many things were false in this film . First of all , the makers claimed Elvis opened his famous live shows in ' 69 after a 9 year hault for films by wearing a white jump - suit made in 1972 . Also they claimed he sang ' burning love ' which he first sung in 1972 and ' the wonder of you ' which he first recorded in 1970 . They also claim that he got his first guitar for christmas when all Elvis fans know he got it for his birthday . I know all movies based on past have something false but these things are so obvious to people who like Elvis .
1 A pretty memorable movie of the animals - killing - people variety , specifically similar to " Willard " in that it stars an aging character actor ( in this case , a step down a bit to the level of Les Tremayne , who puts in the only distinguished performance I 've seen him give ) in a role as a man whose life is unbalanced and who subsequently decides to use his animal friends to exact revenge on those who have wronged him . Yes , this is one of those movies where pretty much everybody is despicable , so that you will cheer when they die , and really the selection of actors , locations , etc . could n't be better at giving the film an atmosphere of shabby decadence.<br /><br />Tremayne 's character is " Snakey Bender " , and he is certainly the most interesting thing about the movie : an aged snake collector who is obsessed with John Philip Souza 's music . When the local preacher clamps down on his practice of collecting small animals from the local schoolchildren as bait for his snakes , and his friend gets married to a stripper ( thus upsetting his ritual Wednesday night band concert ) he goes on the rampage , in the process creating a memorable pile - up of clunkers beneath the cliff where he dumps the wrecks after disposing of their unfortunate owners . One amusing game you can play while watching " Snakes " is to place bets on which cars will land the farthest down the cliff.<br /><br />All in all , very cheap and exploitative , but will really be a lot of fun for fans of these kinds of movies .
1 While originally reluctant to jump on the bandwagon of watching " Lost " , I accidentally caught one episode at the beginning of season 1—the one with the polar - bear—and it has had my undivided attention ever since . The show , that is . Not the polar bear . So bear ( heh ) with me while I throw out as much rambling , semi - coherent praise as I can muster.<br /><br />"Lost " takes a simple idea of a passenger flight full of people crashing onto a desert island , and gradually adds extraordinary depth to its premise by exploring each character deeply and unflinchingly—what drives them , who are they ? Where did they come from ? It soon becomes clear that the island upon which they are stranded acts as a common denominator for many things in their lives , whether they 're running away from something ( Sawyer and Kate among others ) or getting in touch with spirituality ( Locke , Claire ) . But " Lost " also zooms in on the island itself and the mysterious horrors that it houses ... and they all seem to be strangely connected.<br /><br />While television actors are not exactly known for their subtlety or dazzling acting abilities , most of the cast of " Lost " are , in truth , spectacular actors for their respective parts , projecting heart and humour in their performances . There 's also a multitude of eyecandy , but not generally of the plastic Hollywood kind as most TV shows . The characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch . Their interactions rarely fall prey to predictable sappiness , petty arguments or cheesy melodrama ( although they are annoyingly secretive ) – these people are first and foremost trying to survive and whatever relationship appears is treated secondary to action . The realism of these characters facilitate an already well - sculptured plot . < br /><br />About this plot ... Imagine a tree as the template plot , then the branches as subplots ( in this case , one branch for every character ) – well , Lost adds twigs to each branch and then tiny twigs to those twigs as other story lines . If you 're a brother / sister to one of the main characters in the flashbacks , you will get your own storyline . If you 're a DOG you will have your own storyline . Unless the writers manage to weave them all together into some glorious culmination in the end , they are setting themselves up . I am more than a little worried there will be some disappointing cop - out to this show , as I 'm sure most people are.<br /><br />But assuming the writers do pull this off , " Lost " is possibly the best show ever to hit television.<br /><br />9/10
1 I love this show ! It 's like watching a mini movie each week ! ! ! The first episode was so gripping and terrifying ... so was part 2 of the pilot ... I 'm definitely gon na keep tuning into this show ! This is the real Survivor ! I 've looked at a few of the other comments and I can see that already after just one or two episodes the morons here are already crying wolf ... Sorry if it 's not another reality show , kiddies ! There was once a time where there were ... now brace yourself ! Actual TV shows ! And this one is actually good unlike most of the crappy sitcoms today or the ump - teenth carbon copy of a Law & Order or NYPD Blue or CSI series they 're dishing out ... Watch this yourself to form your own opinion , do n't take one from the boneheads here !
1 Lost , probably the best t.v series ever made . the storyline is clever and when all your questions are answered watching one episode , 100 more are raised . if lost can carry on it 's magnificent ways and not get too carried away then it will be stapled the best show ever . The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island , a dangerous new world that poses unique threats of its own . after reading this your thinking how on earth can that be interesting ? and heres your answer , every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises , your always questioning your self why did that just happened and what 's gon na happen next each time , very unexpected thing 's happen and the story goes on wonderfully SO FAR ! The series just sucks you in , it 's chilling and very addictive , everything from the wonderful creators and directing to the magnificent performances by the cast creates a very believable story . Lost is simply unbelievable , amazing , highly entertaining , top notch , t.v at it 's best . How ever you want to put it . < br /><br />Lost beat 's all other show 's by a landslide . And if your hating or criticising Lost you do n't know how to watch t.v or watch drama . Lost simply does n't disappoint , you would think a series carrying on for so long ca n't keep getting better . But it does ! It just keep 's on flowing it 's unlike anything you would ever think off . " Every thing happens for a reason . " And that is truly shown in the series . Eventually you will reach a point were all the clues and everything that 's happened or being done adds up . You will feel and realise how the characters have changed and how and why everything is going on . < br /><br />The 10 minutes of excitement : You see something you did n't see coming , something major has happened to character or on the island . There 's hope somewhere . You see a major twist that can or will change everything . You hear your thought 's churn , you wonder what 's gon na happen next . Your heart beating . The 30 minutes of brilliance : You see a flawless scenes , tension building , you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino . You see great flash backs , impressive acting . You see wittiness , chilling atmosphere , which then get 's converted back into tension.<br /><br />Everyone has there show that they are addicted too , that they ca n't get enough of , that they admire every minute and ca n't wait for the next episode , That they talk about 24/7 . Too me and many others it 's this series . Lost . Once you start watching , you wo n't get enough . The creators did a flawless job . Lost is completely unique and original , you wo n't see anything like it . The clever idea of " flashbacks and flashforwards " and something major and different in every season sucks your thoughts . Would they ever make a series like " LOST " ? Something so interesting and something you will always remember . It simply has stunned the world when it hit t.v . A new generation of dramatic / sci - fi . A instant classic before it reached out to the viewers.<br /><br />I'm sure you all heard of lost and it 's 5 star reviews , and your annoying friend that wo n't stop telling you about it , so what 's stopping you from watching?<br /><br />Every episode leads to something new and it just does n't stop getting better and better , you get more interested as it goes along , you learn things that are on the island that you would n't even think off . The characters start to become very likable , and if your the critic type you would love to see Lost in further detail , things like how the relationship between characters develop and how they learn the ways to under look and take on challenges from the Island . All together it 's a great drama and a flawless series . I guess we just all hope that lost will not have a downfall in the episodes to come and go to far ..... so if you do n't watch lost , read the comment from the top again and you should change your mind . Seeing is believing , so until you start watching you will never know .I strongly recommend this masterpiece of series : LOST ! ! start watching ! ! ! You have not seen nothing until you watch LOST ! ! !
1 Lost is the best TV series there is . First of all , it has GREAT actors and wonderful directing . The writing is a very controversial issue because in the first two seasons the writing was extraordinary but after season 3 the writing became highly complex . For instance , who is Jacob?Why are there polar bears on the island?What 's the fog?How did the island disappear?Who is Richard Alpert?A lot of people think that the writers are lost and that they have raised a lot of questions and mysteries that they ca n't explain . I believe these people are wrong . I have confidence in the writers . I think that if the mysteries are revealed from now all the charm of the series will be gone . Anyway , lost is undeniably the greatest TV series and it will continue to be for a long time .
1 Intriguing . Exciting . Dramatic . Explosive . Complex . Epic . Words that only touch the tip of the iceberg in terms of the grand story that is LOST being told.<br /><br />From the acting down to the rare visual effects , LOST is the essential show on television for fans of science - fiction , fantasy , action , adventure , and lots and lots of mystery.<br /><br />Each cast member is so well chosen , and so good in their roles , that you either love them , or hate them , or downright wish them dead.<br /><br />The visual effects , when used ( which is rare ) are actually quite well done considering the usual production of shows . Be it the " smoke monster " , to the polar bears , LOST is believable in terms of eye - candy.<br /><br />As far as story goes , nothing can compare to the vast complexity this show has made viewers like me endure . Beginning to End , continuity is virtually perfect , characters are developed , and the ever - evolving story slowly gives the answers to its questions so many crave.<br /><br />Overall , there is practically no flaw in LOST . It does for dramatic / sci - fi television what Arrested Development did for comedy : it has set the bar.<br /><br />I highly recommend LOST to those that are patient , intellectual , and love every moment of the ride , no matter how long it takes to reach the end.<br /><br />See this show .
1 Hi:<br /><br />I heard about lost from a co - worker that had obvious differences of opinion on entertainment , he loved it . Well I watched an episode or 2 in the early seasons and was bored , so I tuned it out . After a few years I stumbled upon lost ; bored with the current sci - fi fare . Wow was I surprised . Can you say gravity well , damn I got sucked in . The pace and scripting are very good , some of the flash forward / backs are so so with the lamer characters , but over all good . My favorite characters are Ben , Locke , Jacob , Richard Alpert , Sayid Jarrah , Sawyer , Hurley , Daniel Faraday , Jin & Wife , Walt , Charlie , Desmond , and Jack 's dad . Jack and Michael definitely are immature asshats , very spoiled and immature . Kate 1 step above them , Juliet was way more classy than Kate . Mr. Eko way under - rated and on the level of Charlie if not more , too bad they both died . The guy dressed in black talking to Jacob ( way back ) is a genuine curiosity . As a whole great , very layered series : looking for more.<br /><br />regards
1 A very addictive series . I had not seen an exact combination among drama , action , suspense and Sci - fi never before . I am impressed every chapter . The screenplay is very intelligent , i do n't know how the creators invent all this amazing stories , every character have a strange past , troubles , stormy relationships , it gives to the show the human sense needed for creating intimate characters.<br /><br />The most incredible is the fact that all the characters are related among them : The numbers , they have met before without knowing it , and so on . The others , enigmatic security system and the Darma initiative are elements that do n't let us lose a chapter.<br /><br />Mr . JJ Abrams , what did you think to create this amazing story ?
1 Here is an innovative television drama ; which so easily blends a compelling story , brilliantly drawn out character development , humour , romance , and drama into each episode . Here is a show that sings to it 's own tune , whether it 's audience chooses to follow or not . How many other shows on television these days so boldly change in tone from one season to the next ? Where most of the other top shows on this site have found a formula that works , that brings in the viewers and the dollars and have stuck like glue to that formula ( Prison Break , 24 , and Desperate Housewives come to mind ) - LOST takes a different route where even after achieving that plateau and that winning formula , the team of executive producers are brave enough to completely reinvent the show in order to service their higher goal of compelling storytelling . This is where LOST differentiates itself from normal television . This is how it 's so defiant of conventional TV . And this is why LOST is one of the most cutting edge and innovative creations of modern television . Forget the naysayers - LOST is , has been , and always will be , there to appease it 's cult following first and the general public next . But it 's a testament to it 's inventiveness that it 's garnered a fan base which consists of the best of both audiences .
1 This show is without a doubt one of the greatest shows ever to be on television . I mean the acting is great , the suspense , the drama , the comedy , it has everything , and with such a simple story : A plane crashed on an island . The characters are great and Evangeline Lilly is HOT ! ! ! ! ! ! Matthew Fox once again shows us what a great actor he is , Josh Holloway is so great , Jorge Garcia is Hilarious , I could go on and on . Also , the unexpected plot twists , the back stories of the characters , the music that is at the end of every episode . J.J. Abrahms has once again proved what an excellent writer and producer he is . I mean this is better than ALIAS , and I loved ALIAS . Whoever is n't watching this show , should definitely consider getting the DVD 's and watching it , because they are missing something great . This show could possibly be the best show in television history ! !
1 I am obsessed ! The story is amazing and the show is highly addictive , but I love it . I am on Season 2 , disc 5 , and I tell you that I am too attached to the characters now . For anything bad to happen to them would seriously affect my vote for the show . And , Michael is on my list now . Kidding ... I am so happy to see there is a Season 3 , because I was too afraid to go onto disc 6 thinking that it would be ending . I ca n't wait to see the rest now . Thanks to the directors / producers / and actors of Lost ... I enjoy watching TV again . Before Lost I surfed through every channel going to bed sad because of my disappointment in television , but I have to say that Lost is my kind of entertainment !
1 /The first episode I saw of Lost made me think , i thought what is this some people who crashed and get chased by a giant monster . But it 's not like that , it 's far more than that , because their is no monster at all and every episode that you see of Lost , well it 's getting better every time . a deserted island with an underground bunker and especially the connection between the people who crossed paths with each other before they crashed . That 's the real secret.<br /><br />This series rules and I ca n't wait to know what 's really going on there I hope that they do n't air the last 2 episodes in the theaters , this series deserves a 9 out of 10
1 OK I 'll be honest , when I first saw the trailer for the programme , I thought it was an advert for some sun - screen product . With all the people walking around on the beach . Despite this I decided to watch it , thinking it would be some new show I could laugh at . But I was seriously amazed.<br /><br />From the first 10 seconds of the program I was hooked , why is he lying in the trees , why did the plane crash etc etc.<br /><br />It 's not everyday that a show comes along which combines intelligence , humour , action and suspense . But ' Lost ' manages all of this . With a great cast and crew , beautiful locations , and pretty decent special effects , ' Lost ' will catch anyone who tunes in , and is a must see for anyone who 's sick of cheesy sitcoms and crappy reality TV.<br /><br />Lost is on Tuesdays at 10 on channel 4 ( UK ) 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , 42 = O
1 " I have looked into the eye of this island , and what I saw was beautiful , " proclaims one of the main characters in ABC 's award winning television show " Lost " . The series could be summarized as a drama story about a group of plane crash survivors stranded on an unknown island , but that would be doing the show a disservice . " Lost " follows a large group of characters who come into conflict with the island , each other , and ultimately themselves as they struggle with their new way of life and their dependency on each other . The situation becomes more complicated when it becomes clear this is n't an ordinary island , either - and that they may not be alone.<br /><br />My initial fear after hearing the concept of this series was the lack of new stories they could tell us after a certain period , but this proved to be unfounded . The narrative flows naturally , the dialogue is witty , the characters are memorable and the execution is superb . The island is a character all on its own , and to understand this comment you 'd have to see the series for yourself , which only goes to show its originality and greatness.<br /><br />At the time of writing this review , only the first two seasons have aired , and they 're filled with strong episodes . My only mild criticism is that the second season seems to slow down a bit halfway , but then fortunately comes back in admirable shape for the final episodes.<br /><br />If I can recommend one television series you should be following right now , it would certainly be this one . If you like excitement , adventure , character driven stories , an extremely strong cast and crew , beautiful locations , and an island that seems more spiritual than natural , " Lost " is for you . Just be sure you start at the beginning .
1 Only seen season 1 so far but this is just great ! ! A wide variety of people stuck on a island . Nobody are who they seem to be and everybody seems to have loads of skeletons in their closets .... it sounds like Melrose Place meets the Crusoe family and why is that so great ? It probably is not but then ad a spoon full of X Files , a dose of " what " ? ? and a big " hey " and a island that is everything You ever dreamed of - in Your freakiest nightmares and You 'll be Lost to . The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable . Great set up , solid acting with a liberating acceptance that at the end of the everybody is human ( well almost everybody ... I think ... ) with good and bad sides . But weird oh so weird ...
1 An absolutely brilliant show . The second season began where the first ended , with much mystery . Suspense in most , if not all episodes and mystery everywhere . One that made me think and think again . It 's truly amazing how the writer can come out with all the connections and link all the characters together and combine all these elements to make the lives of the characters in the show so meaningful . Never fail to excites and I am looking forward to the new season . Hopefully more secrets will be reveal and at the same time , more mystery to be solved . Good selection of cast too for this show , fit the characters perfectly . Really ca n't wait to finally discover the secret . Hopefully all the hype wo n't spoil the ending .
1 I watched the first series avidly , but wondered whether I 'd go back again after a lengthy break from it . However , I tuned into episode one of Series 2 and was hooked all over again . This really is excellent telly ; ground - breaking stuff like Mission : Impossible back in the 1960s . The characters are well rounded , and expand as the series goes on , they change as they adapt - some more readily than others - to their new surroundings , but they cleverly remain strictly in character , and yet it is more than possible to have sympathy for someone whom you would n't have thought you could ever feel sorry for , when something really crushing happens to them . I hope there will be many years of ' Lost ' to look forward to - and I do n't actually mind all that much if I never get answers to all the mysteries !
1 It 's not well shot , well written or well acted but it has to be the most addictive show I 've seen since Twin Peaks . Every single revelation is timed so well that you have to see the next episode to get any kind of closure . They have even slowed down the pace of the show where they only reveal tiny amounts of information per episode however it feels like they 've just told you everything you wanted to know . However some of the acting is just about awful and some of the duologue is downright brutal . Some characters are very two dimensional . The more experienced actors like Locke and Ecko really stand out over actors who play Jack , Kate , Sayid and so on . The development of the show can also be very frustrating as the following episode may not show what the previous episode lead up to . Annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing . However , the second season has developed to a point where back stories reveal more about the island than they had previously . All in all its a great show but not perfect .
1 The first series of Lost kicked off with a bang ... literally and slowly decreased in pace . This may have put some viewers off and people who started to watch halfway through would either be bored or just plain confused . < br /><br />I would advise people new to the world of Lost to simply watch from the beginning and do n't get pt off by the slower episodes . The acting throughout is excellent but why have 5 series ' planned ... WHY ? ? ? All this means is that there will be no answers for at least 4 years , oh well , i 'll keep watching if it keeps the tension up and dialogue flowing .
1 Lost is an extremely well made TV series about some people that are lost on an island . there 's so many twists and turns that you ca n't really decide who your favourite character is , one minute its him then he does something so he 's coolest then she s about to do something so she s the coolest then suspense builds up and just as you are about to burst the episode ends and your like noooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!!so you have to wait a whole week too see the next episode but it is worth the wait . Suspense , action , romance , humour its got it all apart from the topless girls but that s good as it means that you can actually concentrate on the story more and story is what this is all about . so if you like a good story and like suspense this is a good one however 24 i think is probably better.(i have a review on that too that you could check it out . ) I would give lost a good 8 out of 10 mainly because its so unpredictable , you never know what will happen next .
1 SERIES 1<br /><br />As the UK eagerly awaits the launch of series two of ' Lost ' , series one ( which just finished showing here ) did not disappoint.<br /><br />A group of over forty passengers struggle to cope after their plane crash - landed into a deserted island . They pray for rescue . However , as the days turn into weeks and the survivors explore the rainforest that surrounds them , they begin to wonder whether they are alone.<br /><br />Admittedly , the series has a hard time keeping up the pace after the explosive pilot episodes , which hurls at the group a polar bear , a giant beastie and the possibility of others on the island . Nevertheless , the series manages to pick itself up after a few episodes and is outstanding by the final episode . Possibly the greatest thing about ' Lost ' is the fact that we visit each character 's life before the crash in a series of flashbacks . This gives us more insight and , hence more suspense and excitement as the events unfold in the present.<br /><br />Ultimately , this show is a superb combination of drama , suspense and the supernatural ; it is , quite simply , unmissable.<br /><br />SPOILERS FOR SEASON 1 FOLLOW < br /><br />SERIES 2<br /><br />After the cliffhanger that was the end of Series 1 of ' Lost ' , Series 2 begins with our protagonists delving deep into the heart of the phenomenon that is the Hatch . They discover a mysterious man who has a job to do . Meanwhile , Michael and Sawyer struggle to cope with the aftermath of what happened on the raft.<br /><br />As the series progresses , the viewers will be unable to bring themselves to turn off their television set , as every episode of the series contains more twists than a Curly - Wurly chocolate bar , one of which introduces a whole host of new characters . With every mystery solved with ' Lost ' , five brand new ones seem to come out of the woodworks . After the 974th plot twist of the series , it finally dawns on the viewer that it does n't actually matter whether the plane - crash survivors make it off the island . However , the stunning series finale answers just over half of those questions , despite its anti - climatic ending .
1 Lost is largely considered one of the most beautiful TV series that have never done ... and so is ... if you lovers of mysteries , intrigue and adventure this is the series for you ... In the first season ... since the first episode starts to go increasingly to move forward until you get to the second season ... in the second you lose a little its cocktail of mystery and expectation and pushes very on and reveal the various mysteries that the island hides ... the third season is perhaps the second most beautiful because resumed suffered since the first episode with the pace and tenacity of the first season ... the fourth also not let pass unnoticed and tends to reveal a little mysteries ... but not as the second season but at a somewhat different ... For the fifth season expects ...
1 The 1st season was amazing , the whole idea of them adjusting to the island , while mysteries were being explored ( And seen ) was just phenomenal ; filled with suspense , tons of cliffhangers , and an amazing plot . I mean , I love the whole idea of just seeing them get used to the island . And then first seeing the smoke monster in the first episode really caught my attention . From then on , I was hooked The second season was right on par with the 1st season , only a little better . I absolutely loved the idea of the hatches and the DHARMA Initiative . The whole plot and sequences of season 2 were mysterious , creepy , and exciting . I loved all the suspense surround others on the island , but the DHARMA story really made season 2 amazing.<br /><br />Season 3 was n't quite as good as 1 and 2 ... but nonetheless , great . I loved seeing the back - stories of the others , seeing their camp , and seeing the mysteries further explored . ( " Tricia Tanak Is Dead " is one of my favorite episodes ) . This season , while not as good , was still breathtaking and fun , but most of all exciting ! Now , the 4th season . I had hopes for this season , and the 1st couple of episodes we 're good , but then it REALLY started to get boring and monotonous . I mean , I REALLY despise the new " rescuers " such as Miles and Daniel . The plot got old after the first couple episodes ... and MOST OF ALL .... Season 4 was stripped away of something which made LOST a perfect series : The mystery , suspense , comedy mixed in ( Charlie gone ) and overall excitement . Also , some of my favorite characters have left .
1 Lost is one of a kind ... its so enchanting and full of suspense , thrill and emotions all at the same time . I have never seen any TV series like this before . It is full of jungle thrills and has a good screenplay . The actors have emoted life on an island in such a natural way that I feel lost in the island myself while watching it . It is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form . The series is like a movie depicting the life of the survivors lost on a deserted island . I am tempted to watch one episode after the other and I highly recommend this series for all the TV show lovers . Watch it to see the magic of being lost in nowhere .
1 After becoming completely addicted to Six Feet Under , I did n't think there would ever be another show that would come close to being as good as this show . Well , I was wrong ! Lost is spellbinding ! ! I absolutely love this show and can not turn it off . The richness of the characters , the intricacies of the plot , the beautiful setting are all amazing . I am totally and completely hooked . I do n't know how the creators do it , but each character touches me very deeply . I feel their joy , their pain , everything , right down to my core ! ! ! I do n't have cable so I 've been renting the series on Netflix . When I put it on I watch all the episodes at once and feel sad when it is over . I ca n't wait for the next disc to arrive at my house . This is probably the best TV show I have ever seen ! ! !
1 Before Lost everything shown on TV was predictable . You could predict who was gon na die or who will find something , but in Lost you could predict NOTHING . Every thing was so surprisingly stunning and it really was a mystery not because it has so many secrets but because there was nothing like it before everything was so great . I literally became addicted to it . LOST is a classic work of art . It gives you something to look forward to every week . It is genius . The surrounding is brilliant it is calm and warm at the beach and so scary in the jungle . The characters are a work of genius every one of them especially the ones already on the island . The castaways are so dramatic yet we can never predict their deaths because they have so much more to do and so much more to say and they have secrets affecting the other castaways that die with them .
1 " Lost " , " 24 " , " Carnivale " , " Desperate Housewifes" ... the list goes on and on . These , and a bunch of other high - quality , shows proves that we 're in the middle of a golden age in television history . " Lost " is pure genius . Incredible layers of personal , and psychologically viable , stories , underscored by sublime cinematography ( incredible to use this word , when describing a TV - show ) , a killer score , great performances and editing . Anyone who is n't hooked on this , are missing one of the most important creative expressions in television ever . It may have its problems , when watching only one episode a week , but the DVD format is actually an incredible way to watch this . Hope they keep it up ( as I 'm sure they do ) .
1 Lost holds something interesting for everyone . You can say an awfully lot about this series , and an awfully lot has been said , so I wo n't be the one to spell it all out for you again . Just read the persons who loved it , and you 'll know why you want to watch it . The nice thing about this series is that its totally new . There are not much movies -and even fewer- series based on the theme of only suspense , but Lost lives up to the theme with pride . Its all about the unexplained and if you combine that with an exotic location , nice plot twists , an excellent cast and a good format ( present and past combined in single episodes ) you 'll have a series in which every episode is a story on its own but part of a greater telling . You want to have all the insights of the characters , you want to see the overall picture and you 'll want to know where the writers are taking you . The result of that is that its a series which does not let you go . On a more sceptic note , the series went under a bit in season 2 , probably due to its own success . It is well known that Lost was only written for one season originally and when the overwhelming success followed , the writers were overwhelmed too . In my opinion they made the mistake to add even more mysteries and in a higher pace in season 2 , then to solve the ones ( or partially at least ) the ones of season 1 . At the end of season 2 you ended with a big blurr of secrets , plot twists and unexplained phenomena , but there is only so much a viewer can take . The difference between season 2 and 3 however was huge . Season 3 handed out a lot of insights , to partially replace them with new questions . And that 's exactly how they should write ; you want to thumble from one plot twist to the next , not get a tsunami of secrets spread all over you and then pick up a few to explain to the viewers . They got that in season 3 and brings us a promising series future for season 4 . Its good to see that such a different format of a series , can be so hugely popular .
1 The first episode immediately gave a good impression what to expect from the series ! Mysteries waiting to be solved and a lot of good drama ! I love the fact that they gradually reveal the stories concerning the characters ! Explaining just enough to stay excited ! Of course this show has some flaws ! In the first two series there are some characters who for some reason do n't show up in the third season ! Many of the characters have a decent sent off but some of them just are n't there ! Like Rose and her husband ! Where the hell are they ? What happened to them ? Maybe they will return in later episodes ! But it is a little inconsistent ! That being said " Lost " manages to be thrilling every episode(especially the first two seasons ) ! That is a very hard thing to do ! I do notice that in the third season the focus is more on character development than the mystery aspects of the show ! This is not a bad thing ! It even saves some episodes from getting boring ! One of the elements that can be considered the strength of this show are the wonderful characters ! You will grow to love these characters ! Good or bad ! But eventually I will want to see some mysteries to be solved and get closure ! The danger of " Lost " getting canceled due to declining ratings is near ! And that would be devastating !
1 Lost is n't the greatest TV show in history , but it 's not far off . It does n't have the plot or characterisation of The West Wing or possibly even early ER , however , it is arguably the most continuously gripping show I have every come across . I love the way I ca n't guess what 's going to happen . I love the re - telling of the characters ' back stories which often give rise to new dimensions for us to see them in . In some ways I want the show to last forever , but I think they can get 6 - 7 seasons out of it before they have to end it on a glorious high . The combination of the characters and their nationalities coupled with the show 's fluidity for moving backwards and forwards thus extending dead characters " life spans " all adds to the overwhelming sense that this show is something very different from what we are used to . It 's captivating , surprising and ( here 's a little suggestion for all of you conspiracy theorists ) more than a little interactive- keep those internet discussions going- you 're only adding to the plot ...
1 I do n't know the stars , or modern Chinese teenage music - but I do know a thoroughly entertaining movie when I see one.<br /><br />Kung Fu Dunk is pure Hollywood in its values - it 's played for laughs , for love , and is a great blend of Kung Fu and basketball.<br /><br />Everybody looks like they had a lot of fun making this - the production values are excellent - and modern China looks glossier than Los Angeles here.<br /><br />The plot of the abandoned orphan who grows up in a kung fu school only to be kicked out and then discover superstardom as a basketball play ( and love and more etc ; ) is great - this is fresh , fun , and immensely entertaining.<br /><br />With great action and good dialogue this is one simply to enjoy - for all ages - and for our money was one of the best family movies we 're seen in a long time.<br /><br />Please ignore the negative reviews and give Dunk a chance - we were really glad we did - a GOOD sports comedy movie .
1 The movie is absolutely silly.<br /><br />But were you expecting a high - brow intellectual film based on a comic called Slam Dunk ? Really ? Jay Chou 's acting is n't exactly the most moving thing I 've ever seen , but I certainly enjoyed the movie . Was it somewhere near the level of awesome that someone like Jet Li or Stephen Chow can produce ? No , not really . Was it thoroughly entertaining if you 're just taking it at surface value ? Absolutely . It 's a movie about some Chinese eye - candy idols and musicians who can play basketball at an unreal level of expertise . There 's an evil Triad - style dude and a wacky scheming guy who gets Jay Chou involved in all of this . A love interest . It 's formulaic but really , suspend disbelief for a while . Come on . It 's called Kung Fu Dunk . What do you really think you signed on for ? Do yourself a favor if you watch it - I found myself a copy with some Engrish subtitles that made the movie nigh unintelligible conversation wise , but we got a great laugh out of it . They would appear to be extremely fixated on Jerusalem and the numbers 1 , 10.<br /><br />I laughed , I cried , I hurled . I 'd watch it again.<br /><br />Especially for that fight scene in the bar . Well choreographed and well shot . I especially enjoy the plexiglass lit pool table - I 'd LOVE to play on one of those.<br /><br />Slick enough for me , but I dig on trash cinema .
1 Just finished watching the movie and wanted to give my own opinion(and justice ) to the movie.<br /><br />First of all , to get things straight , this movie is not pretending to be anything other than a solid action comedy movie . It does n't aim to revolutionize the movie industry and garner critical acclaims nor does it want to be regarded as one . If you really want to enjoy this movie to the fullest , I suggest you discard your critical - mindedness and your longing for a good plot because you wo n't find any in here . With that established , let us further into the movie.<br /><br />I had low expectations for this movie simply because it did n't have a strong plot(Yes , moviegoers , I underrated this movie as well ) , but I never expected myself to enjoy this movie that much . I even enjoyed this more than the Stephen Chow flicks(which I find Kung Fu Hustle to be his best effort and would 've rated it a 9 as well ) . Action is tight and epic while comedy chokes on to the right places.<br /><br />SPOILERS alert , I think The action might be unreal , but why would I want to watch a serious basketball movie anyways ? There are a lot other sports movies(drama ) that already did it well , why create another ? SPOILERS end < br /><br />I'm not even sure why you 're reading this . Go ahead and watch it . Just remember , no thinking - just watch , enjoy , smile , laugh , and < br /><br />Every once in a while they(the movie industry ) creates masterpieces such as Pulp Fiction or The Godfather movies , and sometimes they create movies which are better off in the pile of dump . I 'm not saying Kung Fu Dunk deserves the recognition that the previous examples have , then again , if we 're talking about Stephen Chow - ish comedy , this one 's a top ten.<br /><br />Highly recommended if you love : -no brainer movies with really good action -Kung Fu -Death Trance -Kung Fu and comedy -what the heck , watch this . you 'll have a great time.<br /><br />9/10 for you the cast of Kung Fu Dunk . ^_^
1 A mess of genres but it 's mainly based on Stephen Chow 's genre mash - ups for it 's inspiration . There 's magic kung - fu , college romance , sports , gangster action and some weepy melodrama for a topping . The production is excellent and the pacing is fast so it 's easy to get past the many flaws in this film.<br /><br />A baby is abandoned next to a basketball court . A homeless man brings him to a Shaolin monastery that 's in the middle of a city along with a special kung fu manual that the homeless man somehow has but ca n't read . The old monk teaches the boy but expires when he tries to master the special technique in the manual . The school is taken over by a phony kung fu master who is assisted by four wacky monks . The new master gets mad at the now 20 + year old boy for not pretending to be hurt by the master 's weak punches and throws him out for the night . The boy is found throwing garbage into a basket from an incredible distance by a man who bring him to a gangster 's club to play darts . This leads to a big fight , the boy 's expulsion from the monastery and the man 's decision to turn the boy into a college basketball sensation.<br /><br />Al this happens in the first 20 minutes with most of it happening in the first 10 minutes . Aside from the extreme shorthand storytelling the first problem is how little we get to know the main character until way into the movie . The man who uses the boy is more sharply defined by the time the first third is over . The plot follows no new ground except for the insane action climax of the film . I 'm sure you can easily imagine how the wacky monks will show up towards the end . The effects , photography and stunt work are all top- notch and make up for the uninspired plot . < br /><br />Stephen Chow has a much better command of plot and comedy writing and this film will live in his shadow but that 's not a good reason to ignore it . It 's quite entertaining even with a scatter - shot ending . Recommended .
1 i do n't care if you 'd like my comment or no but i think that you who write that the movie is n't good .. you're so obsessed by the films of Hollywood that you ca n't see how good is this movie i 'm not a fan of Jay Chou but i like his play and not only his ... and may be you think that there is not a big sense in the idea and may be you think it 's not so interesting but look deeply there is more than action in the movies more than love and passion and tears there is more than USA in the world and it 's good :) really good . And it cost a lot to do it so please do n't criticize the actors the directors cause you do n't know how hard they work for you to be happy in this hour and a half watching them thank you :)
1 Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu school , but kicked out by the corrupt headmaster after fighting with a bunch of thugs in the employ of a nefarious villain . He happens upon down - on - his - luck trickster Eric Tsang , who immediately sees cash potential in the youngster 's skills . Basketball is the chosen avenue for riches , and Tsang bids to get him a spot on a University team and to promote him in the media . General success leads to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team managed by the same nefarious villain of before.<br /><br />It 's all a bit Shaolin Soccer I guess , but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot sticks pretty close to sports movie conventions , and delivers all the elements the crowd expects from the set - up . You 've seen it all before , but it 's the kind of stuff it never hurts to see again when it 's done well . Luckily it really is done well here ( some might say ' surprisingly ' with Chu Yen - Ping in the director 's chair ... I expect he had good ' assistants ' ) - the script delivers and the presentation is slick and stylish . Jay Chou remains pretty much expressionless throughout , but such is his style , and when he does let an emotion flicker across it can be to quite good comic effect . Eric Tsang compensates with a larger - than - life character that he 's played many times before ( in real life , for instance ) who gets many of the films most emotional moments.<br /><br />Since the film revolves around basketball , it 's good that the scenes of basketball matches are suitably rousing . The cast show some real skill , including Chou , and some well done wirework and CGI add that element of hyper - real kung fu skill that make the scenes even more entertaining ( assuming you like that sort of thing ) and justify the movie 's plot / existence.<br /><br />There 's only one significant fight scene in the movie , but it 's a doozy in the " one against many " style . Jay Chou appears to do a lot of his own moves , and is quite impressive - he 's clearly pretty strong and fast for real , and Ching Siu - Tung 's choreography makes him look like a real martial artist . I wish there 'd been more , but at least it 's a lengthy fight.<br /><br />Very much the kind of Chinese New Year blockbuster I hoped it would be from the trailer , and recommended viewing !
1 This project was originally conceived as the movie version of popular Japanese manga SlamDunk ! and that 's not something new to Jay Chou , who made his movie debut playing a character from another wildly popular manga Initial D. Along the way , it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie , so hence the title , even if the idea was n't very original , with Stephen Chow 's Shaolin Soccer coming to mind with martial arts and ball games combined.<br /><br />However , and thankfully , those scenes where kung fu actually influenced the games were kept to a bare minimum , and in Kung Fu Dunk , really quite unnecessary , because they do n't add much to the plot nor drum up much excitement , and at most offered some cheap laughs and reminisced about the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games . Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist Fang Shi - jie since it 's not the first time he fought using martial arts ( Curse of the Golden Flower anyone ? ) , and under the stunt direction of Ching Siu - Tung , he was made to look really believable as he trashes countless of gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer , just to let you know who 's boss.<br /><br />That was almost why his character is made a kung fu practitioner , and for the fact of giving him an excuse for being a top shot , able to shoot the hoops from practically any angle . And with Eric Tsang as a small time hustler Chen - Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent , he joins a university to play varsity basketball , but not without the initial objection of team captain Ting - wei ( Chen Bo - Lin ) and team star Xiao - lan ( Baron Chen , in his big - screen debut ) . But you know with team members on the same side , it 's not before long they combine their strengths to take on adversaries on the basketball court.<br /><br />And I will stick my neck out to say that this movie is to basketball just as how Goal was to football . It made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters , despite them dripping so much coolness and aloofness on the courts . Here , special effects and wire - work were employed to make the actors seem like professionals who can take out a top side in the NBA league , and in all honesty , really looked stunning , especially when they mimic various dunking moves , and performing combo - moves thanks to technology and stunt work . So in actuality , the kung fu elements do n't really have to be in the movie . The stunt work itself will be able to justify most of the moves as they 're quite grounded to reality , only having you to suspend belief that boys of average height have springs in their feet to leap that height for a professional dunk.<br /><br />Pity too that the number of games were only a handful , with the time spent on plenty of subplots , but each were loosely developed and flitted in and out of the story as and when they please . Things like the abandoned Shi - jie 's quest to use the basketball games to get his parents to one day attend them , that of gangsterism penetrating and influencing games , and his love life with Charlene Choi in yet another flower vase role just to look good and do nothing else . Everyone 's acting a little too cool , leaving little room for main characters to add depth . One of the key themes here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than on individual talent and ability , and it could have been brought out much stronger if the players themselves interacted a lot more off the court , than only on it , and during competitive games , apart from the high - fives and friendly passes.<br /><br />With the US$ 10 million budget , it is easy to see where the money went to - the effects , in particular , a massive fantasy sequence at a crucial point in the movie . It 's quite flawless , nice to look at and probably justifiable on its quality alone , but again I like to emphasize , that even without those elements , the basketball stunts itself would still make this a decent movie with nifty basketball moves . And having Jay Chou playing for your team is a big boost to any hopes of a box office success .
1 I must say I was impressed the cinematography was amazing , the frames close to perfection and the way he built up the tension around a subject that sound more like a dreadful bore is beyond be.<br /><br />The film is about two narrators , one seen , one unseen . They are both trying to explain the significant of a series of painting that caused a scandal a long time back . The film is all about theories and explanations of views but the conclusion is quite shocking I must say . Definitely a film that deserves more than it 's 171 votes.<br /><br />With only 66 minutes to play out it 's plot the film still felt like a complete work . Fantastic direction ! I must say far better than Blood of the Poet which it for some strange reason remind me a bit of . < br /><br />I suppose you can call it by the slang word " artsy " . It 's pretty much just a lot of professional talk about various theories and stunning visual effects but the crew and Ruiz did pull it off . At least for me . An amazing film .
1 L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting ( 1979 ) begins in the courtyard of an old , three - story Parisian apartment building . Inside , we meet The Collector , an elderly man who has apparently devoted his life to the study of the six known existing paints of an obscure Impressionist - era painter , Tonnerre . A narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting , and then engages in a dialogue with The Collector , who describes the paintings to us , shows them to us , tells us a little bit about the painter and the scandal that brought him down , and then tells us he 's going to show us something .... <br /><br />As he walks through a doorway , we enter another world , or worlds , or perhaps to stretch to the limits , other possible worlds . The Collector shows us through his apparently limitless house , including a large yard full of trees with a hill ; within these confines are the 6 paintings come to life , or half - way to life as he walks us through various tableaux and describes to us the possible meanings of each painting , of the work as a whole , of a whole secret history behind the paintings , the scandal , the people in the paintings , the novel that may have inspired the paintings . And so on , and so on . Every room , every description , leads us deeper into a labyrinth , and all the while The Collector and The Narrator engage in their separate monologues , very occasionally verging into dialogue , but mostly staying separate and different.<br /><br />I watched this a second time , so bizarre and powerful and indescribable it was , and so challenging to think or write about . If I have a guess as to what it all adds up to , it would be a sly satire of the whole nature of artistic interpretation . An indicator might be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which The Collector poses some sexless plastic figurines -- in the second of them , he also looks at photos taken of the figurines that mirror the poses in the paintings -- then he strides through his collection , which is now partially composed of life - size versions of the figures . If we think too much about it and do n't just enjoy it , it all becomes just faceless plastic .... <br /><br />Whether I 've come to any definite conclusions about " L'Hypothèse du tableau volé " , or not , I can say definitely that outside of the early ( and contemporaneous ) works of Peter Greenaway like " A Walk Through H " , I 've rarely been so enthralled by something so deep , so serious , so dense .... and at heart , so mischievous and fun .
1 This is a strange , cerebral , surreal , esoteric film . If there is such a thing as " intellectual horror " cinema , this film is it . I started to get scared and wish there was someone else watching it with me , and it barely has a plot ! I 'm going to have to see this film again multiple times before I feel I really understand it . If you 're the kind of person who likes " My Dinner With Andre " and films by Godard , or if you do a lot of mind - altering drugs , you will probably enjoy this film . Wow .
1 This PM Entertainment production is laced with enough bullets to make John Woo say , " Enough already ! " Of course , it is n't nearly as beautiful as Woo can deliver but it gets the exploitive job done in 90 minutes . Eric Phillips ( Don Wilson ) is an undercover cop in the near future . When his wife is framed for murdering the Governor by a team using a look - a - like cyborg , it is up to Eric to clear her name . Wilson gets to pull Van Damme duty as he plays the heroic lead and his evil cyborg doppelganger . Why the Academy failed to take notice is beyond me . Being a PM production , there are tons of car chases , exploding cars ( 4 in the first 5 minutes ! ) and shoot outs . I particularly liked the van that flips in midair before it even comes close to touching an exploding truck . My other favorite bit involved a neighborhood girl coming over to perfect her karate in Don 's simulator . It is merely a chance to show off some cheapo LAWNMOWER MAN effects circa 1995 .
1 The final chapter in the Hanzo the Razor trilogy provides fitting closure for this entertaining series of samuraisploitation . Inoue replaces Yasuzu Masumura ( Blind Beast , Red Angel , Manji ) in the director 's chair , but the style is pretty much the same , perhaps due to Shintaro Katsu serving as the producer , apart from the titular antihero.<br /><br />Hanzo uncovers a female ghost who is guarding treasure hidden in the bottom of the lake . Of course , Hanzo being Hanzo , he 's not put off by the fact she 's a ghost , so he proceeds to rape ... ahem , interrogate her , using the now familiar revolving net device . The plot takes through a series of blind monks who also doubletime as loansharks , corrupt officials , promiscuous wives and the necessary hack and slash . Hanzo 's superior officer , Onishi , and his two servants , provide the typical comedic notes , and generally , it 's business as usual.<br /><br />Significantly less convoluted and easier to follow than the first ( which is all over the place and a bit of a mess ) , less stylish , dramatic and bloody than the second ( arguably the finest in the Hanzo series ) , but still entertaining and worthwhile on its own merits . Complete with trademark training sequences , the obligatory rape , swordfights , and a mystery Hanzo is called upon to investigate , this will ultimately satisfy the fans .
1 Shintarô Katsu , best known for the Zatôichi films , again stars in this third and final movie in the Kenji Misumi ( mostly known for " Lone Wolf and Cub ) , directed saga of Hanzo ' The Razor ' Itami feature the big dicked one battling ninjas , rapeing ' ghosts ' , and uncovering shady goings on at the Shogunate treasury . The Hanzo ' plot ' was kinda getting stale and repetitive . What was once novel in the first film , was not any longer . Fortunately , this one was better then the second thanks to having more humor . I 'm just glad that they choose to stop at the one trilogy ( I 'm looking at YOU Lucas ) < br /><br />My Grade : B < br /><br />DVD Extras : Merely Trailers for all 3 Hanzo the Razor films < br /><br />Eye Candy : Aoi Nakajima unleashes both tits , Mako Midori just her left one
1 Following the brilliant " Goyôkiba " ( aka . " Hanzo The Razor - Sword Of Justice " , 1972 ) and its excellent ( and even sleazier ) sequel " Goyôkiba : Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme " ( aka . " Razor 2 : The Snare " , 1973 ) , this " Goyôkiba : Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban " aka . " Razor 3 : Who 's Got The Gold " is the third , and sadly final installment to the awesome saga about the incorruptible Samurai - constable Hanzo ' The Razor ' Ittami ( brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu ) , who fights corruption with his fighting expertise as well as his enormous sexual powers . As a big fan of 70s exploitation cinema made in Nippon , " Sword Of Justice " became an instant favorite of mine , and I was therefore more than eager to find the sequels , and full of anticipation when I finally stumbled over them recently . While this third " Hanzo " film is just not quite as brilliant as its predecessors it is definitely another great piece of cult - cinema that no lover of Japanese exploitation cinema can afford to miss . " Who 's Got The Gold " is a bit tamer than the two foregoing Hanzo films , but it is just as brilliantly comical and crudely humorous , and immediately starts out fabulously odd : The film begins , when Hanzo 's two assistants see a female ghost when fishing . Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost , Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the site of the occurrence ... If that is not a promising beginning for an awesome film experience , I do n't know what is . Shintaro Katsu , one of my personal favorite actors , is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo , a role that seems to have been written specifically for him . Katsu IS Hanzo , the obstinate and fearless constable , who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors , and whose unique interrogation techniques include raping female suspects . The interrogated women than immediately fall for him , due to his sexual powers and enormous penis , which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual . I will not give away more about the plot in " Who 's Got The Gold " , but I can assure that it is as cool as it sounds . The supporting performances are also very good , and , as in the predecessors , there are plenty of hilariously eccentric characters . This is sadly the last film in the awesomely sleazy ' Hanzo ' series . If they had made 20 sequels more , I would have happily watched them all ! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant , and while this third part is a bit inferior compared to its predecessors , it is definitely a must - see for all lovers of cult - cinema ! Oh how I wish they had made more sequels !
1 As much as I have enjoyed the Hanzo the Razor movies , three is definitely enough : ' Who 's Got The Gold ? ' , the final adventure for the Japanese lawman with the impressive package , is a fairly enjoyable piece of Pinku cinema , but offers little new in terms of ideas whilst taking a big step backwards as far as outrageousness is concerned.<br /><br />The film opens with the appearance of a female ghost , and looks as though it is going to explore supernatural territory , something which might have taken the series in an interesting new direction ; unfortunately , after the spook turns out to be nothing but a Scooby Doo - style ruse ( cooked up by a corrupt treasury official keen to keep people away from the lake where he is hiding stolen gold ) , director Yoshio Inoue is content to recycle familiar elements from the first two films , the result being a rather stale affair.<br /><br />Once again , Hanzo heads an investigation that requires him to interrogate women through the use of his mighty penis , slice up his enemies , and abuse his superiors . On the way , we get wild orgies , good - natured rape ( Hanzo forces himself on women who wind up appreciating his willfulness ) , and bloody sword - fights.<br /><br />If you 've already seen and appreciated the first two films , you might as well watch this instalment to complete the set , but be warned , this is probably the least satisfying one of them all.<br /><br />6.5 out of 10 , rounded up to 7 for IMDb .
1 After the glories of The Snare , it was unlikely that a further outing for Hanzo would be able to do any better , and this does n't breach that expectation , but it is a fine film and sits neatly in between the fun but messy first chapter and the terrific second in terms of quality and general entertainment . The screenplay comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare , as well as the expected hi - jinks of a Hanzo film , but the film rings nice little changes on the formula by amping up the character driven humour as well as giving the film a quieter , reflective edge . The film opens with Hanzos assistants scared by a ghost , and typically he decides straight away that he needs to have carnal knowledge of this ghost . It turns out that the ghost is serving as a guard for a stash of stolen coins and from this set - up unfolds a story of theft , corruption and usury , with expected violent and sleazy results . Shintaro Katsu is terrific as expected as Hanzo , coming across effortlessly as a deadly fighter and sexual force of nature , he is equally good in the moments of knowing humour and likable , almost an ordinary gentleman in moments of drama , it is a beautifully rounded performance filled with social conscience and a touching edge of personal feeling . The expected comedy comes off fine as well , his moments with " Snake " Magobei are perhaps the most amusing of the series whilst his interactions with his servants are kookily entertaining as ever . Though neatly laden throughout with nice moments , a fair amount of action and a little sleaze , the film does lose a little from a relatively restrained approach . There are shades of both prior films , the plotting , pace and smarts recall The Snare and when the film aims for sleaze it does very well , with a potently handled and impactful early interrogation sequence . Equally though , director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially sleazy scenes in a more experimental way as per Kenji Misumi 's less well handled work in Sword Of Justice , with consequences sometimes very nice , as with a man playing a tune on the koto , with close ups of his fingers plucking at the strings as unbeknownest to him Hanzo ploughs his wife , and sometimes a bit weak , as with an orgy that is reduced to a nudity free psychedelic whirl of limbs in motion that just looks confusing . The nudity and bloodshed is generally downplayed which is a pity , though there is a little of both a stronger approach would have worked better , it is definitely the sort of film where trashy and unrestrained nudity and violence are most appropriate . But even with less in the way of exploitative goods this is still thoroughly entertaining stuff , the predictable moments are wrought with aplomb and there is more than enough intrigue and excitement , even some effective surprises to go around . Its a film for the fans really , playing off the work laid down in the previous instalments and working sweetly if not spectacularly with it . Altogether a near wholly pleasurable if mildly flawed end to a delightful trilogy , the second best of them and well worth a watch for enthusiasts of such things .
1 Shintarô Katsu , who played the blind swordsman " Zatoichi " in a total of 27 movies , ends the Hanzo trilogy with this excellent film in which he gets to make love to a ghost , Mako Midori ( Blind Beast).<br /><br />The big stick , used often in the pursuit of justice , is retired forever.<br /><br />Katsu was his usual impudent self as he pursued those who would steal from the treasury to lend at usurious amounts to those who could not afford to pay.<br /><br />The usual amazing swordplay and skill of the big guy was present , along with the blood.<br /><br />I'm going to miss him .
1 WHO 'S GOT THE GOLD ? is ( unfortunately ) the last of the HANZO THE RAZOR films , starring Shintaro Katsu as the title character - the multi - weapon proficient , authority - bucking samurai officer with the " unique " technique of raping confessions out of unwilling female informants until they " spill the beans " and beg for more ... <br /><br />This entry starts with Hanzo " uncovering " a woman who poses as a ghost to guard a lake that 's filled with bamboo trunks filled with gold stolen from the Treasury . This leads to Hanzo discovering a loan - sharking scheme and an orgy ring run by a blind monk . The requisite swordplay and rape / interrogation ensue - finalizing in a decent ending for this strange trilogy of films.<br /><br />Not quite as strong and enjoyable as THE SNARE ( part 2 of the series ... ) , but still great for fans of samurai sleaze and Japanese pinky - style films . 8/10
1 The third , and final installment of " Hanzo the Razor " is the most concrete of them all . The " training " even gets completed within the first five minutes of the film . Not for everyone , this film details Hanzo 's investigation of loan sharking being performed by an order of blind monks . It also makes a historical comment on the prideful refusal of old Japan to incorporate Western technology . Where the first Hanzo film was just a funny and gory ride with little connection to it 's plot , " Hanzo 3 : Who 's Got the Gold " manages to connect everything , and brings it all home in the end . Definitely the perfect finale . Oh yeah , Hanzo still has a lot of sex , and there 's a lot of needless blood and violence ( it * is * Hanzo the Razor after all ) .
1 Resident Evil : code veronica is a great well made video game , it has great graphics , very comfortable controls , a great storyline and high fun factor . The storyline to this is Claire Redfield gets taken to an island for trespassing on Umbrella grounds , and reaking havoc at they 're main lab while looking for her brother . Code veronica 's graphics are very good , the fire and rain effects are great looking . The controls are comfy , but the button pattern does nt fit the Dreamcast control , makeing it hard to get used to . Its still fun going around some wierd disturbing place , shooting the guts out of zombies . Code : veronica also has a little bit of " Romance " between the two main characters . You also get to play as Chris Redfield , from Resident Evil 1.The sound in this game is better than ever , for example , even though I hate the new feature , When the giant spiders crawl , they're feet make a disturbing scampering sound , and the guns sound alot more realistic . Great graphics , outstanding story , comfy controls , and realistic sound makes Resident Evil Code : Veronica a definite loved . I give it a 10 out of 10 .
1 This is one of the best of the series , ranking up there with Resident Evil 3 : Nemesis ( Or Biohazard : Last Escape ) The game has a very good storyline in which you play as Claire Redfield in the search for her brother , Chris Redfield ( Whom you probably know from the original Resident Evil ) It is as scary as the other Resident Evil , and contains alot more cutscenes.<br /><br />My Rating : * * * * out of * * * * * Stars ( Rating based on comparison to other videogames )
1 One of the most frightening game experiences ever that will make you keep the lights on next to your bed . Great storyline with a romantic , horrific , and ironic plot . Fans of the original Resident Evil will be in for a surprise of a returning character ! Not to mention that the voice - acting have drastically improved over the previous of the series . Do n't miss out on the best of the series .
1 I just ca n't believe that these games can get so much better , but they do . Unfortunately I had to rent a Dreamcast to play it , but even though I did beat it I ca n't wait to buy it for PS2 . This is the only series of games that I must own all of them even if I have beaten them many times over . I hope they never stop making this type of game even if the series must come to an end.<br /><br / >
1 This game ranks above all so far . I had the honor of playing mine on PS2 so the graphics were really good . The voice acting was above standard . The difficulty level is just right . Wesker has to be the best characters in the RE series in my opinion . The story amazed me and took many different twist that I was n't expecting . The only rating this game deserves is great .
1 I recently purchassed the very underrated Dreamcast and went off into town to find some games to use them on . I bought Soul Calibur ( A classic ) and then i stepped across the domain of Resident Evil Code Veronica . I have Resident Evil 1 & 2 , and have played Res Evil 3 numerous occasions , and i have been impressed with all of them , especially no.1 which has to go down in history has a classic.<br /><br />But none of them 3 come anywhere near to the dreamcast attempt of Brilliant Gory Gameplay . If its just for the sake of buying a dreamcast for this game it is worth every moment of your time and effort , i ve never been so enthralled over a computer game in the way this has enthralled me.<br /><br />Anyway , the story carrys on from the 2nd story in which Claire Redfield searches for her Brother ( Chris - from the 1st story ) , who is presumed missing under the conspiracy of the dreaded umbrella corporation . Little is known about this corporation except the fact that you though you destroyed them 3 times in the previous storys.<br /><br />So aiding Claire , with the assistant of super brat Steve , u must unlock the truth of the real location of your brother . The 2nd CD enables you to control Chris , that s if you manage to get that far without running out of the room in fear.<br /><br />The control are very slick and the movement of the characters are magnificently realistic , when the character notices danger , he / she faces the direction it is coming from . PURE GENIUS!!<br /><br />Overall i gave this game 10/10 because it is simply the game of the year , game of the decade and the best game in the world full stop!!. Please purchase this game as soon as possible .
1 At a time in our culture where reality exposed as narrative is overpowering fiction as we know it on the small and big screen , " Apart From That " is a film that exposes real life moments that feel more honest , fresh and innovative in there presentation than I have ever seen before . The usual spoon feeding conventions are non existent in this film , leaving a content audience to sit and watch these real life moments trickle one after the other on the screen . While watching the movie , and even upon post contemplation , it is hard to believe that these amazing performances where actually that , performances . Every moment with the large cast of actors felt like the truth being exposed in their daily usual lives . Even so , " Apart From That " does not feel like a documentary or reality television , but instead transcends into a category of its own , with its unique cinematography and direction . I look forward to watching this new category of storytelling continue with other films by directors Jennifer Shainin and Randy Walker.<br /><br />This movie must be seen .
1 Saw this my last day at the festival , and was glad I stuck around that extra couple of days . Poetic , moving , and most surprisingly , funny , in it 's own strange way . It 's so rare to see directors working in this style who are able to find true strangeness and humor in a hyper - realistic world , without seeming precious , or upsetting the balance . Manages to seem both improvised , yet completely controlled . It I hesitate to make comparisons , because these filmmakers have really digested their influences ( Cassavetes , Malick , Loach , Altman ... the usual suspects ) and found their own unique style , but if you like modern directors in this tradition ( Lynne Ramsay , David Gordon Greene ) , you 're in for a real treat . This is a wonderful film , and I hope more people get to see it . If this film plays in a festival in your city , go ! go ! go !
1 An excellent film depicting the cross currents in the lives of a multi - ethnic mix of not so ordinary people in the rural Pacific Northwest . Solid directing and writing along with fine acting , especially the performances by Kwami Taha and Dan Stowe . Interestingly , this film was made in the same year as the highly successful " Crash , " written and directed by Paul Haggis . The pace of the action may not be as frantic as that in urban Los Angeles , and the characters may seem to be better acquainted with each other in " Apart From That , " but the personal relationships of the characters are as flawed and troubled and their stories as resonant as any of those in " Crash . " For those viewers who appreciated " Crash " this is a must see film . Also , fans of Jim Jarmusch and John Cassavetes will like this movie .
1 The young lady 's name is Bonnie ( Polay ) . She 's attractive , is apparently living a pretty decent life , but all of a sudden is inexplicably snatched from her home and life by Evil Dude and the Various and Sundry Evil Henchmen . Now she has no idea what the hell is going on , only that a bunch of armed - to - the - teeth people apparently want her dead ... and she 's going to die not even knowing why.<br /><br />God , I hear the whining all the time . Now that content is so cheap to produce and people can create their own movies / books / comics / internal organs , there 's going to be nobody to ensure that there 's a standard of quality ! We 're going to be drowning in crap ! The only people who actually think this are people who have n't watched any movies or read any books recently-- because we 're already doing a dead man 's float in crap . It 's folks like Ferrari and Rodriguez who put the lie to these ignorant so - and - sos by throwing $ 8 K on the table and making ... well , what I would say is a better action flick than anything you 've seen in cinemas this year ... but you have n't seen any action flicks in the cinema this year . I 've seen the box office . You 're staying away in droves . You would do better to snag a copy of this , spend twenty minutes being entertained , and get on with your lives.<br /><br />It 's sheer entertainment . You enter , like Bonnie , with a lot of questions and where the whole thing ends up is nebulous . The whole conceit has been done before in multiple ways but not in such a compressed amount of time and not without such concentrated tasty gunplay . You 're there for the atmosphere , the mystery , and the guns . That 's it -- that 's all the filmmakers promise , and they deliver.<br /><br />It warms the black pits of my heart to think this was made on such a budget . We get passed a goodly number of indie films around here , but seldom do we see anything as polished as this short is , and we 've never seen one done in the action genre that looked this good . Hell , you could hand these two guys MI : 3 and it might draw me into watch it . The Bond franchise . Hell , anything . No , in fact , better yet : I 'd like to see these guys make a feature on their own and stay the hell away from Hollywood . Whatever 's out there killing the movie industry is no doubt infectious.<br /><br />Best indie we 've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we 've ever seen . The DVD 's $ 20 and has bonus features out the ass . Go take your movie ticket budget and put it towards this instead .
1 As a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the DVDs themselves , we perhaps should n't expect too much from Broken in disc form . And yet what 's most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly fine presentation.<br /><br />With regards to the latter , the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non - anamorphic transfer . Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85:1 ratio , demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should be expected . Indeed , given Ferrari 's hands on approach in putting this disc together you can pretty much guarantee such a fact.<br /><br />The same is also true of the soundtrack . Here we are offered both DD2.0 and DD5.1 mixes and whilst I 'm uncertain as to which should be deemed the " original " , the fact that Ferrari had an involvement in both means neither should be considered as inferior . Indeed , though the DD5.1 may offer a more atmosphere viewing experience owing to the manner in which it utilizes the score , both are equally fine and free of technical flaws.<br /><br />As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them . Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you 'll notice numerous commentaries , loads of featurettes and various galleries . Indeed , given the manner in which everything has been broken down into minute chunks rather than compiled into a lengthy documentary , there really is little to discuss . The ' Anatomy of a Stunt ' featurette , for example , is exactly what it claims to be , and the same goes for the rest of pieces . As such we get coverage on pretty much ever aspect of Broken 's pre - production , production and post - production . And whilst it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall ' making of ' , in this manner we do get easy access to whatever special feature we may wish to view.<br /><br />Of the various pieces , then , it is perhaps only the commentaries which need any kind of discussion . Then again , there 's also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks . The one involving the actors is overly jokey and does n't take the film too seriously . Ferrari 's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing . And the technical ones are , well , extremely technical . Of course , we also get some crossover with what 's been covered elsewhere on the discs , but at only 19 minutes none of these pieces outstay their welcome . Indeed , all in all , a fine extras package .
1 In my line of work , I occasionally get contacted by independent filmmakers who are trying to publicize their film . When I can , I take a look at these low - budget films and often they make me think that the future of Hollywood is going to the dogs . Once in a while , though , there is a film that is born of pure passion and desire , as if created for the purpose of reminding the film industry that good movies are still possible . The short film B R O K E N , directed by Alex Ferrari , is a genuine surprise and worth a second look.<br /><br />Clocking in at a scant 20 minutes , B R O K E N tries to tell a compelling ( but surreal ) story with almost no back story . The audience is plopped down in the middle of the action with no clue as to what is happening . A young woman ( Samantha Jane Polay ) awakens from a dream to hear a gunshot and is subsequently abducted from her home . When she awakes , she is surrounded by a group of mercenary thugs that look like they would be at home in a comic book . These nasty guys and girls are larger than life . They are all guns and knives . There is no way out.<br /><br />The kicker here is that , despite being a low budget film it does n't play like one . From the very beginning , the feeling is that B R O K E N has been shot , edited , and produced by professionals . It looks like something Quentin Tarantino might have done on his day off when he was jamming with the Wachowski brothers . The film is sharp and cool , it looks good and it feels like something big.<br /><br />The acting is much better than I usually see in these smaller films . Polay and Paul Gordon ( who plays the head killer , Duncan ) were well chosen . As two of the few speaking roles in the film , it is up to them to carry the film . No special effects , no matter how good , would have saved this film from bad acting . Thankfully , Polay manages to convey true fear and Gordon manages to come off as a real psycho . Some of the more limited roles seem to be filled by lesser talent , but it hardly shows.<br /><br />The downside to B R O K E N is that it 's only 20 minutes long . The story ends with a Twilight Zone twist that seems a bit contrived and is hardly subtle . Watching it , I felt like I was supposed to have some epiphany , but there was only a feeling that it was much more mundane than I had hoped it would be . The film tries hard to be one of those puzzles that leaves audiences talking for hours at the local coffee shop , but it comes off as unsatisfying . I keep thinking that this is the first 20 minutes of a longer film.<br /><br />MY RATING : 8 out of 10 .
1 An independent feature can now be seen as both a work of film art and a video resume . Enter Broken , and aggressively promoted , twenty minute short with style and enthusiams to spare . But is it any good as a film , or does it only work as a demo piece ? Ah , there in lies the rub.<br /><br />Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton who is abducted after awakening from a reoccurring nightmare one night by " a sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage " ( quote from the video box ) . As she 's held captive , it becomes obvious that her abductors know things about her that even she did n't know about herself . While they question her , a black - clad soldier guns his way into their hideout in an attempt to rescue her . Mayhem ensues.<br /><br />Fortunately for us , director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he 's doing , or at least he 's very good at faking it . Broken does not suffer from any lack of visual flair , which is especially commendable considering its budget and the inexperience of all involved . What it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing . Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets The Matrix , written ten minutes after reading Fight Club . The good news for Ferrari and producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that the story elements are easily ignored for the oodles of eye candy on display . Does the plot really matter that much in a twenty minute short meant to show off the technical skills of its creators ? No , not really.<br /><br />Though it would be unfair of me to overlook any negative aspects in light of the films budget and length . Broken is no genre classic . The biggest problem was that it actually would have worked better as a full - length feature . The final " twist " does n't get enough build up time to be shocking . If Ferrari were allowed the time to slow burn the feature as needed , plot elements would seem less random , and the film more complete . Here 's to knowing he 's getting the chance.<br /><br />Audio Broken 's Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is second to none in the indie world . I 've never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature . The Matrix inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep , gunshots have punch , and even the dialogue gets in on the surround effects . Of everything presented on this disc , it is the audio that speaks the praise for modern independent DVD production . Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround track , which is the menu default.<br /><br />Extras There are literally hours of making of features to be found on this disc . There are so many extras , in fact , that I find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here , while still expecting my readers to continue reading . Whatever shortcomings the actual short may have , the DVD is unprecedented in its informational resources . People who enjoyed the film can learn all there is to know about its production , including everything from the conceptual art to the promotional campaign . Those with plans to make an indie film of their own can learn just about everything they need to know from these features.<br /><br />The extras are broken down into categorical menus . These include : pre - production , production , post - production , after the short , and cast and crew bios . From a critical standpoint , I found that some of the sections were quite short . Had they been edited into one featurette per menu option , they would 've been less frustrating to navigate , as the curser defaults to the top selection with every return to the main section menu . This is , of course , just nitpicking , but perhaps for future DVD releases the filmmakers will take my advice to heart.<br /><br />It has six audio commentaries and hours of interview footage and talented people , and despite the consonant salesmanship , their true colours do shine through.<br /><br />The willingness to share their film - making secrets with anyone who picks up this DVD is quite generous . From the extras I learned what editing and effects software is most reliable and effective , what brand of camera creates the most professional look for the lowest price , even where to get cheap air soft weaponry . On top of this , I was given several alternate options , in case I found myself unable to locate any products used on this particular production . Wannabe filmmakers unwilling to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this DVD.<br /><br />Overall I 've scored the actual short as a 6 out of 10 , but wish there was an option for feature length potential and effort , because I 'd have scored it an 8 or 9 in these fields . I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with a mere eight thousand American dollars . Those who purchase the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a larger project , as the more attention these guys get , the more funding the feature - length version will get .
1 As a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the DVDs themselves , we perhaps should n't expect too much from Broken in disc form . And yet what 's most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a James Cameron DVD and a decidedly fine presentation.<br /><br />With regards to the latter , the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non - anamorphic transfer . Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85:1 ratio , demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should be expected . Indeed , given Ferrari 's hands on approach in putting this disc together you can pretty much guarantee such a fact.<br /><br />The same is also true of the soundtrack . Here we are offered both DD2.0 and DD5.1 mixes and whilst I 'm uncertain as to which should be deemed the " original " , the fact that Ferrari had an involvement in both means neither should be considered as inferior . Indeed , though the DD5.1 may offer a more atmosphere viewing experience owing to the manner in which it utilises the score , both are equally fine and free of technical flaws.<br /><br />As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them . Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you 'll notice numerous commentaries , loads of featurettes and various galleries . Indeed , given the manner in which everything has been broken down into minute chunks rather than compiled into a lengthy documentary , there really is little to discuss . The ' Anatomy of a Stunt ' featurette , for example , is exactly what it claims to be , and the same goes for the rest of pieces . As such we get coverage on pretty much ever aspect of Broken 's pre - production , production and post - production . And whilst it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall ' making of ' , in this manner we do get easy access to whatever special feature we may wish to view.<br /><br />Of the various pieces , then , it is perhaps only the commentaries which need any kind of discussion . Then again , there 's also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks . The one involving the actors is overly jokey and does n't take the film too seriously . Ferrari 's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing . And the technical ones are , well , extremely technical . Of course , we also get some crossover with what 's been covered elsewhere on the discs , but at only 19 minutes none of these pieces outstay their welcome . Indeed , all in all , a fine extras package .
1 The version I saw of this film was the Blockbuster rental with a similar title , but a swear word in it.<br /><br />This film was funny as hell . It was also true to the bone . If you have ever spent time in Hollywood or the area around it , you will understand the humor . If not , you may not ' get it ' at all.<br /><br />The story of two people in the business struggling to make it until they finally reach a breaking point , it is a rare gem . It states it is a drama , but it is a drama as much as Deer Hunter is a comedy.<br /><br />Loren Dean is wonderful , as always , as a supporting actor . Jamie Kennedy was able to hold his own well . His performance is especically impressive during the poodle scene . The only downside was Carmen Electra but we ca n't have everything .
1 Starfucker ( which reads Starstruck on my box ) was the most amazing movie I have ever seen . I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen . So why not a 10 ? Nothing is perfect . Jamie Kennedy proves why he is one of my favorite actors in this very interesting look at a darker side of Hollywood . I have forced a few others to watch the movie and they all agreed that it was an outstanding flick .
1 This movie is just so good ! Despite Carmen Electra , this has to be one of the better films I have seen in awhile . Jamie Kennedy is just amazing , and Loren Dean plays an insane spoiled movie star very well . The plot is great as well . It 's all very real which is scary . It says here that it 's a drama , but this is one of the damn funniest dramas I have ever seen . Go check it out .
1 This episode from the first season slightly edges towards controversy with the whole gender bending angle . I imagine there would have been a significant amount of editing before this was finished to appease censors.<br /><br />The story itself is original and well written and the directing is complemented by the fine acting.(Nicholas Lea makes his X - Files debut though not as Agent Krycek but as a victim called Michael ) I especially enjoyed the built up to and the ending itself.<br /><br />Its different but enjoyable . Ignore any bad reviews you may hear . Watch it for yourself and make judgement then
1 Gender Bender the Limerick:<br /><br />A man or a woman ? Who knows?<br /><br />It turns out that ' it ' is both.<br /><br />Sleeping in clay < br /><br />Then they all went away < br /><br />In one of their UFOs.<br /><br />Gender Bender is another great Season 1 episode . I enjoy this one because the story is the kind where you are never really sure what 's gon na happen next . It is entirely original . The teaser is very fun with the close up of the eye and the reflection of the disco lights . I really need to learn my that thumb trick the genderbender heshe does . I really like the atmosphere at the Kindred 's little village and Mulder and Scully sneaking around in the middle of the night . Its very exciting . This is one of my favorite Season 1 episodes in fact . I think the thing I like about it so much is how they turn out to be aliens in the end and left crop circles . Many people see this as a non - mythology related alien episode kind of like " The Unnatural " or " Space " but I think this could easily be seen as mythology related . Maybe the genderbender was just like the alien bounty hunter and could appear to look like anyone . Huh ? Anyway I give the episode a 9 out of 10 .
1 Okay , that was a pretty damn good episode . Much better than the credit it receives.<br /><br />The camera work is splendid . Best yet . I love that final shot . The atmosphere is fantastic , the costumes are great and the guest cast ( minus the helpless victims ) is strong . < br /><br />What I do n't like about this episode is that many things that are left unexplained . why does it change sex ? what 's the purpose ? and they 're aliens ? what kind ? why were they never shown again in the later mythology?<br /><br />I'm giving this episode a high THREE stars . One of my favorites yet , but the plot holes bother me . Still ... not gon na let it ruin my entertainment .
1 Gender Bender sexes things up a bit for the x - files . This episode has an interesting premise , a good story , but an ending that is wanting . Gender Bender is also the x - files debut for actor Nicholas Lea , better known as Alex Krycek . In this episode he plays Michael , a man attacked by one of " The Kindred " . You need to see this episode just to see Nic Lea 's less than spectacular beginning . An interesting thing about the Kindred 's " power of seduction " . When Marty does it to his victims , they become turned onto him / her . However , when Andrew seduces Scully , she only because disoriented and groggy , and does not become attracted to Andrew . Maybe it 's because Marty has more experience at it than Andrew . This episode reminds me of why it would sometimes be miserable to film up in British Columbia . Throughout the episode it is so wet , soggy , and muddy , it could not have been that much fun . Despite the disappointing ending , Gender Bender is still a decent episode to view .
1 First of all , this movie is 34 minutes long , which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies . Second of all -- you need to do this . This sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images . Cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant , a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky , and pigs eating their own fried flesh -- that 's only the beginning . The scenes and images , extraordinary on their own , flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re - watching . Furthermore , the DVD includes an amazing director 's commentary , which , given the extremely spare dialog , only enhances the viewing . The commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes , but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of Cat Soup , along the lines of : " well , the artists were asking what we should do in this scene , but I did n't know myself , so its hard to say why it turned out as it did " ( that 's a bad paraphrase by the way ) . Also , the sound throughout the film is very high quality , very precise , and very moody . In all , the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:<br /><br />First viewing : Watch the DVD without the commentary . Second viewing : Watch the DVD WITH the commentary . Third viewing : Rewatch without the commentary.<br /><br />Once you 've watched it three times , however , you 're not going to stop there ...
1 When I saw this movie a few days ago , my eyes were completely fixed to the screen . Its greatness held my attention to such an extent that I focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration . I would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime , but to anyone who likes great movies period ( or who likes really weird stuff ) . The style of art is beautiful , the sound is perfect , and the symbolism within it is breathtaking . I 've heard complaints about the weird insertion of English text in the movie , but I think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie . The self - attributed description of " Hello Kitty on acid " does n't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions . I 'd like to find more works by whoever made this , and see them .
1 CAT SOUP is a short anime based on the legendary manga Nekojiru . It won the award " Best Short Film " at The 6th Fantasia Film Festival and also won the " Excellence Prize " at Japan 's Media Arts Festival.<br /><br />When little kitten Nyaako 's soul is stolen by Death , she and her brother Nyatta embark on a bizarre journey to get it back . In the surreal dreamscape of the Other Side , they encounter many fantastic characters and remarkable , often disturbing adventures.<br /><br />CAT SOUP is an anime like nothing you 've ever seen . It 's Hello Kitty on acid ! It is very original , stunningly beautiful and possess a great sense of strangeness and lyricism . CAT SOUP is very surrealistic ( there are no dialogue ) and sometimes cruel and gory . So it is more an anime for adults than children ( they may not understand at all ! ) . A great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece . An must - see !
1 The performance of every actor and actress ( in the film ) are excellently NATURAL which is what movie acting should be ; and the directing skill is so brilliantly handled on every details that I am never tired of seeing it over and over again . However , I am rather surprised to see that this film is not included in some of the actors ' and director , Attenborough 's credits that puzzles me : are n't they proud of making a claim that they have made such excellent , long lasting film for the audience ? I am hoping I would get some answers to my puzzles from some one ( possibly one of the " knowledgeable " personnel ( insider ) of the film .
1 " Cry Freedom " is not just a movie . It is a historical account , heroic story , and insight into the cultural background of a major event in history . Not only does Denzel Washington do a terrific job of impersonating a motivating , determined hero , Steve Biko , but he delivers a message to the public about the horrors of South Arfrican Apartheid . The story of Biko , an influential leader , and his main " influencee " , Donald Woods , is a heartbreaking one . But , the ultimate success of his life can go beyond the atrocities committed in South Africa . " Cry Freedom " manages to communicate to its audience the optimistic aspect of the seemingly disturbing plot . It is because of great films like this one , that the public can become educated on terrible events in history , great leaders who sought to end them , and how we can never allow them to happen in the future . Because of this importance , " Cry Freedom " is an amazing film that should be seen by all .
1 I first watched this movie on its release in 1987 and was greatly affected emotionally , through a combination of guilt at what my fellow white human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against man.<br /><br />Particularly moving was the Funeral of Steve Biko , made even more vivid and hard - hitting by the South African Anthem played at the time . I have long believed that this movie achieved what nobody else had managed - to open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa . I consider myself to be a normal right thinking person and I can attest to how this film changed my whole way of thinking about not just South Africa , but how we as white people perceive black people . I have never seen any difference between people of any colour or creed , but after viewing this film I physically changed my life and have spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people rise above their present standard of living and achieve that which they would not have thought possible . The greatest reward I can honestly say I have received - to be able to say that in my own small way I have contributed and redressed the balance a little . But if more people thought like me and actually DID something to help black people without seeking reward then the entire black population of this planet would be a little better off.<br /><br />I challenge any right thinking person to watch Cry Freedom from beginning to end and not feel that emotion tugging at your heartstrings as you witness the 700 schoolchildren brutally shot dead in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans , the senseless murder of Steve Biko , such a champion for his own people 's rights , and then , ultimately , to understand that all this is not merely a film , albeit a magnificent one , but that it all actually happened and less than 30 years ago.<br /><br />Yes , my friends , watch this movie and then see if you can go out afterwards and party hard . I could n't . I was too upset at knowing the truth . That is the hallmark of a great film . It was obviously the intention of Sir Richard Attenborough to get this message over about South Africa . Of course he has achieved it . Unless you happen to support apartheid . God help you .
1 I keep watching this movie over and over and over . I have to watch it at least once a week . I am from Africa and looking at that movie taught me some things that I did n't even know about Africa . Denzel 's movies are all full of lessons for people of walks of life . I wish he was my own brother . I have also seen and love your Masala Mississipi . What a thrilling situation . When Denzel was trying to hook his brother up on the job , reminds me of my teen ages when my brother was always mad with me about getting myself busy all the time . My brother was always caring for my old father and he wants to see me the same way too . By the way where did Denzel get that African accent from in the Cry Freedom movie ? I have first seen that movie in Africa and I did n't know then that Denzel was American till I moved down here .
1 i have just finished watching this film in my GCSE history class . it was thrilling and was a brilliant insight to what actually happened to Steve Biko during the time of the Apartheid law . How anybody can say that this film was the most boring or dull 2 and a half hours of their lives i do n't know because it had me hooked from start to finish . it was great how Denzel Washington portrayed him and showed how he was fighting against the Apartheid law and to get equal rights for black people . In one part Steve Biko says to a policeman we are just as weak and human as you are , this is to show them that he and all of the other black people in south Africa were no different to the whites . Donald Woods inspired me because he fort for what he believed in and did not believe totally in apartheid . He and Steve Biko formed a very strong friendship that shook south Africa and went on to awaken the world . i very much enjoyed this film and strongly recommend this to people . it helped me see that racism is not right and that everybody is equal , their fate should not be determined by the colour of somebody 's skin . n
1 I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984 . Steven Biko is gone half way through the film but the resonance of his courage and wisdom is not forgotten . I did n't when finally in South Africa in 1993 . It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty . When I was in South Africa and heard the audience at a dance recital in Natal sing Nkosi Sikelel ' iAfrika , my hair stood on its ends . There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples .
1 This movie is using cinematography fantastically , the depth of the camera catches each character . Denzel Washington and Kevin Kline put on awesome performances though Washingtons accent does die in certain scenes . How is this movie laying forgotten ? unable to rent nor hire in recent times it threatens to be lost forever . a worrying idea . Attenborough at his best since Ghandi , this master piece stands for what it should in movies such as these , no worrying about gaining audiences rather a cry for freedom in the SOuth African Apartheid . Though critised for the biased nature , the movie is faithful to the book by Donald Woods and faithful to the message intended to express to the world . ta and peace
1 I first saw this film when i was about 13 . It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now . But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now . There is precious little effort made to examine and interact with the racism - and thus fails to recognise that the most potent anti racism weapon is to understand it at its very core in those who commit it . What we get instead is a dichotomy - on the one side , beko and woods in 3D panoramic rainbow vision - on the other , two dimensional characters are portrayed as unapologetic unthinking evil.<br /><br />This all makes for a great film story , but it worries me that people see the portrayal as ' accurate ' .
1 Very slow - paced , but intricately structured and ultimately very touching . A nice , very true - to - life look at a small Florida beach town in the dead of winter -- I 've been there , and this is absolutely accurate.<br /><br />It 's also the debut feature of actress Ashley Judd , and she makes a big impression here . It 's hard to believe this film is 12 years old -- I remember seeing it in theaters , and I recently rented " Ruby " again . Except for the 80 's looking clothes , it has held up very nicely . Ashely is so radiant and touching here , that it 's hard to think of her subsequent career without wincing . Boy , talk about failing to fulfill your early promise ! Anyone seeing Ashley here in " Ruby In Paradise " would assume this elegant , natural beauty went on to all kinds of interesting art films and serious acting -- instead she has become the " go to " girl for dumb action films and slasher movies ! Very disappointing , but at least we have this lovely performance preserved to showcase her early promise.<br /><br />As some other commenter 's say , this is not for everyone as it 's very slow paced . This is not an action film , nor is it really a romance . The director ( Victor Nunez , " Ulees Gold " , another excellent character study ) treats this ordinary young woman 's life with deep respect , allowing her story to build slowly and with a lot of detail . In that way , I think this is one of the most moving and respectful coming - of - age stories about young women that I can recall -- it 's not about Ruby 's sexual awakening or " how she lost her virginity " , but about her life choices and her growing maturity.<br /><br />A lovely film , if you take the time to watch it ... I think it would be a really excellent film to show teens and young girls ( or boys for that matter ) and give them a chance to think about and discuss it.<br /><br />Particular kudos to director Nunez , who also wrote the script , which is so realistic and nicely detailed that I assumed all through the movie that it was based on a female - written novel or memoir , but in fact it 's Mr. Nunez 's original work . Rated 8 out of 10 .
1 I can not begin to describe how amazing this movie is . Suffice it to say , anytime I 'm depressed about how unfair or futile things seem , this is the movie I go rent to put me in the right frame of mind . The background music makes you realize the easiness of existence and how simplicity provides for the greatest happiness . The Indian girl that sings is but one example of a character in this film who does not try hard , and is happy as a result . Persifina , the laundry co - worker of Ruby 's ( Ashley Judd ) is another =- her eyes and smile could make the hardest person 's day . I watch this movie and I dream of better days to come or of a good conversation with friends , and I realize that being alone -- Ruby is alone quite often -- isn't the same as being lonely . Recommended for anyone who enjoys a thoughtful lull of a movie .
1 " Ruby in Paradise " is a beautiful , coming - of - age story about a young woman , Ruby Lee Gissing , escaping her stifling roots to become herself . Although the title character is played artfully by the gorgeous Ashley Judd -- in likely her first movie role , albeit one to be quite proud of -- the emphasis is not upon becoming " somebody , " a la the next Madonna ( whether Jesus ' mother or the lurid , attention - hungry singer).<br /><br />It instead emphasizes following ones ' instincts and being somewhat introspective about them , to grow into one 's ideal , adult self . NOTE : This is n't an action movie ! ! ! It uses an occasional voice - over narration ( by Ms. Judd ) while writing in her journal -- and oh , I see I 've just lost the male half of the readers out there . But be patient with this beautiful movie , where we learn that one 's bliss can be discovered in -- oh , I dunno , carrying water and chopping wood.<br /><br />Actor / director / writer Todd Field , who played Nick Nightingale in " Eyes Wide Shut , " co - stars as Ruby Lee 's noble love interest , one who helps her heal her idea of relationships implanted from youth.<br /><br />But not even his character is the answer for Ruby Lee : There 's no external hero imposed upon her . The ultimate message is that we are responsible for ourselves . Writer / director Victor Nunez , who also wrote / directed " Ulee 's Gold , " did an amazing job showing a young woman growing into herself -- confronting age - old challenges of good v. evil along the way.<br /><br />The supporting cast is also stellar , and the music used , particularly the cuts by chanteuse Sam Phillips ( whom I hear is the wife of T. Bone Burnett ) , is right on -- most especially " Trying to Hold on to the Earth . " Now , when I hear the first few chords of that song , tears spring to my eyes , Pavlovian and unbidden -- not sure if it 's the music , or the indelible connection to the movie 's quiet , charming message of empowerment.<br /><br />This movie is highly recommended for any young person trying to find his / her way . For any woman of any age , it is a must see ! The downside : It is NOT on DVD , except in Spanish . ( We learned , however , that it is legal to make one copy of a VHS version , which can be readily found online . My beloved husband found someone with a VHS copy and got a DVD copy made for me . ) Although this treasure of a movie occasionally pops up on - air – on an indie channel , usually – you ca n't count on that when you might need it most as a tonic to soothe the pressures of the world . So buy a copy for yourself.<br /><br />This movie should have a major re - release , and it would , if I were Queen of Hollywood.<br /><br />-- Figgy Jones
1 This was the first movie I ever saw Ashley Judd in and the first film of Victor Nunez ' that I ever say , and boy am I glad I did . Its ' quiet tone , its ' relaxed pace , its ' realistic depiction of a young woman just starting out in life , its ' fine depiction of the struggles she has to go through to make her mark in life , the decisions she makes based on real things , the people she meets - there is nothing wrong with this movie . It is as close to movie magic as I have ever seen outside of the " Star Wars " movies , and , given what those films are like , that means this film deserves a high rating indeed . Ashley Judds ' acting , Mr. Nunez'writing , and its ' great simple worthwhile story make this a fine coming - of - age story and a wonderful movie .
1 This will be a different kind of review . I 've seen this movie twice on TV and would like to have a copy because it talks about Panama City and the beach in the winter time which is my favorite time to be there . It was the first movie I 'd seen by Ashley Judd and she was great and I 've enjoyed every other thing I 've seen her in . Sundance 's reaction made an impression on me too , as did the director , Victor Nunez , who has directed and written several movies about Florida . This movie speaks to me and I 've seen nothing with which to compare it . The plot speaks less to me than the surroundings . Well , I told you it would be a different kind of review .
1 Victor Nunez imbues this unsentimental tale of a young woman 's emotional journey with a sense of poetry seldom seen in cinema . By poetry I mean the sense in which the literary and the cinematic come into play . There is something very literary about the film , almost as if a novel has been adapted page by page to screen . In this sense , the film achieves depths many can not ; but it is also rather slow at other times , undercutting the depths it once achieved in favor of ennui . The film 's star Ashley Judd has not yet made a better film than her debut here . She fits the role of lead Ruby like a glove , almost as if she did n't have to act . She has true movie star presence in the film , and has n't really managed to convey the same allure in her later films , although she was impressive in Normal Life .
1 My brother brought this movie home from the rental store and I remember expecting it to be such a bore . I think the title especially put me off . I ca n't ever remember starting a movie with such low expectations and being so completely won over . I watched the movie twice before I let my brother take it back to the store . It is very infrequent that a movie speaks to me the way this one did . I was completely caught up in Ruby 's situation as she tries to make her way through her life . The bad thing about this movie is that it seems to end so quickly . I could have kept watching for hours . Another downside is that I have been unsatisfied with everything Ashley Judd has done since . She is so perfect in this movie . This film is easily in my top ten favorites of all time .
1 In the sea of crap that Hollywood ( and others ) continue to put out , this is one of those diamonds in the rough . A small , simple movie that is very entertaining and leaves you with the feeling that you did n't just waste an hour and a half of your life.<br /><br />Ashley Judd is really quite amazing in this movie . I had never really been a fan or had noticed her before but going back and seeing this early performance of hers convinced me she 's extremely talented.<br /><br />Watching this film was an assignment in a college course for me so I was skeptical I would even care . I thought , " Oh boy , some dumb chic flick or feminist male - bashing indie crap ... " I was pleasantly surprised . Without analyzing the many relevant themes , I 'll just say , if you have n't seen it , do yourself a favor and check it out . Sometimes the down - to - earth , slice - of - life movies are the best , and this is a great one .
1 Another one of those films you hear about from friends ( ... or read about on IMDb ) . Not many false notes in this one . I could see just about everything here actually happening to a young girl fleeing from a dead - end home town in Tennessee to Florida , with all her worldly possessions in an old beaten - up car.<br /><br />The heroine , Ruby , makes some false starts , but learns from them . I found myself wondering why , why did n't she lean a bit more on Mike 's shoulder , but ... she has her reasons , as it turns out.<br /><br />Just a fine film . The only thing I do n't much like about it , I think , is the title .
1 This is an intimate movie of a sincere girl in the real world out of Hollywood 's cheap fantasy is a very good piece of its class , and Ashley Judd fills the role impeccably . It may appear slow for thrill seekers though . Cool movie for a calm night.<br /><br / >
1 Allison Dean 's performance is what stands out in my mind watching this film . She balances out the melancholy tone of the film with an iridescent energy . I would like to see more of her .
1 I love Ashley Judd and think all of her movies are great . Ruby < br /><br />in Paradise is one of her best . It is a very understated movie that you really have to watch close to appreciate it . A story of a woman trying to make it on her own and refusing to give in to temptations that would make her life easy . Some of her movies such as Kiss The Girls and Time to Kill probably did better at the box office and video rentals . They were very good movies < br /><br />also , but take the time to really look at Ruby and I think you will agree it is one of Ashley 's Best.<br /><br / >
1 This movie captures the essence of growing up in smalltown America for a young girl on her own . The realism and subtle nuances , offered to Ashley Judd 's character , Ruby , by the storyline , capture what can only be described as a true to life setting in the panhandle of Florida . From the slam of a screen door , to the lack of work , the echoes of what life is really like on the " red - neck riviera " provide rough choices for the young girl . Paradise did not come easy . But she slowly overcomes obstacles and deceit , and learns to be her own woman , with a strength that flows from within . Ashley Judd 's winning smile , and infectious gait exude warmth and command respect and admiration . The careful pace of the character development resembles that of " Ulee 's Gold " in 1997 , starring Peter Fonda , and also directed by Victor Nunez .
1 This movie was directed by Victor Nunez who also wrote the screenplay ( Ulee 's Gold ) . Nice and straightforward writing , that was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award , looking at Ruby 's day to day life . What we see is a slice in the life of the young woman Ruby . Ashley Judd ( Sisters ) won the Independent Spirit Award Best Female Lead for this role . Ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity . She explores jobs , friendships , boy friends , sex , a typical young adult search . The movie won Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival . As an independent film enthusiast I picked the movie because of Sundance . I appreciate this type of movie , because it does not carry the Hollywood baggage.<br /><br />Although the stories are completely different this reminded me of Nobody 's Fool , staring Paul Newman . The later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man . I like that . The story is very nicely told , and all we had to do was sit and enjoy the story . The only thing I am not sure about is the title . I am sure that there are not that many bugs , and flies in paradise as there are in Florida . As I am allergic to mosquitos , Florida is no paradise to me , I itch all over thinking about Florida . I turn into a complete red boil . I recommend this movie ! Favorite scenes : Ruby and her friend Rochelle Bridges , played by Allison Dean walking at the beach of Panama City , Florida . Indeed the sand is very white . I have been there . Favorite Quotes : " Necessity has always been a good excuse . " " All that fuss over finding a man is not at all different now , who is going to be and when and why." < br /><br / >
1 I 've just watch 2 films of Pang brothers , The Eye and One take only . When I watched The Eye , I was kind of disappointed about this two guys , who I had heard good words about them before . That film ( The Eye ) has a really bad script , especially the ending ( childish , cliche and too coincident in my opinion ) , but its still good in photography and experimental images . So I decided to see One take only and I did n't disappointed again . Still great photography , stunning image , MTV - style editing , cool music and this time , the story has a lot of indie spirit , logical and beautiful , you 'll see some tiny plot holes , but it does n't cause any trouble with the storyline . The only problem about this film is I get a bad DVD .
1 It was fabulous ! The photography , editing , cinematography , music combined to transport us to the dangerous side of a tourist destination . It was the enjoyment of " slumming , " without going through the danger . We were there ! The dream sequences and flashback - sequence - ending were fresh . It spoke to me . Keep up the good work ! Another of that genre is City of God . Also - do n't laugh ! - the comedy , Desperately Seeking Susan . Nice ensemble types , with great performances by all . Sorry , I think Training Day fits that genre as well , with fantastic performances by an ensemble cast . I had to switch the channel on some of the gritty sequences , but all - in - all , a great film !
1 A young girl surviving as a prostitute.<br /><br />A cheap hustler who wants to get the big score.<br /><br />They meet each other in Thailand . You may think by the opening titles it 's going to be a violent movie but it is also a story of love with two persons in their own struggle to get the money for a better way of life . This film feels like an essay sometimes because of its changes of images , but still refreshing . This story is also about Eros and Thanatos . " It 's not an original joke but it is well told " says a character and that also applies to this one : We 've seen the story but this way we see it . Thailand appears in hot tones , the photograph going from one colored to a multicolored place . And it captures the city as the cage of this imperfect persons . There is also a good use of the music to dot the actions .
1 the photography was beautiful but i had difficulty understanding what was happening ... was there a lot of symbolism ? ... the 2 goldfishes - do they mean something in Thai culture ? there 's not much plot , not much happens and it just meanders along . no real start , no real middle and no real end . rather unsatisfying really.<br /><br />It was difficult to get into the characters as you never felt you got to know them ... it was difficult to know which scenes were imaginary and which were real . The move felt chaotic and disjointed . I do n't know what the pang brothers were hoping to achieve . Maybe if I were Thai it would make more sense ...
1 At the Academy Awards ceremony on March 27 , 1957 , Dorothy Malone won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her torrid , over - the - top portrayal of a spoiled heiress of a Texas oil tycoon in WRITTEN ON THE WIND . The 1956 potboiler , adapted from Robert Wilder 's novel , was a veritable three - ring - circus showcasing alcoholism , greed , impotence and nymphomania.<br /><br />Malone 's performance as Marylee Hadley , a lonely rich girl who picks up men to assuage the pain of rejection from a former childhood sweetheart , was representative of the movie as a whole . Mesmerizing to watch even as it resorts to the " lowest -common- denominator " melodrama , WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately the work of one man , the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk , an émigré from pre -World War 2 Weimar Germany who left his European theater heritage behind to pursue a career in Hollywood.<br /><br />An extremely erudite man , Sirk made a name for himself in the 1950 's as Universal Studios ' reliable director of lavish soap operas , most notably with Ross Hunter 's productions of MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION , ALL THAT HEAVEN ALLOWS and IMITATION OF LIFE . Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limiting constraints of Universal 's demure entertainments and create a more adult , " sensational " product , hence the sultry WIND and its follow - up , 1957 's TARNISHED ANGELS , both released under the Universal International banner . It 's anyone 's guess why Sirk did n't pursue loftier themes , but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas appealed more to his artistic sensibilities . WRITTEN ON THE WIND could be considered Sirk 's epic soap opera ; indeed , it is so rife with human vulnerability and neurosis as depicted among the very rich that it is as compelling to watch as any real life domestic squabble among the rich and famous , perhaps more so . Robert Stack ( not an actor typically known for over -emoting ) nearly matches Malone in intensity with his offering of the weak- willed brother Kyle Hadley , a mere shadow of his patriarchal father . When he finds out that he is unable to impregnate his new bride ( a beautifully leonine Lauren Bacall ) , Hadley goes off the deep end , escalating an already serious drinking problem with a " secret " gun fetish that threatens to make him a human time bomb . Both brother and sister , as venal and unlikeable as they are , are presented as victims of their past , giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous ( and far more interesting than the ' good " side of the family , mainly Bacall and the impossibly handsome Rock Hudson , young Hadley 's old boyhood friend and business associate , a surrogate son to the old man and Malone ' s unattainable object of desire . ) Despite all the domestic co - dependency on display , it 's not so much the story that is memorable here as the way it is filmed . With a real panache for pictorial composition and editing , director Sirk draws his audience into this picture with the most heightened Technicolor cinematography imaginable : every single shot in this film is an eye - filling canvas of saturated colors , from the sight of a tank - like pink Cadillac pulling up to an enormous mansion 's front doors to the garish decor of a luxury Miami hotel , a spectrum of hues almost blinding in their diversity . Action and dramatic scenes feature Sirk 's adept use of tilted camera angles , shadowy lighting and cross - cut editing , shown to greatest effect in the scene where a rebellious , drunken Malone dances uninhibitedly in her upstairs bedroom to the loud blaring of a record player while her stricken father precariously ascends the huge staircase ; the scene is so riveting that you swear you are experiencing a great oedipal drama unfold . What you 're really watching is trash of an enormously entertaining kind , gussied up in lurid Technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius .
1 Robert Stack never really got over losing a Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role as Kyle in " Written on the Wind " to Anthony Quinn 's 12-minute performance in " Lust for Life . " Stack plays the deeply disturbed , alcoholic son of an oil tycoon . He has lived his life in the shadow of the friend with whom he was raised , Mitch , played by Rock Hudson . They both love the same woman , Lucy , ( Lauren Bacall ) , who becomes Kyle 's wife . Kyle 's sister , Marylee ( Dorothy Malone ) , is a drunken slut who 's in love with Mitch . Their story plays out in glorious color under the able direction of Douglas Sirk , who really dominated the melodrama field with some incredible films , including " Imitation of Life , " " All that Heaven Allows , " " Magnificent Obsession , " and many others.<br /><br />Make no mistake - this is a potboiler , and Stack and Dorothy Malone make the most of their roles , Malone winning a Best Supporting Actress Oscar . There 's one amazing scene , mentioned in other comments , where she wildly dances to loud music as her father collapses and dies on the staircase . We 're led to believe that Marylee sleeps with everyone , including the guy that pumps the gas , because she 's in love with Mitch . Mitch wants nothing to do with her . He 's so in love with Lucy that , out of loyalty to Kyle , he wants to go to work in Iran to avoid temptation . I doubt he 'd be so anxious to get there today no matter how much in love he was.<br /><br />Hudson and Bacall have the less exciting roles here - Hudson 's Mitch is the good guy who 's been cleaning up Kyle 's messes for his entire life , and Bacall is Mitch 's wife who finds herself in a nightmare when her husband starts drinking again after a year of sobriety . Sirk focuses on the more volatile supporting players.<br /><br />In Sirk 's hands , " Written on the Wind " is an effective film , and the big scene toward the end in the mansion is particularly exciting . The director had a gift for this type of movie , and though he had many imitators , he never had an equal .
1 It is ironic that during the ' 50s , when Douglas Sirk was at his most successful in terms of audience appeal , he was virtually ignored by the critics …  He is now seen , however , as a director of formidable intellect who achieved his best work in melodrama … < br /><br />"Written on the Wind " is about the downfall of a Texan oil dynasty surrounded by worthless reputation , alcoholism , and nymphomania …  It is about the twisted , fatal connections between sex , power , and money ... <br /><br />Stack draws a compelling portrait of a tormented drunken destroyed by frustration , arrogance , jealousy , insanity , and some deep insecurities … < br /><br />Dorothy Malone succeeds as an attractive woman with an excessive sexual appetites , degrading herself for Hudson and to other fellows in town …  Her best line : " I 'm filthy . " In one frantic scene , we see her shaking , quivering and sweating to a provocative mambo …  In another weeping alone over a model oil - derrick at her father 's desk—symbol of excessive wealth and masculine tyranny … < br /><br />The frenetic atmosphere is both made palatable and intensified by Sirk 's magnificent use of colors , lights , and careful use of mirrors …
1 Director Douglas Sirk once said ` there 's a very short distance between high art and trash , and trash that contains craziness is by this very quality nearer to art ' . This statement defines his cinema perfectly , a very unique body of work that includes classic stage adaptations , adventure and war films , westerns and of course , his famous melodramas.<br /><br />Sirk 's melodramas were , as the very word signifies , dramas with music . The music sets the tone for his masterful style , and every stroke of his brush ( Sirk was also a painter ) leaves a powerful image on the screen - turned - canvas . But this ai n't life but its representation , an imitation of life . Sirk never tried to show reality , on the contrary . None of the directors of his generation made a better use of all the technical devices provided by Hollywood ( most notably Technicolor ) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing . Let 's remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films turned its attention into the social drama ( Blackboard jungle , Rebel without a cause ) . Sirk always knew that cinema was meant to be something else.<br /><br />Another of Sirk 's statements summarizes this : ` You ca n't reach , or touch , the real . You just see reflections . If you try to grasp happiness itself your fingers only meet glass ' . I defy anybody that has seen Written on the wind to count the amount of mirrors and images reflected that appear on screen . One ends up giving up.<br /><br />Therefore , we are in a hall full of mirrors where there 's no difference between real and its false copy . Nobody can say that the Hadley are real people . That town ai n't real either , with those hideous oil pumps all over the place . So in this realm the acting is affected , the decore is fake , the trick is visible . Everything is pushed a little bit off the limit ( the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower , for example ) . Sirk was criticizing and theorizing at the same time.<br /><br />`The angles are the director 's thoughts ; the lighting is his philosophy ' . In Written on the wind we follow the fall of a traditional way of life both in a geometrical way and in terms of light and shadows . The Hadleys house , with its different levels connected by the spiral staircase operates in a strictly metaphorical way . A house that resembles a mausoleum , that no party can cheer up . As tragedy progresses from luminous daylight to shadowy night , Sirk 's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters , and so are the colours of the clothes they wear . Drama is thus incorporated to every element at the service of the director 's craft.<br /><br />Sirk considered himself a ` story bender ' , because he bended the standard material he was assigned with to his style and purpose . Written on the wind is a good example . It would n't work in any other hands.<br /><br />The other director that was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin , who was for 50 's comedy the same that Sirk was for melodrama . Their films are full of the machinery of american life -advertising , TV sets , jukeboxes , washing machines , sport cars , vacuum cleaners- to depict its emptiness and decay . I 'm inclined to think that their films were regarded in a different way by their contemporary audiences . The game was played by both sides , so it was camp . Now we regard them as ` cult ' or ` bizarre ' , because we are not those spectators anymore . That is why Todd Haynes 's homage ` Far from heaven ' turns into a pastiche , because it reproduces Sirk 's work nowadays as if nothing happened in between . Then Sirk turns exactly into that painting hanging in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film.<br /><br />Sirk understood the elements of melodrama perfectly . There were always immovable characters ( Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here ) against which he could assemble a series of split ones . His balance through antithesis is remarkable and not surprisingly we root for the split characters , because these are the ones Sirk is interested in too . When Robert Stack flies the plane and ` tempts ' Lauren Bacall with all sorts of mundane comforts of the world below them ( obvious Faustian echoes ) we are strangely fascinated with him too , as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac little sister painfully evokes her past with Mitch alone by the river.<br /><br />In the Sirk 's universe the studio often - imposed ` happy ends ' have no negative impact . In fact they worked just great . Sirk was fond of greek tragedy and considered happy endings the Deux ex machinea of his day . Thus the final courtroom scene fits well and one must also remember that the whole film is told in flashback , so we know from the very beginning that tragedy will fall nevertheless over the Hadley feud.<br /><br />It was pointed out the many similarities between Written on the Wind with the Godfather saga . I absolutely agree and I 'm sure the parallel is not incidental . Both share the theme of the old powerful father head trying to keep his empire going while protecting his family . The temperamental son portrayed by Robert Stack has an amazing physical resemblance with Jimmy Caan 's Sonny Corleone . The action of fighting her sister 's male friend is symmetrical . The non - son in which the old man put his trust is also common in both films , as the fact that both families carry the names of their town . Even details as the gate that gives access to the property , and the surroundings of the house covered by leaves , suggest that Coppola had Written on the Wind in mind while setting his masterwork . Because both films deal with the subject of Power : the acquisition of power , its manipulation and legacy ( even Kyle Hadley 's sterility , the event that hastens the turmoil , is an issue easily tied to the central theme of Power , in this case , a weakness in sexual power ) . The other great film that deals with power and uses american life as its representation is Citizen Kane . One would n't think at first of similarities between Welles and Sirk 's films but there are a good many , starting with the petrol business as the origin of the family 's fortune and ending in the fact that Mitch Wayne ( Rock Hudson ) , as Charles Foster Kane , was adopted by a tutor , having his own father alive . Amazingly , the same actor ( Harry Shannon ) perform both Wayne and Kane 's fathers . This detail is can not be a coincidence.<br /><br />Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect , in execution and vision , in style and technique , a highlight in the career of this wonderful director . Some say that this is his best film . In my opinion , ` Magnificent obsession ' , ` All that heaven allows ' , ` There 's always tomorrow ' and ` Imitation of life ' are just as good . And for those who put Sirk in the level of Dallas or Dinasty I wish them no happy end .
1 Rich , alcoholic Robert Stack falls in love with secretary Lauren Bacall . He marries her and is so happy he stops drinking . However , Bacall is secretly loved by Stacks ' best friend , Rock Hudson . And Stacks ' nymphomaniac sister , Dorothy Malone , lusts after Rock . Throw in a few complications and the movie goes spinning out of control ( in a good way).<br /><br />Very glossy movie in beautiful Technicolor with jaw - dropping fashions and furnishings ( check out Bacall 's hotel room at the beginning ) . Everybody looks perfect and dresses in beautiful , form - fitting clothes . Basically this is a soap opera with grade A production values . The story itself is lots of fun and some of the dialogue at the beginning is hilariously over the top . The acting by Hudson , Stack and Bacall is n't that good , but seeing them so young and glamorous is great ... especially Stack ... when he smiled my knees went weak ! Dorothy Malone , on the other hand , is fantastic -- she deservedly won Best Supporting Actress for her role . She 's sexy , violent , vicious and sympathetic ... all convincingly . < br /><br />Fun , glossy trash . Do n't miss it !
1 Does any one know what the 2 sports cars were ? I think Robert Stack 's might have been a Masseratti . Rock Hudson 's character told his father he was taking a job in Iraq , is n't that timely ? I have had Dorthy Malone in my spank bank most of my life , maybe this was the film that impressed me . Loren Bacall sure did have some chops in this film and probably out - acted Malone but Malones 's part made a more sensational impact so she got the Oscar for best supporting role . Was Loren 's part considered a leading role?Old man Hadley character was was probably a pretty common picture of tycoons of his era in that he was a regular guy who made it big in an emerging industry but in building a whole town he had forgotten his children to have his wife bring them up . In time , being widowed he realized that they were all he really had and they were spoiled rotten , looking for attention , so rather than try to relate to his children he blew his head off . An ancient morality tale . But seriously , what were those sports cars ?
1 Another in the they do n't make em like that category . This story of a family with some real skeletons in its closet still qualifies as good clean , sometimes over - the - top fun . Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are at their peak as the troubled Hadley siblings , and they really took the roles and ran with them . Malone won an Oscar and Stack was nominated in the supporting categories , both honors being eminently well - deserved . They counterbalance the somewhat bland leads . Neither Bacall nor Hudson could ever be called bad actors , but they 've both had better parts and played them far more convincingly than they do here . It 's kind of hard for me to accept Rock Hudson playing such a red - blooded heterosexual as he does here , but that 's more of a personal bias than anything else . But that does n't take away from the movie 's overall entertainment value , which is considerable and this movie is extremely watchable . If you 're up some night and this movie comes on I 'd say watch it . It 's well worth it .
1 " Written on the Wind " was an enormously successful Universal picture . It could only be done by Douglas Sirk , a man who saw the possibilities in the material he was given . Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation by George Zuckerman , it had all the elements that make an excellent melodrama : nymphomania , a large oil fortune , alcoholism , incest and a mild touch of homosexuality . Mr. Sirk laid the path for what would follow later on in the soap operas genre , mainly , " Dallas " and " Dynasty " , just to mention two.<br /><br />The fact is this movie was shot entirely inside a studio . Most of the decor is phony . Like a lot of those 1950s pictures , " Written on the Wind " was shot entirely in a studio lot . Just look at the scenes that are supposed to take place in Manhattan , or Miami , or even the lake are , one can see how the scenery is a painted backdrop . Mr. Sirk could n't care less about realism as long as he could tell the story his own way.<br /><br />We recently caught a screening , part of a revival of Mr. Sirk 's work , where people were laughing at some of the most dramatic moments , especially during the scenes where Rock Hudson , who plays the good Mitch Wayne , appears . There is also something graphic in the way that both Robert Keith , who plays the patriarch Jasper Hadley , and later on his own daughter , the evil Marylee , caress the oil derrick that adorns the elder man 's desk , a sort of phallic object d'art.<br /><br />Douglas Sirk probably wanted his cast to give over the top performances , which makes sense in the way Dorothy Malone portrays the nymphomaniac Marylee , and to a certain degree , Robert Stack , who overacts as Kyle , the tormented heir of the story . That would probably be the easy explanation of what comes across the screen . The only one that seems normal is Lauren Bacall , who was n't asked to make her Lucy Moore character appear to be anything but a grounded person caught hanging out with the wrong crowd.<br /><br />Together with his other Hollywood movies , " Written on the Wind " shows the genius of a talented director who gave the public just what they wanted to see : stories bigger than life that could only be seen on the big screen
1 Fabulous film ! Rented the DVD recently and was floored by this stunning piece of work . Douglas Sirk was a filmmaking genius and he gets performances out of Rock Hudson , Dorothy Malone ( Oscar winner ) , Robert Stack ( Oscar nominated ) , and Lauren Bacall that words can not describe . Paul Verhoeven brilliantly payed homage to this film by having Dorothy Malone play Sharon Stone 's murdering inspirational guru in his Basic Instinct . What a great joke!<br /><br / > By turns the film is hilarious , riveting , campy , biting , trashy , compelling , and eye rolling ! It 's definately the grandaddy of every tawdry big - and - little screen soap opera but none have had the dazzling style like you 'll see here : the camera work is smooth and polished , the use of color is breathtaking , the opening montage set to the title song is beyond memorable , the one dimensional characters are unforgettable , and the final image will have you scratching your head as to how the censors back then let it make the final cut!<br /><br / > While most older , highly regarded films can sometimes be a boring chore to sit through , Written on the Wind contains so much and goes by so fast that it 's actually a shame when it ends . Thank you to Mr. Sirk for crafting -and Todd Haynes for drawing attention to- what has now become one of my favorite films of all time ! SEE THIS MOVIE ! ! !
1 On 24 October 1955 , the hard - work geologist of the Hadley Oil Company Mitch Wayne ( Rock Hudson ) meets the executive secretary Lucy Moore ( Lauren Bacall ) in the office of her boss Bill Ryan in New York and invites her to go to a conference with the alcoholic playboy and son of a tycoon Kyle Hadley ( Robert Stack ) . On the way of the meeting , he confesses that they had traveled from Houston to New York to satisfy the wish of the reckless Kyle , who is his best friend since their childhood , of eating a sandwich from club 21 and the meeting was just a pretext to Kyle 's father Jasper Hadley ( Robert Keith ) . Mitch and Kyle immediately fall in love for Lucy , and Kyle unsuccessfully uses his money to impress Lucy ; then he opens his heart and proposes Lucy . They get married and travel to Acapulco and the insecure Kyle stops drinking . Meanwhile , Kyle 's sister Marylee ( Dorothy Malone ) is an easy woman and has a non- corresponded crush on Mitch that sees her as a sister . One year later , Kyle discovers that he has a problem and might be sterile and starts drinking again . The jealous Marylee poisons Kyle telling that his wife and Mitch are having a love affair . When Lucy finds that she is pregnant , Kyle believes that the baby belongs to Mitch and his mistrust leads to a tragedy . < br /><br />"Written on the Wind " is an overrated melodramatic soap opera , with artificial characters and situations . There are at least two great movies with characters with drinking problem : " The Lost Weekend " ( 1945 ) with stunning performance of Ray Milland and " Days of Wine and Roses " ( 1962 ) with awesome performance of Jack Lemmon . Robert Stack has a reasonable performance and his character 's motives for drinking are shallow and clichés . In the end , the forgettable " Written on the Wind " is entertaining only and never a feature to be nominated to the Oscar . My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Palavras ao Vento " ( " Words in the Wind " )
1 The absolute summum of the oeuvre of that crafty Dane Douglas Sirk ( born Detlef Sierck ) , Written on the Wind compels our prurient attention in every gaudy frame . From its justly famous opening sequence , with the leaves blowing into the baronial foyer of a Texas mansion and the wind riffling the pages of the calendar into a flashback , the movie compresses into its 99 minutes all the familial intrigue that was to fuel such later , little - screen knockoffs as Dallas , Dynasty and Falcon Crest over their years - long runs.<br /><br />The combination of wealth and dysfunction is a theme Americans , in our dollar - based society , find irresistible . Brother and sister Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are the spoiled , troubled heirs to the Hadly oil fortune ; boyhood chum Rock Hudson and new bride Lauren Bacall are the sane outsiders who try to keep the lid on the roiling cauldron . ( It 's been rumored that the story was based on Libby Holmann 's marriage into Reynolds tobacco money . ) As always , the misfits get all the scenery to chew -- and the best lines to spit out ( Malone , in her Oscar - nabbing performance as the boozing nymphomaniac with a jones for Hudson , gets to detonate a whole fireworks display of them ) . Hudson , while good , ca n't compete with all this over - the - top emoting ; Bacall starts out strong but grows recessive , a mere plot convenience . No matter ; with a succession of set - pieces shot in extravagant hues , Sirk gives an object lesson in how to turn out overwrought melodrama set in the lush consumer paradise of late-50s America . Nobody ever did it better .
1 " Written on the Wind " is a Douglas Sirk 's melodrama . Douglas Sirk was rediscovered by the " Cahiers du Cinema " , Fassbinder etc .. that hailed him as a master director - I think that it is because of the sophistication of his cinematography - " Written on the Wind " offers luscious color images and gorgeous decors . But I ask myself : Is this enough to carry a film ? The acting in " Written on the Wind " ranges from weak to fair ( excepting Robert Stack - he is convincing as the weak & spoiled playboy ) . Lauren Bacall , normally a powerful presence in the screen , is miscast in this film . Dorothy Malone as the seductress , the care - free " femme fatale " is OK , but she lacks the strength for the role . Rock Hudson is efficient but vapid .<br /><br />The plot has very interesting ingredients . The main characters are : < br /><br />A rigid patriarch < br /><br />his alcoholic son Kyle ( Robert Stack ) ( never loved by the disappointed father ) < br /><br />his frustrated and nymphomaniac daughter Marylee ( Dorothy Malone)<br /><br />Lucy ( Lauren Bacall ) - a woman of principles , formerly a secretary and now married to Kyle < br /><br />Mitch ( Rock Hudson ) - brought up together with Kyle and loved by the patriarch . < br /><br />Secrets beyond the door , a love triangle , frustration , fistfights , laughter , death etc . - well , when I read the story summary on the back cover of the DVD I thought that I was in for a treat . My mistake ! Why ? I 'll try to explain : " Written on the Wind " takes itself seriously and tries to tell a dramatic story . As I said before the acting , in general , is not good enough - the intensity is lacking . There are many strong scenes in the story , but the actors just do an efficient job . I think that maybe with Italian or Spanish actors those scenes would have been explored fully - they would end ( for us ) in an explosion of laughter or tears .<br /><br />What remains to us is the beautiful cinematography of Douglas Sirk . For me this is not enough . If you want to enjoy a good melodrama , see " Aventurera " .
1 Lauren Bacall was living through husband Humprey Bogarts illness & death when she did this film . Rock Hudson was near the top of his 1950 's stardom . Dorothy Malone is in excellent form , and wins an Oscar for support . Robert Stack is nominated & falls just short for his role.<br /><br />The story is a little soapy from another time but just as worthwhile as most dramas . Amazing how well drunks can drive in this film & also how quickly Stack sobers up in a couple of the films early sequences.<br /><br />You can see why the cast is so good & actually production wise this film is very good . You can tell Bacall is distracted during this film as while her acting is fine , she looks emotionally drained in some sequences.<br /><br />The sexual references in this film are so mild , that many of today 's young viewers would not realize what they are . Film does a good job telling a story & actually leaves a sequel to be made at the end though none ever was made- though Written Beyond THe Wind would be a good title .
1 This gloriously turgid melodrama represents Douglas Sirk at his most high strung . It eschews the soft wistfulness of " All That Heaven Allows " and the weepy sentimentality of " Imitation of Life " and instead goes for feverish angst and overheated tension . And of course , it 's all captured in vibrant Technicolor.<br /><br />The cornball story has something to do with a friendship between Rock Hudson and Robert Stack that becomes a rivalry when Hudson snags the affections of Lauren Bacall , but who 's really paying attention to the story ? Dorothy Malone won a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award for her splendidly over - the - top performance as Stack 's sister , who takes the family business into her own hands when no one else will . A highlight of the film comes when this high - spirited wild child breaks into a frantic dance in her bedroom , unable to bear the restraints placed upon her by middle - class propriety . As so frequently happens in Sirk movies , the scene is both unintentionally hilarious in its absurdity and yet strangely moving in its effectiveness.<br /><br />Sirk came closer than anyone else to turning pure camp into high art , satisfying the philistines and the high brows at the same time within the same films . His was a unique talent and I do n't know that there 's ever been another film maker quite like him since.<br /><br />Grade : A-
1 Stack should have received the Academy Award for this performance , period . Its a crime that he did not . Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character . < br /><br />Dorothy Malone did earn a well - deserved Academy Award for her performance . In fact , all of the acting in this film is excellent.<br /><br />The plot begins with a taxi ride , then an airplane ride , then keeps moving on an emotional ride that will hold your interest throughout . You will be entertained!<br /><br />However , this is only a blatant soap opera . One - dimensional , 100-percent soaper . You might call it the ultimate soaper , because the acting so thoroughly triumphs over the material . Excellently acted , well directed , but strictly within its soap genre . I would n't even call it a melodrama ( such as " Mildred Pierce " or " Imitation of Life " ) . While not denying the great entertainment value of this film , you can only imagine what this talented cast and director might have achieved with more substantial subject matter .
1 After playing a nymphomaniac in WRITTEN ON THE WIND , Dorothy Malone finally said good - bye to her sweet sister / wife roles and demonstrated an ability to play mantraps with the best of them . She and Gloria Grahame played the same sort of tramps -- and for her efforts here in a very manipulative role , Malone won a Best Supporting Actress Oscar.<br /><br />The film she 's in is not quite up to Oscar standards , but it is a strong enough melodrama under Douglas Sirk 's capable hands . There 's an almost noirish look to the explosive opening scene and it sets the tone for the rest of the sudsy fireworks in a story that has ROCK HUDSON , LAUREN BACALL , ROBERT STACK and DOROTHY MALONE as its headliners.<br /><br />Domestic squabbles among the inhabitants of a wealthy family with an oil background are the primary focus of the drama , with the accent on the strong supporting players , Stack and Malone . Both of them seize the opportunity with both hands and Stack , too , should have been awarded for his sterling job as the weak , alcoholic brother driven to desperation by his own wild motives.<br /><br />The nominal stars have less impressive work to do , but do it with their usual skill and conviction -- Hudson and Bacall . They play their more sympathetic roles with quiet authority and understanding.<br /><br />The use of color is particularly striking ( as it usually is in a Sirk film ) and yet it does n't preclude me from thinking of the film as a Technicolor film noir in the vein of LEAVE HER TO HEAVEN.<br /><br />Well worth watching with some interesting performances from the entire cast .
1 Douglas Sirk directs this over - acted drama about the unhappy affluent . Kyle Hadley(Robert Stack)and Mitch Wayne(Rock Hudson ) are boyhood friends with different looks on life . Kyle is the womanizing son of an oil tycoon ; Mitch works for the Hadley Oil Company . Both fall in love with the same woman , Lucy Moore ; but it is Kyle that has the means to wow her off her feet and marry her . Sister Marylee(Dorothy Malone)seems to be the town 's nymphomaniac and carrying a torch for Mitch , who always seems to be the one to clean up the Hadley 's messes . Ambitious with pretension ; a little over the top , but the stars make it a movie to see . I was most impressed with Malone . Rounding out the cast : Robert Keith , Edward Platt , John Lurch and Robert J. Wilke .
1 Another classic study of the effects of wealth on a southern family is masterfully depicted in Written on the Wind.<br /><br />Kyle Hadley has it all . Wealth , a plane , you name it . Kyle 's best friend , Mitch , has always gotten him out of difficulty . Mitch finished college , Kyle got thrown out . Mitch is not from a wealthy home . Kyle 's family , with Hadley Oil , controls most of everything in the town.<br /><br />While in N.Y. , Kyle meets the girl of his dreams , nicely played by Lauren Bacall . After a whirlwind romance , he marries her and brings her home . There she meets her father - in - law who warns her how difficult Kyle can be . Kyle sleeps with a gun under his pillow . The Bacall character meets Kyle 's sister , Mary Lee , a tramp if ever there were , played to the fullest by Dorothy Malone , who was voted best supporting actress.<br /><br />Rock Hudson plays Mitch , the faithful friend.<br /><br />A year of wedded bliss for Kyle and his bride ends when Kyle is told by the doctor that he ca n't have children . It is when his wife reveals to him that she is indeed pregnant , Kyle , thinking that the child is Mitch 's , goes on a drunken frenzy and is accidentally shot dead in a memorable scene.<br /><br />Mary Lee , who has always loved Mitch , tries but is unsuccessful in blaming Mitch for Kyle 's death . In a memorable courtroom scene , Malone pulled out all the stops in finally admitting that Kyle 's death was an unfortunate accident . Her Oscar was well deserved.<br /><br />Surprisingly , Robert Stack , brilliant as Kyle Hadley , was nominated for best supporting actor and lost in an upset victory by Anthony Quinn , as Paul Gauguin , in Lust for Life.<br /><br />Douglas Sirk was the master of soap opera films of the 1950s . Written on the Wind is no exception . * * * 1/2 .
1 One thing about Hollywood , someone has a success and it 's always rushed to be copied . And another thing is that players give some of their best performances away from their home studio.<br /><br />Rock Hudson got such accolades for his performance in the Texas based film Giant that Universal executives must have thought , let 's quick get him into another modern Texas setting.<br /><br />Similarly Robert Stack got great reviews for The High and the Mighty as the pilot who was cracking under the strain of flying a damaged aircraft that it was natural to give him another crack up role.<br /><br />Both of these ends were achieved in Written on the Wind . Before Hudson was the big ranch owner , now he 's the son of a hunting companion of Robert Stack 's father who took Hudson under his wing . In other words the James Dean part without the James Dean racism from Giant . < br /><br />Lauren Bacall is the executive secretary of an advertising agency that Stack 's Hadley Oil Company uses . Hudson likes her , but she 's dazzled by Stack 's millions and when he woos a girl he 's got the means to really pursue a campaign . She marries Stack.<br /><br />And last but not least in the mix we have Dorothy Malone who 's Stack 's amoral sister who has a yen for Rock , but Rock ai n't about to get tangled up with this wild child . < br /><br />Dorothy Malone spent over 10 years in a whole bunch of colorless film heroine roles before landing this gem . She got a Best Supporting Actress Award for her part as Marilee Hadley and it was well deserved.<br /><br />If you like splashy technicolor Fifties soap opera than this is the film for you .
1 In her autobiography , Laureen Bacall reveals that Bogie told her that she should not make such dud movies as this one or something like that . At the time , Douglas Sirk was labeled " weepies for women",actually , he was restored to favor , at least in Europa , after he stopped directing . And when he filmed " written on the wind " , Sirk had only three movies to make:"tarnished Angels","A time to love and a time to die",his masterpiece , IMHO , and finally " Imitation of life"(1960).Then there was silence . Actually Bacall and Hudson characters do not interest Sirk . They are too straight , too virtuous . Dorothy Malone -who was some kind of substitute for his former German star Zarah Leander - and her brother Robert Stack provide the main interest of the plot . A plot constructed continuously , most of the movie being a long flashback . The instability of the brother and the sister , from a family of rich Texan oil owners , is brought to the fore by garish clothes , and rutilant cars that go at top speed in a derricks landscape . Malone 's metamorphosis at the end of the movie is stunning : suit and chignon , toying with a small derrick : she 's ready for life , the rebel is tamed . Now alone , because she 's lost Hudson ( but anyway , he was not in love with her).This end is a bit reactionary , but melodrama is par excellence reactionary;three years later , in " imitation of life",Sarah - Jane ( Susan Kohner ) will be blamed because she does not know her place .
1 * * * SPOILERS * * * * * * SPOILERS * * * Released in 1956,and considered quite racy at the time , Douglas Sirk 's over the top candy colored melodrama is still a wonderful thing . The plot concerns the goings on in an oil rich dysfunctional Texas family that includes big brother Kyle , who is insecure , weak , wounded & very alcoholic , played by Robert Stack in a very touching & vulneable performance and his sluty sister Marylee played in an extreme manner by Dorothy Malone . Ms. Malone 's performance is telegraphed to us via her eyes , which she uses to show us her emotions , which mostly consist of lust ( for Rock Hudson ) and jealousy ( for Lauren Bacall ) . Malone is the only actress I 've ever seen in movies who enters a room eyes first . Now do n't get me wrong , her performance to say the least is an absolute hoot , and is one of the supreme camp acting jobs of the 1950 's . But it is also terrible , because as likeable and attractive as Malone is , she 's not a very good actress , and she 's not capable of subtly or shading . Her performace is of one note . She does get to do a wicked Mambo , and in a great montage , as unloving daddy played by the always good Robert Keith falls to his death climbing a staircase , Sirk mixes it up with an almost mad Malone doing a orgasmic dance as she undresses . Stack,(who should have won an Oscar ) & Malone , ( who won the award , but should n't have ) are the real stars of the film , the ones who set all the hysteria , both sexual & otherwise in motion , while the " real stars " of the film , Hudson & Bacall fade to grey & brown , which are the colors that they are mainly costumed in . Hudson who was a better actor then given credit for plays the childhood & best friend of Stack 's , and the stalked love interest of Malone 's who moans & groans over Rock through most of the film . But Hudson wants no part of her , and instead is in love with Bacall who is married to Stack . No one is very happy & no one is happy for very long . The Stack - Bacall marriage falls apart big time after a year , and Stack pretty much drinks himself into oblivion because he thinks he is sterile , and ca n't give Bacall a baby to prove that he 's a man . Sirk who was a very intelligent man , and had a long & fascinating career both in films and theatre in Germany , ended his Hollywood career at Universal in the mid 1950 's with a series of intense vividly colored " women 's movies " or melodramas . Although they were mainly adapted from medicore or trashy source material , in Sirk 's hands they became masterpieces of the genre . Sirk had a wonderful sense of color & design which he brought to play in these films filling his wide screen spaces with characters who played out their emotional lives among weird color combinations & lighting , make believe shadows , and lots of mirroed reflections . In " Written " the characters are always peeking out of windows , listening at doors or sneaking around . So in the end , after much violence , an accidental murder , a miscarriage & more Sirk ends the movie with a final & startling scene of a " reborn " and reformed Malone in a man - tailored suit , sitting at a desk foundling a miniature oilwell .
1 Director Douglas Sirk scores again with this , the grandaddy of all dysfunctional family films . This lush , trashy saga is a masterpiece , beautifully combining all of the elements of Sirk 's soapers and strategically placing them all into one movie . " Written on the Wind " very obviously influenced the 1980s TV series " Dallas " and " Dynasty " , as this is basically a feature - length version of those later nighttime soaps.<br /><br />Lauren Bacall , wonderfully and subtly , plays Lucy Moore , a New York City secretary who marries oil baron , Kyle Hadley ( Robert Stack ) . Unbeknownst to both of them , Mitch Wayne ( Rock Hudson ) is also in love with the quiet , but sexy secretary . They all go back to Kyle 's family 's mansion in Texas where we meet his white trash slut - of - a - sister , Marylee ( Dorothy Malone in an Oscar - winning turn ) . Yipee ! The sparks begin to fly - from the romances to the catfights , this is a campy trip . Not only does Mitch have to fight the feelings he has for his best friend 's wife , but Marylee tries to sleep with everybody since she ca n't have her one true love who is Mitch . Topping it all off , Kyle learns he 's impotent , but somehow Lucy ends up pregnant.<br /><br />This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment . How can you not love it ? This film signals one of Universal 's most popular films and one of director Sirk 's best works . Some of the dialogue is absolutely sizzling and visual metaphors are thrown in every which way - the theme of wind throughout is great . The cast is great , although Bacall is completely underused despite receiving top - billing behind Hudson . Stack 's Oscar loss reportedly devastated him . He considered this his finest performance and apparently was none too pleased to lose out . And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic . What a stunning movie ! This film proves what I 've been thinking for ages - Sirk is the master of classic melodrama . Where 's his Oscar?<br /><br / >
1 On the surface , " Written on the Wind " is a lurid , glossy soap opera about the sexual dysfunctions of a Texas oil family . But underneath it all is a deep , social commentary on 1950 's life . Director Douglas Sirk scores again with another Univeral sudser . Robert Stack falls in love with Lauren Bacall . The problem is that Stack 's best pal , Rock Hudson , loves her too . When Stack finds out he 's sterile and Bacall ends up pregnant , the fireworks fly . And , the all - too - good Dorothy Malone won an Oscar for her portrayl of Texas ' biggest nympho who is shunned by Hudson . Good epic soap opera .
1 An overblown melodrama typical of its period ( mid-1950s ) and appropriate matinée food . Rock Hudson , the hulk everyone always falls in love with , plays his usual stereotype role , but whereas in Giant , made the same year , when his material and co - stars ( Taylor & Dean ) were above average , in this movie he is just not good enough to raise the calibre beyond a mushy tale of how difficult it is to be both rich and happy . The self - destructive brother and sister ( Robert Stack , reeling his way through the film in a drunken stupor , and Dorothy Malone , playing a vampish poor little rich girl totally over the top ) end up the losers and Hudson gets Bacall - who is rather wooden in this part which does not have enough character or wit to get her going . To paraphrase Oscar Wilde , the good end happily and the bad unhappily , that is the meaning of fiction . However , I was interested to read that the film is based on a true story which vindicated the plot . Like other films of the period , homosexuality is disguised in heterosexual terms . Maybe the film could be remade : Stack 's character would ring truer if he was hiding homosexual feelings for Mitch by marrying . Todd Haynes 's Far From Heaven greatly improved on All That Heaven Allows , also directed by Sirk . Perhaps Haynes could remake Written on the Wind and give us a truly memorable film .
1 WRITTEN ON THE WIND , directed by Douglas Sirk and released in 1956 , is like all of Sirk 's mid 50 's films- pure melodrama . Yet it is engrossing , richly developed melodrama , and Sirk 's trademark lurid colour expressionism , throbbing , barely repressed emotions , symbolism and juxtaposition of the classes make this a film to crave.<br /><br />The film opens brilliantly , with the four central characters and the plot being introduced as the credits are still rolling . Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us into his world ... <br /><br />Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as the two Hadley " kids " , Kyle and Marylee . He drinks and sleeps around with women . She drinks and sleeps around with men . They both are worth millions , thanks to the Hadley oil business . Hunky , yet poor , Mitch Wayne ( Rock Hudson ) is Kyle 's lifelong friend , and Marylee 's dream lover . Enter into this sordid mess Lucy Moore ( Lauren Bacall ) , a slim , attractive young woman who falls under Kyle 's charms after he picks up a phone and flies her across the countryside one evening . Mitch loves her too , but Kyle wins her . They quickly marry , and Kyle stops drinking . But fate seems to be written on the wind , and it is not long before a conniving Marylee ( who will " have Mitch " , marriage or no marriage ) , a secretly smitten Mitch , the confused Lucy and the sad drunk Kyle come to blows .... <br /><br />Malone is just wonderful as Marylee Hadley , thoroughly deserving her Best Supporting Actress Oscar . She steals every scene she is in . Stack is almost just as good , amping up the melodrama , while still maintaining subtly and quiet desperation . Hudson and Bacall are a lot more restrained than those two , yet it is in keeping with the characters they play.<br /><br />So , what 's all this melodrama really about it ? Well , a lot of things . Stack 's powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear , for one thing . Sirk surrounds Stack with phallic symbols throughout the film- note his tiny little gun , the oil derricks and the ultimate phallic symbol , Kyle 's seeming inability to conceive children . Stack seems to be suffering from a massive male superiority complex , made worse by his father 's preference for Hudson , his sister 's desire for Hudson , and his suspicion that his wife is carrying on with Hudson . With all this wealth Kyle Hadley still ends up at the wrong end of town , buying cheap corn liquor like a " bum".<br /><br />It 's about impossible dreams , and having to let go of them . The river where Kyle , Marylee and Mitch used to play when they were kids is constantly referenced throughout the film , symbolising Kyle and ( especially ) Marylee 's wish for the innocence and simplicity of youth . In an excellent melodramatic scene , perfectly pulled off by Malone , Marylee 's stands by the river and imagines herself again as a child , with voice - over of Mitch telling Marylee that she will always be his girl . This is where Sirk strikes a huge emotional chord with the viewer . Who has n't dreamed about going back to that special place in childhood ? Who has n't , at some point , lived on a treasured memory ? Who has n't wanted something they could n't have ? And Hudson 's last line of the film ( yes , he gets no dialogue in the last 10 or so minutes , only close - ups ) recollects on how " far we 've come from the river , Marylee " . Amazing .
1 I 'm not sure if this is some kind of masterpiece or just sleazy fluff elevated by the performances and visuals . Whatever the case , I 'm sure I loved it . From the wonderfully twisted , lurid , intertwining stories , to the deliciously sinister performances from Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone , to the vivid , gaudy colour with which it 's all captured , this is high - class trash and it 's great fun . Not to mention the amusingly sly and thinly veiled sexual subtexts which permeate the entire film , always threatening to escape from the image into the dialogue but never doing so . I 'd be lying if I said that the film 's sheer entertainment value did n't contribute to my love for it , but there 's some sort of bizarre artistry behind the unintentional ( or was it ? ) comedy and I really , really dug that . I could really get into this melodrama stuff .
1 " Written on the Wind " is an irresistible , wonderfully kinky film , as only director Sirk could have done it . The movie is submerged in a bucket full of Freudian symbols , weird melodramatics and colorful contrasts . The connection between financial success and moral decay is the film 's main theme . Sirk seems to suggest that sexual dysfunction is one of the side effects of capitalism . However , I prefer to see the movie as a prime example of what Sirk could do with kitschy material . The palette of colors is particularly impressive . The acting in the film is great too . Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall are terribly glamorous and give the film an aura of elegance , but the movie belongs to Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone ( she deservedly won the Best Supporting Actress Oscar ) , who manage to keep the film at a boiling point . Kudos to Frank Skinner 's pulsating score , Russell Metty 's brilliant camera work ( every single shot is a masterpiece in itself ) , and the production design department . Also , the title tune is a beauty . It 's an unforgettable movie .
1 Any Way the Wind Blows is Tom Barmans ( who is also know as front man of the rock formation ' dEUS ' ) debut movie . Entirely shot in Antwerp ( Belgium ) , the movie starts on a sunny friday morning and skips rather superficially between the events that fill the day of a dozen of main characters . When the movie ends , you have a lot of stuff to think about , because most of the different story - lines are left wide open.<br /><br />The movie has a ( purely instrumental ) sound track that will rock your socks off . In most scenes , the music truly enhances the general atmosphere and feel , really making the movie hallucinating to watch at certain points of time . The main scene in the film , the party , is very well shot.<br /><br />The director did n't hesitate to use video clip techniques , having his main characters dancing on one of the best sound tracks I 've heard lately.<br /><br />The screenplay is great stuff . Camera angles and colors are very well chosen . The ' costumes ' are very hot and very ' seventies ' too . And I loved ( most of the ) acting.<br /><br />The thing I liked most about the movie , are the subtle touches of absurd , surreal , very dry or even cynical humor that interleave.<br /><br />Without claiming to be a comedy ( this movie certainly is not a comedy but rather an alternative piece of art ) , it still manages to have its audience giggling and even burst into laughter at some times.<br /><br />This is one more directors ' debut that should n't be an ending . I hope to see more Tom Barman movies in the future because I had a good time . Cheers .
1 This Belgian film , directed by Tom Barman , singer of the well - known group dEUS , will not be favoured by everyone . For the simple reason that there is n't a clear story or even a plot . This movie just shows 24 hours in " a city " ( here Antwerp ) and allows you to watch and truly enjoy the dialogues , the directing , the humorous ( Dario ! , the osteopath Bruno ! , ... ) and tragic ( Windman , Paul Garcin , ... ) characters.<br /><br />There are several memorable scenes : the Windman on the beach , the dance party at the end , the KISS - fan , Windman visits the osteopath, ... <br /><br />Clearly some other viewers did n't understand what 's so beautiful and interesting in this movie . They complain that this movie has no story , etc . But it 's the atmosphere that keeps you watching and that will drag you into it.<br /><br />If you did n't watch it yet , be sure to listen carefully to the music . The soundtrack is extraordinary just like Tom Barman and his group dEUS.<br /><br />And " ssst , mondje dicht hé . " ( do n't tell anyone )
1 Barman just wanted to make a movie because he wanted to . Just as simple as that , and he succeeded . Not only in his goal , but also in making a wonderful movie , especially visually . He knows how to use pans , slow - motion sequences , tracking shots , crane shots , etc . in a beautiful , smooth way . This gives the movie a very relaxing feel to it.<br /><br />The story is about the lives of 8 very different characters who have nothing in common except one thing : a party that they all attend to , which also is the turnpoint of this movie . The beauty of this picture lies not in the question how the characters have effect on eachother ( in comparance with a similar , of course better movie like Magnolia ) . I simply do n't think that that was Barman 's idea . The beauty lies in the different details of experiences that people go through which makes or breaks their lives . Barman is very successful in telling those little stories that describe little experiences . He knows people ..... and Antwerp.<br /><br />The soundtrack of the movie is also excellent , but not a surprise as we know that Barman is also a very succesful songwriter and musician with his band dEUS . The music is sometimes hot and at the same time relaxing which contributes to the sunny , smooth feel of the movie . Other times we hear funky pop / rock - melodies which give some scenes the strength that they need.<br /><br />There 's only one flaw , and that 's the last half an hour . Was it the runtime , which was breaking me up ? Or were n't the last scenes that fresh and accurate than the scenes until then ? I ca n't figure it out ... <br /><br />All in all a beautiful sunny movie which lifts the Belgian cinema up.<br /><br />8 out of 10!<br /><br />(It 's the breeze that flows through a girl 's hair on a sunny afternoon making her even more beautiful ; it 's the fresh breeze that makes you relax when it passes you at a crowded party when someone opens the door ; it 's the breeze that carries the perfume from that beautiful girl sitting next to you in the park who you just met a week ago ; it 's the breeze ..... )<br /><br / >
1 I really liked Tom Barman 's AWTWB . You just have to let it come over you and enjoy it while it lasts , and do n't expect anything . It 's like sitting on a café - terrace with a beer , in the summer sun , and watching the people go by . It definitely wo n't keep you pondering afterwards , that 's true , but that 's not a prerequisite for a good film . It 's just the experience during the movie that 's great.<br /><br />I felt there were a few strands that could have been worked out a little more , but being a Lynch fan I do n't care that much anymore : ) < br /><br />And I * loved * the style , or flair of this movie . It 's slick , but fresh , and the soundtrack is a beauty . Any music - lover will get his kicks out of AWTWB , I can assure you.<br /><br />I'll give it 8 out 10.<br /><br />(music - wise 10 out of 10 )
1 Barman directed Any Way the Wind Blows as he would sing a dEUS song . Anarchy rules over a logical and common strain of thoughts . The story behind this movie just goes any which way the wind blows . And that can truly be refreshing to watch , if you are prepared and willing that is . Viewers who state that there is nothing to keep the story - lines together are right . Who the hell is that Windman anyway ? Still , I really enjoyed this movie . Antwerp is a beautiful , bustling , happening place and Any Way captures that feeling . It also captures the silliness , the racism , the bureaucracy , the addictions and the violence that survives undetected in a seemingly friendly city . The movie is entertaining , funny and a little shallow . Barman 's screen debut will not make as heavy an impact as his music debut . In that light some might be disappointed . But then again , ' Worst Case Scenario ' would be a subtle subtitle for Any Way the Wind Blows .
1 This movie blows you off your feet . This debut movie from Tom Barman ( known from the Belgian rock band dEUS ) introduces you to 8 intriguing people , building blocks of a compelling movie mosaic . They each survive one day and one night in the metropole of Antwerp . Barman paints his characters with great deal of verve and competently interweaves their individual stories , a tour the force that reminds of the best work of Robert Altman and Paul Thomas Anderson . The patchwork of anecdotes surprises , moves , amuses ; the dialogues are so natural , they seem to be improvised . Some great performances by Matthias Schoenaerts , Natali Broods and the extremely funny duo from Ghent , Jonas Boel and Titus De Voogdt . Sam Louwyck is the memorable " Windman " , a bizarre guy dancing throughout the movie . Sam is also responsible for the stunning choreography , and of course Tom Barman himself took care of the ultra cool Sound Track . We were seriously impressed : Any Way The Wind Blows is a movie that blows you off your feet .
1 tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did . it is as if he has visualized a dirty and worn out notebook full of great little ideas he has been filling up and carrying around for 10 years . no grant character transformations , no Hollywood ingredients just life and a little bit of magic . the balance , in speed , in weirdness in comedy vs drama is perfectly weighed . this film takes you on a journey that is over before you realize how nice it was . the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied . the fact that this film is about nothing , merely a sequence of sketches of people that are mainly linked trough a party of one of the characters , makes it very pleasant and surprisingly entertaining , it is brilliant because it is empty . in between the lines it is happening . to see or not to see , that 's the ?
1 I think " Anyway ... " is a kick - ass movie . Really . Tom Barman spent like years making it , and it shows : every scene is polished , has a meaning , ... I guess most agree on that . One thing many people tend to criticize is the " lack " of story . I 'm afraid that that 's an effect of us being overwhelmed with " traditional " storytelling , all the time . I mean : what you can achieve with a book , you ca n't achieve with a movie , what you can achieve with a movie , you can not achieve it by just telling it to a buddy . The problem is that we 're so used to movies , series , ... to be just a filmed version of a story ; a visual recording of events -just like when you watch the news- that we expect every movie to have this epic characteristics : a strong storyline with a lot of unusual events . And I stress the idea of " unusual events " : most people see on TV in the news , in movies , series , ... very unusual things , once - in - a - lifetime situations . And here , in " Anyway ... " , there are unusual events , but not in the same " hollywood big explosion " kind of way : guy gets fired , couple back together , car gets stolen ... and of course very usual things . And that 's strong : just being able to appreciate all of that , that universe , that 's art . And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in movies , that atmosphere created by the score and the photography is put central . But not like in traditional visual movies ( visual blockbusters such as the Matrix ) ; it serves the characters and remains deeply human . I mean , in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and urban lifestyle . And he has no point with this movie , like to " learn " us something ; and he has no big story to tell with incredible scenario twists . He just shows everyday people with everyday lives , he shows a city , all with their good and bad sides and says : this is us , that 's our city , that 's life , let 's enjoy it . So basically , " Anyway ... " is not only that super groovy movie , it also has a much stronger " message " ( it 's not explicit , maybe even not intended ) than most movies how really intend to pass a message . One drawback : now , we 'll have to wait five years to see the next Barman pic , and everyone will expect so much of it ...
1 Those of you who know the group dEUS , know the lead singer Tom Barman . He directed this movie a bit like he creates music , it 's a mix of everything . This is a comedy , though mostly absurd and cynical , a drama , none of the main characters have a happy life to say the least , and it does not really have a goal.<br /><br />The movie starts on a friday morning in Antwerp , Belgium , with scenes of several persons , some of them have nothing in common but they will come in contact with each other during the day and night . There are several main characters : a teacher who writes books nobody reads , a young researcher with a morbid taste of death and his sister , a gallery owner , two young men constantly in touch with the law , a man who works in a movie theater and two young women . Throughout the movie there walks a man who has something to do with wind . All characters have their troubles , with their family or friends or just with life itself.<br /><br />The movie is set in Antwerp and shows several beautiful shots of the city and the port . The events of the day are not easily explained , I advise to simply watch the movie , there is simply too much to tell . But I can say this , Barman has an excellent use of the camera and uses a lot of music ( mostly dance music , not really rock ) to set a mood , especially the party is filled with excellent music.<br /><br />This movie is an experience on itself , it will not leave you any wiser about life , perhaps only that you have to live it and not waste it , or have any false moral truths.<br /><br />In short , see it , it is definitely worth it !
1 " Life hits us in the face ........ we must try to stay beautiful" < br /><br />Debut movie from one of Belgian 's best artists ( he sings songs ) , Tom Barman . A long awaited movie and --- happy happy joy joy for Flemish filmmaking --- really worth watching , and a promising piece of work ! It takes us into the lifes of 8 main characters that live through a Friday- and night . The title says a lot about the way we spend time with them : we float as they do into Friday night 's party where they kinda ' meet.<br /><br />It 's rhytmic style is very ' thought off ' . Superb use of music . It sometimes takes the upperhand to the images and then you feel its power . Gainsbourg ! QOTSA ! The party scene ( 20minutes ? ? ? ) is a thrilling visual experience cause of the way that it 's shot . It keeps you really with it while it 's set in a small place with a lot of people having a big party ..... so hard to shoot.<br /><br />Thank you menijèr Barman for making this daring movie in these , already some years going , poor times of Flemish filmmaking . You made my day !
1 A must see film with great dialogues , great music , great acting and a superb atmosphere.<br /><br />In the film you will follow 8 people for one day in the city of antwerp , they are all individuals and sometimes plain weird ( that 's how I love them!).<br /><br />I'm not going to say anything else , just go see and enjoy it .
1 I went to see it 2 times this movie , a friend of mine went to see it at the release party , and he was telling me it was so great , that I was expecting very much about the movie , to mutch , I could n't enjoy it because I was not watching it in nuteral position . The second time I knew what to expect and I enjoyed it more than the first time . After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party . I LOVED the music it 's just great.<br /><br />If Tom Barman improves his directing talent he will be a director where everyone will be talking about . If you can delivere this movie as your first you must be talented.<br /><br />The acting is done by some great belgian stars ( Dirk roofthooft ) and a bunch of upcomming talents like Titus De Voogdt.<br /><br / >
1 Intense actors like Bruce Dern , Jason Patrick and Rachel Ward combine to make this modern - day film noir a winner . Of the three , I do n't know who was most interesting as all offer good performances and intriguing characters.<br /><br />Patric does the narration in this noir , playing an ex - boxer and mental patient . Wow , that alone makes for an interesting guy ! He looks dumb , but he is n't . Ward is the slinky , attractive , cynical , intelligent and compassionate co- conspirator of a kidnapping plan that goes bad . Bruce Dern also is in the mix and Dern never fails to fascinate in about any film.<br /><br />The movie could be considered kind of downer to the average viewer , but I found it fascinating .... and I do n't like depressing movies normally . What I found was a kind of quirky crime film . Take a look and see if you agree . This is pretty unknown film that should n't have that status because it 's simply a good story and well - done .
1 The first of two Jim Thompson adaptations released in 1990 ( the other being the more well - known GRIFTERS ) , AFTER DARK has all of Thompson 's hallmarks : dangerous women , the confidence game , and characters that are either not as dim as others suspect them of being , or not as harmless.<br /><br />Jason Patric is superb as a former boxer disqualified from the sport for life due to an incident in the ring ( director James Foley uses RAGING BULL - esquire sequences to flesh out the back story ) and the too - little - seen Rachel Ward also delivers a great performance . But Bruce Dern is the film 's secret weapon : his sweet - talking grifter Uncle Bud subtly commands each of his scenes.<br /><br />there 's almost no comic relief in this film , so watch it prepared to be sucked into the void .
1 It is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this . It 's truly one of the best acted , most tightly structured films I 've ever seen . Every line of dialogue can be interpreted in several ways , relating to each of the three main characters differently . The film weaves an intrinsic web of motivations and double crosses that snare you and refuse to let go . Add to this that the slow - burning romance between Kevin and Faye is as moving as anything that 's ever been committed to celluloid and you have the ingredients for a perfect film . It exposes the romance of movies such as " Titanic " as the trite cliches they are . If you 're looking for a movie to watch while you fold laundry , this is n't it . You have to commit yourself to this film . You ca n't have a conversation while running in and out of the room . This movie demands your attention . Treat it with the respect you deserve and you 'll get a lot out of it . Unless you think " Titanic " is the greatest film ever .
1 Ever read Jim Thompson ? He 's hard - boiled noir with the most extreme fatalism and misanthropy I 've ever encountered . There are rarely private detectives in his work - just losers , psychotics and small - time con artists . This film has Thompson nailed - " If God made any real mistakes in this world , it was in giving us a will to live when we 've got no excuse for it . " Every character in the film balances on a razor 's edge between surreal and creepy realism . There 's sleazy , conniving Uncle Bud , played by Bruce Dern and spookily well - intentioned Doc Goldman played by George Dickerson . Jason Patric gives a wonderful , often heart - wrenching performance as Kid Collins , a none - too - bright , shy ex - fighter who 's more scared of himself than of anyone else . Rachel Ward is Fay , the sexy femme fatale who we ca n't quite figure out ... It 's not your standard film noir , nor is it intended to be . After Dark My Sweet , along with The Grifters , are two excellent adaptations of novels by one of my favorite writers , Jim Thompson .
1 After Dark , My Sweet is a great , modern noir , filled with seedy characters , dirt roads , and , of course , sweaty characters . It seems that most of the truly great noirs of the last two or three decades have taken place in the South , where the men glisten and the ladies , um , glisten too . Why ? Because it 's hooooottttttttttt . And because everyone looks better wet ( at least the men do - sweaty women leave me clammy ) . < br /><br />Anyway - there might be some spoilers in here . < br /><br />This film is a wonderful example of everything a noir should be - steady pacing ( though some with attention disorders refer to it as ' slow ' ) , clearly and broadly drawn ( though not simple ) characters , and tons of atmosphere . Noir , if anything , is about moods and attitudes . That 's why the great ones are not marked by your traditional definitions of ' great ' acting ( look at Bogart , Mitchum , Hurt , and Nicholson - they ( and their characters ) were anything but real - but they had style and sass and in a crime movie that 's exactly what you want ) . or quickly paced adventures ( again all great noirs seem to be on slow burn like a cigarette ) . Great noirs create an environment and you just inhabit it with the characters for a couple hours . < br /><br />After Dark My Sweet let 's you do that - and it let 's you enjoy the company of some very interesting and complex characters . Uncle Bud and Collie are intriguing - never allowing the audience to know what really makes them tick - and Patric and Dern ( I love Bruce Dern , by the way ) are pitch perfect , Dern especially ( see previous comment ) . They take the basic outlines of a character and give them depth and elicit our sympathies . < br /><br />The story itself is also interesting . There 're better plots in the world of noir ( hardly any mystery here - mostly it 's suspense ) , but this one is solid . If anything , the simply ' okay ' plot has more to do with Jim Thompson 's writing than anything else . With Thompson , plots are almost secondary ; he eschewed the labyrinthine tales of Hammett and Chandler for simpler stories with stronger , more confusing characters . Look at a novel like The Killer Inside Me and and you 'll see right away ( from the title ) what it 's all about . When it comes to Thompson , it 's not what it 's about , it 's how it 's about it ( to quote Roger Ebert ) . So , really , the relatively simple plot of a kidnapping is not the point and , if you do n't like it , well the jokes on you . < br /><br />Why this is an 8star movie rather than a 10star one is because of the female lead . She 's not bad , per se , but she 's not Angelica Huston or Anette benning ( see the adaptation of Jim Thompson 's The Grifters if you do n't know what I 'm talking about - besides it 's a better movie and you should start there for contemporary noir - it 's the best of the 1990s and challenges Blood Simple for the title of best since Chinatown ) . She simply does n't have the chops ( or the looks for that matter ) and though she and Patric have some chemistry , I do n't have it with her . So there .
1 If you 're as huge of a fan of an author as I am of Jim Thompson , it can be pretty dodgy when their works are converted to film . This is not the case with Scott Foley 's rendition of AFTER DARK MY SWEET . A suspenseful , sexually charged noir classic that closely follows and does great justice to the original text . Jason Patrick and Rachel Ward give possibly the best performances of their careers . And the always phenomenal Bruce Dern might have even toped him self with this one . Like Thompson 's book this movie creates a dark and surreal world where passion overcomes logic and the double cross is never far at hand . A must see for all fans of great noir film . * * * * ! ! !
1 I did n't expect much when I rented this movie and it blew me away . If you like good drama , good character development that draws you into a character and makes you care about them , you 'll love this movie.<br /><br />Engrossing !
1 An excellent interpretation of Jim Thompson 's novel , this neo - noir thriller has all the requisite elements -- deranged ex - boxer turned drifter , alcoholic widow with sinister desires , ex - cop turned small - time crook , and a kidnap plot destined for doom . Yet , the film never crosses into cliche country , but remains fresh and intriguing . The performances are all superb , particularly Bruce Dern 's role as the wicked sleazeball , Uncle Bud . There is a tense uncertainty to the film 's movement which , intentional or not , adds to the grim proceedings . Highly recommended .
1 I saw this film a few years ago and I got to say that I really love it . Jason Patric was perfect for this weird role that he played . The director?I do n't too many things about him ... and I do n't care . The screenplay is good , that 's for sure . In just a few words I have to say about this movie that is weird , strange , even dark , but it 's a good one . I saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then . I want to see it again and again . I know that I 'm not gon na get sick of watching it . The scenes , the atmosphere , the actors , the story ... everything is good . The movie should have lasted longer . I think 120 minutes should have been perfect . I was hoping for a part 2 for this movie . Too bad it din't happened . Jason Patric : you're the man ! very good movie . the end . :-)
1 Foley 's noir quality in this saturated and intense pulp film is seemingly " perfectly " fit together . Shot by shot , edit by edit , the film unfolds itself around a disturbed boxer discovering his own purpose ( or lack thereof ) . The other comments around perhaps indicate a lack of pulp interest , but I personally think this is a superbly put together cinematic piece !
1 The performances in this movie were fantastic . The dialogue was great . Jason Patric delivered a fantastic performance as " Kid " Collins in this wonderful adaptation of the Jim Thompson novel . Far superior to " The Grifters " , which was a good movie , this film really stayed true to the pulp fiction / film noir roots from which the story came . I recommend this movie to all film noir fans .
1 < br /><br />"After dark , my sweet " is a strange mix of sensuality and dullness . The film runs slow , very slow , but takes a rythm to tell a story about murder and passion . Jason Patric never ever was so sexy and powerful ( the man gives a true performance ) , and Rachel Ward is all but sexy.<br /><br />The sexual tension , the pshycological heat , the footsteps of the past ... the flashback scenes , the weirdness of the Patric´s Character , all becomes a sexy mystery . I recommend this one cause is the more sexy dull movie that i ever seen . Check the love making scene , it´s particulary sexy .
1 If in the 90 's you 're adapting a book written in the 50 's , set the bloody thing in the 50 's and not the ' 90 's . See , 40 year old mores and values tend not to play as well , or ring as true , that far down the road . It 's a simple rule that Hollywood habitually keeps violating . And that 's the problem with this film . It should have been set in the era it was written in . You 'd think that would be a no - brainer , but nooo . I 'd elaborate , but bmacv 's comment spells it out quite well . I 'll limit my commentary to Rachel Ward . She looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role . As a result , she looks like a crack ho ' on chemotherapy , and is about as sexy as a gay leather couch in drag . I found her " I could die at any moment " look quite disconcerting , and it greatly detracted from her supposed " hotness " and the " sexual tension " the film intended to create . Other than that , the film was quite good ; a 7 + out of 10 .
1 THE JIST : See something else.<br /><br />This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel , but after watching it I ca n't figure out why . The film is definitely original and different . It even has interesting dialogue at times , some cool moments , and a creepy " noir " feel . But it just is n't entertaining . It also does n't make a whole lot of sense , in plot but especially in character motivations . I do n't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.<br /><br />This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you do n't accept the challenge .
1 THE JIST : See something else.<br /><br />This film was highly rated by Gene Siskel , but after watching it I ca n't figure out why . The film is definitely original and different . It even has interesting dialogue at times , some cool moments , and a creepy " noir " feel . But it just is n't entertaining . It also does n't make a whole lot of sense , in plot but especially in character motivations . I do n't know anyone that behaves like these characters do.<br /><br />This is a difficult movie to take on -- I suggest you do n't accept the challenge .
1 FORBIDDEN PLANET is the best SF film from the golden age of SF cinema and what makes it a great film is its sense of wonder . As soon as the spaceship lands the audience - via the ships human crew - travels through an intelligent and sometimes terrifying adventure . We meet the unforgetable Robbie , the mysterious Dr Morbuis , his beautiful and innocent daughter Altair and we learn about the former inhabitants of the planet - The Krell who died out overnight . Or did they ? < br /><br />You can nitpick and say the planet is obviously filmed in a movie studio with painted backdrops but that adds to a sense of menace of claustraphobia I feel and Bebe and Louis Barron`s electronic music adds even more atmosphere < br /><br />I`m shocked this film isn`t in the top 250 IMDB films .
1 I am always so frustrated that the majority of science fiction movies are really intergalactic westerns or war dramas . Even Star Wars which is visually brilliant , has one of its central images , a futuristic " gang that could n't shoot straight . " Imagine your coming upon about 600 people with conventional weapons , most of them having an open shot , and they miss.<br /><br />I have read much science fiction , and wish there were more movies for the thinking person . Forbidden Planet , one of the earliest of the genre , is still one of the very best . The story is based on a long extinct civilization , the Krell , who created machines which could boost the intelligence of any being by quantum leaps . Unfortunately , what they had n't bargained for , is that the brain is a center for other thoughts than intellectual . The primitive aspect of the brain , the I d , as Freud called it , is allowed to go unchecked . It is released in sleep , a bad dream come to corporeal existence . Walter Pigeon , Dr. Morbius , is the one who has jacked his brain to this level , and with it has built machines and defenses that keep him barely one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his own mind . His thoughts are creating horrors that he soon will not be able to defend . The Krell , a much superior species , could not stop it ; it destroyed them . The landing party has never been of great interest to me . The rest of the actors are pretty interchangeable . Ann Francis is beautiful and naive , and certainly would have produced quite a reaction in the fifties adolescent male . Her father 's ire is exacerbated by her innocence and the wolfy fifties ' astronauts ( for they are more like construction workers on the make than real astronauts ) . They are always trying to figure out " dames . " The cook is a great character , with his obsession for hooch . Robbie the Robot has much more personality than most of the crew , and one wonders if Mr. Spock may not be a soulmate to the literal thinking of this artificial creature . The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star . Morbius ca n't turn back and so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him . There are few science fiction films that are worth seeing more than once ; this is one that can coast right into the 21st century .
1 I first saw this movie when it originally came out . I was about 9 yrs . old and found this movie both highly entertaining and very frightening and unlike any other movie I had seen up until that time.<br /><br />BASIC PLOT : An expedition is sent out from Earth to the fourth planet of Altair , a great mainsequence star in constellation Aquilae to find out what happened to a colony of settlers which landed twenty years before and had not been heard from since.<br /><br />THEME : An inferior civilization ( namely ours ) comes into contact with the remains of a greatly advanced alien civilization , the Krell-200,000 years removed . The " seed " of destruction from one civilization is being passed on to another , unknowingly at first . The theme of this movie is very much Good vs. Evil.<br /><br />I first saw this movie with my brother when it came out originally . I was just a boy and the tiger scenes really did scare me as did the battle scenes with the unseen Creature - force . I was also amazed at just how real things looked in the movie.<br /><br />What really captures my attention as an adult though is the truth of the movie " forbidden knowledge " and how relevant this will be when we do ( if ever ) come into contact with an advanced ( alien ) civilization far more developed than we ourselves are presently . Advanced technology and responsibility seem go hand in hand . We must do the work for ourselves to acquire the knowledge along with the wisdom of how to use advanced technology . This is , in my opinion , the great moral of the movie.<br /><br />I learned in graduate school that " knowledge is power " is at best , in fact , not correct ! Knowledge is " potential " power depending upon how it is applied ( ... if it is applied at all . ) [ It 's not what you know , but how you use what you know!]<br /><br />The overall impact of this movie may well be realized sometime in Mankind 's own future . That is knowledge in and of itself is not enough , we must , MUST have the wisdom that knowledge depends on to truly control our own destiny OR we will end up like the Krell in the movie - just winked - out.<br /><br />Many thanks to those who responded to earlier versions of this article with comments and corrections , they are all very much appreciated ! ! I hope you are as entertained by this story as much as I have been over the past 40 + years .... < br /><br />Rating : 10 out 10 stars
1 Sure Star Wars ( a movie I have seen at least fifty times ) beats all the others in special effects , but this film has every thing else!<br /><br />It has horror(non - graphical ) , romance , robots , witty repartee , intelligence , ( surprisingly good ) special effects , and drama.<br /><br />I saw this film a couple of years ago in a revival with a newly struck print , and I was amazed at how well it held up today . I thought the old 40 's style electronics would look hokey , but they somehow looked futuristic and moderne.<br /><br />Ann Francis in here ( mostly ) short skirts and bare feet with a girlish innocence that is hard to beat still gets a rise out of me.<br /><br />The Krell monster appearing in the ray beams still scares the bejebees out of me.<br /><br />Of course we all know that the " Great Bird of the Galaxy " probably modeled much of " Star Trek " from this movie.<br /><br />No one has yet to beat Robby , the Robot , in terms of personality < br /><br />(sorry , R2D2 and C3PO).<br /><br />This movie , overall , is the standard that all other Science Fiction films will have to measure up to!<br /><br />Honorable mention for the haunting electronic score which kept us all on pins and needles .
1 A number of factors make it easy for me to state that I still think this is the most important science fiction film ever made , despite some of the acting , outdated dialogue etc.<br /><br />First , there is the scale of imagination in describing the Krell , a humanoid race native to the planet , now all dead , who were 1 million years more advanced than Earth humans(us ) , and their technology , particularly the 8,000 cubic mile machine.<br /><br />Second , there is the music and sound effects , which are inseparable from each other . It creates an eerie , unearthly feeling , unlike " 2001 " , which had traditional classical music.<br /><br />Third , its " monster " is not only the most powerful and deadly ever envisioned , it 's also based on real science and does n't break the laws of physics and biology.<br /><br />Finally , and most importantly , Forbidden Planet is the only movie ever made that attempts and , more incredibly , succeeds in making an honest , intelligent and mercilessly logical statement on the limits or ceiling of human ( or any other biological entity 's ) development , no matter how long we survive as a species.<br /><br />In other words , it predicts our inevitable destiny .
1 This is a film that has it all , the dashing hero , the beautiful damsel in distress , the noble figure with the tragic flaw , and a truly wonderful robot . Forbidden Planet has maintained that special magic over the years and does n't lose its flavor with repeated viewings ( although the sex appeal of the youthful Anne Francis helps considerably on that score).<br /><br />Movie fans will recognize the youngish Leslie Nielsen portraying the handsome and heroic Commander Adams , although those of us who have grown fond of him in comedic roles will perhaps be a bit taken aback by his appearance in a serious role . The distinguished and noble - looking Walter Pidgeon is also a featured player as the scientist with a secret ( I d ) . Other supporting cast deserve a nod , especially Warren Stevens as the brainy and resourceful " Doc " , and of course the charms of Miss Francis , as noted above.<br /><br />This film was an early pioneer in the use of electronic music , in the 1950s , no less . The credits call them " tonalities " , but those of us who tried to tinker together early versions of the " Theremin " device will recognize the eerie and spooky whines and screeches sometimes used in the sound track . Still , it lends to the image of the exotic and alien landscape of the mysterious and forbidding world of the Krell.<br /><br />The special effects are also quite arresting . I recall my fear as a youngster waiting for the next manifestation of the invisible " I d " monster , and when it is finally visualized in the one battle scene it literally shook me to my toes in wonder and awe . The magic of matte art is fully exploited in the dizzying scenes of the Krell scientific complex as the characters make their way through the various labyrinths and passageways , guided by the enigmatic Dr. Morbius.<br /><br />I recall feeling some measure of jealously that Dr. Morbius would have such a cool toy in the form of Robby the Robot . The persona of Robby is quite charming and in some ways he seems more human than some of the other characters . Viewers of follow - on shows like Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize the recycled Robby prop in some of those episodes , although I recall he never had the " personality " of the original Robby.<br /><br />I must admit to not fully understanding the complexities of the plot until I was old enough to understand the various references to Freudian psychology and the danger of unleashing the hidden and normally contained fears and rage we carry within but have trained ourselves , through force of will , to submerge and control through adherence to societal codes . Although the key to the story seems obvious once revealed , it remains unknown ( or perhaps deliberately overlooked ) by Dr. Morbius until pointed out by the clear - thinking Commander Adams , who forces Dr. Morbius to confront the evil within himself . It still gives me goose bumps when Commander Adams pushes Dr. Morbius down before the Krell machine that endowed him with superior intellect , which opened the flood gates of his subconscious to the power of the Krell machine : " Here . Here is where your mind was artificially enlarged . Consciously it still lacked the power to operate the Great Machine . But your subconscious had been made strong enough . " Zowee!<br /><br />Forbidden Planet remains probably my favorite sci - fi film ever , and remains timeless and classic for its carefully crafted story and wonderful visualization and realization on the screen .
1 A flying saucer manned ( literally ) by a crew of about 20 male space explorers travels hundreds of millions of light years from earth to check in on a colony founded some 25 years ago on a ' forbidden planet . ' What they find is a robot more advanced than anything imaginable on earth , a beautiful and totally socially inept young woman , and her father , a hermit philologist haunted by more than the demons of the ancient civilization he has immersed himself in.<br /><br />On the surface , this story is a pulp scifi murder mystery . Some compare it to Shakespeare 's Tempest , but this is a stretch , and , in some ways , an insult to the scifi genre . Stripped of what makes it a scifi film , sure , its The Tempest , but how many hundreds of films can you say something similar about ? < br /><br />Underneath , this is a cautionary tale about progress and technology and the social evolution necessary for its appropriate and safe use . Yet the film still proceeds with all the hopefulness for our future that we have come to expect from shows like Star Trek.<br /><br />Anne Francis is not the only reason why this film is best described as beautiful . The special effects , and even the aesthetics of the backdrops are powerful enough to make the uninspired directing and uneven acting almost unnoticeable . If it were not for the goofy retro - art - deco - ness of 1950s sci - fi props , you might think you were watching a 1960s piece.<br /><br />This is a classic of that very special sub - genre of sci fi I like to call 1950s sci - fi , and , though not , in my opinion , the best it is certainly a must see for anybody interested in sci - fi film and special effects . The clever plot , now rendered trite by its reuse in six or seven episodes of Star Trek , Lost in Space , and even Farscape , is worth paying attention to , and will sustain the interest of most scifi fans . Trekkers will be particularly interested in the various aspects of the film which seem to have inspired themes of Star Trek 's original series aired about 12 years later , though they may find themselves disappointed by the ( relatively mild ) 1950s sexism and the lack of any kind of racial integration . While I do not mean to nitpick , the lack of social progress manifest in this film was the one major problem I had with it . < br /><br />Some will probably see this film simply to catch a glimpse of young , good - looking Leslie Nielsen in one of his first starring roles . Unfortunately , Nielsen 's performance is only average , and at times down - right poor ( especially at the climax of the film ) . Walter Pigeon , though quite excellent in other films , over - acts his role as well . Ms Francis , Earl Holliman , and the amazing Robby the Robot are the stand - out actors in this crowd , though on the whole the character actors filling in the ensemble do a good job . The problems with the featured performances , I think , are as much the fault of the director and the editor , as anything . Though they certainly got most of the film quite right .
1 The only thing I knew about this film prior to seeing it was Robby The Robot . My preconception was that it was another in a long line of cheesy sci - fi flicks that the 1950 's was noted for . How wrong I was . Big studio , big budget and big production values make this a strong contender , at least visually , for the best sci - fi film coming out of the era . I qualify with the word visually , because " War Of The Worlds " is a lot darker and scarier than " Forbidden Planet " , and probably fits the mold better as a foray into alien territory.<br /><br />What impressed me immediately was the color rendition of the cinematography , followed by the intricacy and scope of detail involved in Dr. Morbius ' ( Walter Pidgeon ) home and laboratory . But that was only the prelude to the icing on the cake , the labyrinthine underground that served as the Krell stronghold . It appeared that Krell technology was even more advanced than say , that of " Star Wars " . Which made me consider , audiences for this movie back when it was released probably sat in the same kind of awe that theater goers experienced in 1977 with SW , or in 1986 with " Aliens " . Watching it on a large screen TV in my living room offered me the same effect , and I 'm fairly resistant to hyperbole.<br /><br />It 's not too much of a stretch to imagine " Forbidden Planet " as a direct antecedent of the ' Star Trek ' TV series ; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the movie had a great impact on his vision for the show . Followers of that short lived series will readily recognize plot elements used here that turned up in ' Star Trek ' . I had to do a double take when the men of United Planets Cruiser C57-V headed for a transporter room , while the conundrum presented to Robby that created an impossibility to respond was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series.<br /><br />Where the movie definitely took a cerebral turn had to do with the whole idea of ' monsters from the I d ' . That Morbius himself was using his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956 , when every other sci - fi flick of the time was dealing with Martians or other grotesque space creatures . The film worked it 's subtle magic on this viewer by helping me understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams ( Leslie Nielsen ) explained it.<br /><br />You know , looking at the calendar , the year 2200 is n't that far off . This movie may be the one that actually gets it right relative to exploring and living on other planets . I think though , that they 'll have to come up with a sleeker looking version of Robby .
1 If you like Star Wars / Trek , come see where they got all their ideas and cinematic devices . It 's my top 2 favorite movies of all times , other - worldly - futuristic and psycho - thriller . The intensity of the root material ( Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " ) is not overshadowed by whizbang gimmickry ( a la later Lucas ) . And just because it was made in 1956 , do n't assume you can ' see the strings ' holding the flying saucer up . This was the first movie where you COULDN'T. Miracle it was made at " A - movie " scale , economics and tastes at the time were stacked heavily against it . And director Wilcox 's previous ' hit ' was " Lassie Come Home " . Until I looked him up , I assumed ' Fred Wilcox ' was a pseudonym for a director who was already or later became famous , but at the time did n't want to be associated with sci - fi , which was strictly a " B " genre back then . This was either a very VERY visionary production , or a very fortuitous ' mistake ' on the part of the folks who bankroll Hollywood.<br /><br />There are the massive - scale mattes with live action almost microscopically inserted that Lucas used extensively . There are intelligent machines that transcend the stereotypical ' user interface ' ; " computers " , as they 've come to be portrayed much less futuristically in later works . Star Trek 's ' transporter ' is there , visually , almost unaltered by Roddenberry 10 years later . And if the Trek / Wars technobabble turns you off , FP 's scientific references are not overdone and are all accurate , even today . The " ship " set is comprehensive , sparklingly realistic , as good as anything you 've seen since , and more convincing than anything ' Trek ' has done , for TV or film . We did n't get to spend as much time there as I would have liked.<br /><br />If you ever wondered how movies got into space so competently , watching FP will explain all that . It 's definitely not ' Wagontrain to the Stars ' .
1 Forbidden Planet rates as landmark in science fiction , carefully staying within " hard " aspects of the genre ( science -- not fantasy , ergo nerds will love it ) while still playing with imagery and ideas of contemporary 1950s values . Morbius 's isolated house is a model of modern design with open spaces that step out into sculpted gardens , a swimming pool , and the ultimate home appliance : Robby the Robot . " A housewife 's dream ! " exclaims the Captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot 's abilities to synthesize food and disintegrate waste.<br /><br />Also revealing to the 1950s : Fruedian psychology rears its head in the I d explanation , although Morbius dismisses it as an outdated concept . There is a touch of the Pacific war drama in the battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the saucer . Perhaps most timely is the post - atomic fear that Science is the enemy , and arrogant scientists will unwittingly bring down destruction in their blind quest for knowledge.<br /><br />Yet the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems uniquely fresh in the sci - fi genre . They are n't swashbucklers or heroes , but ordinary sailors crossing the galaxy with a serviceman 's crudeness and honesty . The good guys drive the flying saucer , and the aliens are so long gone we do n't even know what they looked like -- although their music er-"atmospheric tonalities " by Bebe and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today . The views from Morbius ' house are truly alien with jagged cliffs and pink bonsais . The interior of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers . There 's a lot visually to like . Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for the kiddies , Forbidden Planet is a cerebral movie , slow paced and talky . It is working on many levels at once : hard sci - fi against space adventure , philosophical against domestic . < br /><br />There are many suburban touches . In spite of all their space - talk , the soldiers are dressed for the golf course . Morbius ' fatal discovery is a humble educational facility , a schoolhouse . The most interesting character is Morbius ' daughter Altaira . Having never seen a man she is unashamedly forward to the crew . She 's a post - Madonna teen who designs her own space - age clothes and takes every opportunity to change outfits -- imagine Christina Aguilera with a household replicator . Men watching the film might see her as a naive girl in a minidress , but every woman knows there is no such thing as a naive girl in a minidress . Anne Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating the Leut with kisses . Alas we 'll never know if she was " working " him as he suspects , since the Captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention . She is the character who makes the important change in the film . Shocked that her father compares the dead Doc to the other " embeciles " in his landing party , she turns away from her father , her home , to leave with the sailors for Earth . It 's this act of defiance , of maturity , that sends Morbius ' I d creature over the edge , allegorically destroying its creator just as it did thousands of centuries earlier to the Krell . < br /><br />Maybe the Krell had teenage daughters too ... ?
1 I have loved this movie all of my life . It 's such an intelligent story also , with plenty of classical allusions . eg . The ship that went missing decades earlier was called the Bellerophon . Well , in classical mythology this was the man who slew the Chimera , a legendary beast composed of two or more other creatures . In FP , Walter Pidgeon is clearly the chimera- himself and his I d monster . < br /><br />I like movies where the writers have clearly credited their audiences with a modicum of intelligence , unlike most modern blockbusters which spend $ 150 m on special effects , but about $ 1.50 on a screenplay.<br /><br />Cheers
1 There 's a good reason that Walter Pidgeon is warning off Leslie Nielson and his crew from the relief ship , stuff he dare not dream about.<br /><br />As Doctor Edward Morbius , Pidgeon is the last survivor of an expedition that came to this planet 20 years earlier . Since that time he married another member of the expedition and had a daughter , Anne Francis . They are the only humans left on this planet which was once the home world of an ancient civilization known as the Krell.<br /><br />The records as deciphered by Pidgeon indicate the Krell came to a cataclysmic ending of unknown origin . The machinery they left behind is still functioning.<br /><br />Maybe functioning too well as members of the relief party start dying and in a particular gruesome fashion . < br /><br />I see all kinds of speculation about a remake and this is one film not to remake because it 's as fresh as it was in 1956 . The terms would change , we would now say warp speed instead of hyper drive , courtesy of the enduring popularity of Star Trek.<br /><br />We might not see the men in the relief expedition in a flying saucer like space ship . It might look a lot more like the Starship Enterprise or the Ship from 2001 A Space Odyssey . It 's interesting to look at science fiction films from different generations and see how are conceptions of the future do change.<br /><br />The story behind Forbidden Planet is a timeless one , about mortal beings trying to play God.<br /><br />You ca n't write about Forbidden Planet without commenting on Robby the Robot . This mechanical marvel , put together by Pidgeon with the knowledge he gained from studying the Krell was quite the hit back in the day . He got a new lease on life in the sixties with the character of the Robot from Lost In Space . His scenes with Earl Holliman who plays the cook on the space ship and his complying with Earl 's request for some home spirits are very funny.<br /><br />Robby and the other special effects were nominated for an Oscar , but lost to The Ten Commandments and the parting of the Red Sea . Forbidden Planet 's bad luck to run up against a Hollywood founder like Cecil B. DeMille.<br /><br />Classicists among you will recognize Forbidden Planet as a futuristic reworking of The Tempest which when you think about it could have been Shakespeare 's one venture into science fiction . < br /><br />My favorite among the cast is Warren Stevens who 's sacrifice enables Leslie Nielsen to learn exactly what he 's dealing with.<br /><br />Never miss this one whenever it 's broadcast .
1 First off , consider that this film is nearly fifty years old ! Yet , it still stands up as one of the great films of all time . I wonder how many of todays throwaway celluloid productions will still be talked about in 2050?<br /><br />The story is simple , yet solid enough and the effects are nothing short of phenomenal for the day . I can still recall the first time I watched this , as a kid , when the monster enters the force - field protecting the ship and you got to see its outline for the first ( and only ) time . Had me shivering in fear , I can tell you . Looks dated today , but still more than effective enough.<br /><br />The scenes with the tiger show their age now . You can see the outline where the tiger was matted into the shots with Altaira , but they are only just visible.<br /><br />Likewise , the effect whereby the creature melts its way through the Krell doors are wonderfully done.<br /><br />It 's also amazing to see Leslie Nielsen ( better remembered for the Airplane and Naked Gun movies ) as a young , but still mature man . He was 30 when this film came out ! Nearly 80 now!<br /><br />All in all a good movie that is sure to continue being a favourite for years to come . Timeless .
1 There were a lot of 50 's sci - fi movies . They were big draws for the Drive - in theaters . A lot of them were crappy even back then . This movie and ' The Day the Earth Stood Still ' stand out , and both have aged well in their own way . From the very beginning with its eerie theremin musical score ( which still sounds weird since theremins are hardly ever used ) Forbidden Planet takes you where no man has gone before . Speaking of Star Trek there 's so much material in this film that got into Star Trek TOS its like a pilot for the series ; from the interactive captain / first mate / doctor , the mad scientist , alien beings , babe in short skirt , computer intelligence ; it is all de rigeur now but this was the first of its kind . Besides , it has good acting and well - done artwork which even today evokes a certain awe at the imagery . Consider how the huge Krell machine is successfully depicted with some real depth . I saw this as a kid ( at a drive - in : 0)when it was a new movie and it scared me . Of course every movie that was even vaguely scary did back then but I remember being real worried about the invisible monster . Forbidden Planet is a movie a sci - fi fan can watch several times and find something new with each viewing .
1 Today 's sci - fi thrillers are more like Rambo in outer - space with monster special effects ( frequently ludicrous such as sounds of explosions in the vacuum of space ) . Though tame by today 's standards , the special effects of " Forbidden Planet " were quite striking for their time . Even today , they still hold plausibility . Yet , the best part of the movie is perhaps the reason that radio thrillers still have appeal . Much of what was going on was left up to the imaginations of the audience . ( What did the Krell creatures look like ? ) By having much of the framework of the story never divulged or only divulged in the end , the tension and suspense held throughout the movie . The ending was also very thought - provoking and satisfying . In my mind , this is still one of the best ( if not the best ) sci - fi films ever made .
1 Level One , Horror.<br /><br />When I saw this film for the first time at 10 , I knew it would give me nightmares . It did . Surprisingly , as I recall , it was the sound as much as the sight of the monster that caused them.<br /><br />Level Two , Psychoanalytic Theory.<br /><br />Later as an adult , I saw the story for what it was : What if the savage , unrestrained instincts we all repress became manifest.<br /><br />Level Three , Pure Science Fiction.<br /><br />The best way plausibly to realize the plot 's " What if " is through the science fiction genre . This is pure science fiction , not the " cowboys in space " that passes for the genre today.<br /><br />After 43 years , Forbidden Planet remains the greatest of all science fiction films . If planning a remake , SKG or Lucas , Watch Out !
1 Okay , so Robbie 's a little hokey - looking by today 's standards , and some of the acting is pretty stilted , and most of the special effects could now be duplicated by a bright 12 year old kid with a decent computer editing program . And do n't get me started about the poster.<br /><br />This is STILL a great movie , 40 years after it was released . I grew up watching " science fiction " on the local TV station 's " Science Fiction / Adventure Theater " on Sunday afternoons , so I 've seen quite a few SF movies from the ' 50s . At a time when most movies were content to slap a rubber costume on somebody and have him demolish a miniature model of a city , Forbidden Planet forever raised the bar and showed that it was possible to make a science fiction movie which actually had a plot.<br /><br />I doubt that many SF movies made in the ' 90s will still be considered worth watching in 2030 .
1 When one thinks of 1950s science fiction films one thinks of the sort of schlocky black and white B films that were parodied on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 television show . Yet , while there were far more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good films , the 1950s did have some very good , if not great , science fiction films like The Day The Earth Stood Still , The Incredible Shrinking Man , Invasion Of The Body Snatchers , War Of The Worlds , and The Thing From Another World . Yet , the best of the bunch , for its literacy and production values , was undoubtedly MGM 's first big foray into A level science fiction , Forbidden Planet , released in 1956 . It was a 98 minute color film , directed by Fred M. Wilcox , that featured then state of the art special effects , and was endowed with a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume , from a screen treatment called Fatal Planet , by Irving Block and Allen Adler , who adapted aspects of William Shakespeare 's The Tempest into it.<br /><br />The film drew raves when it was released , for its Oscar nominated special effects , its all electronic music score , by Louis and Bebe Barron ( although credited as Electronic Tonalities , to avoid music guild fees ) , vivid matte paintings- inspired by Chesley Bonestell , and the famed Monster Of The I d ( MOTI ) , which was animated by an animator , Joshua Meador , on loan from the Walt Disney studio . Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot , in his first role in either film or television . Later he would appear in the film The Invisible Boy- included in this DVD as a bonus , as well as several appearances in the 1960s sci fi TV shows The Twilight Zone , Night Gallery , and Lost In Space- with whose own robot he is often confused , and a cameo appearance in the 1984 film Gremlins.<br /><br />The tale is simple , but elegantly constructed , and filled with humorous asides that leaven the forced ' love story ' aspect in the film . In the 23rd Century , the United Planets Cruiser C-57D- a flying saucer , led by Commander J.J. Adams ( Leslie Nielsen- yes he was once a leading man type before his Police Squad days ) , is en route to the planet Altair IV , to investigate what happened to the crew of the Bellerophon , sent to the planet twenty years earlier . After a year 's journey , there they encounter the lone survivor of the party , Doctor Edward Morbius ( Walter Pidgeon ) , the Prospero stand - in- a philologist , his gorgeous blond daughter Altaira ( Anne Francis)- the Miranda character in a pre 1960s miniskirt , and Robby the Robot , the domestic servant who is the Calibanian counterpart . Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year , yet he was immune to it … . All in all , it 's a technically good film- especially with some rear projections and matte paintings , and the absurdity of the adult reactions to Timmy 's and Robby 's exploits borders an Dalian surreal absurdity . Yet , it 's manifest that the filmmakers had no sense of the sublime absurdity the film conjures , for it 's played straight , thus making it even funnier . As for the main feature ? Forbidden Planet deserves all its kudos . It 's not a perfect film , but it 's a great way to spend a couple of hours , and far better than Star Wars , which although made twenty years later seems much more outdated , and juvenile . Only such films like 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Solaris , Alien and Aliens , and the first two Terminator films , have really equaled or surpassed this classic in depth and effects.<br /><br />It 's worth knowing that , despite Forbidden Planet 's ' happy ending ' , there is the possibility that the MOTI is still dormant within Alta , as well . After all , she is her father 's daughter , and had an even more vivid nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time . Also , the film wisely only ' shows ' the MOTI once , and never shows the Krel , for the imagination can always conjure greater scares than the best special effects . The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the tale , something that far more realistic art films often fail to do . Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both defines yet transcends its era- unlike other sci fi films which were rather obvious Cold War allegories . Watch it , and you will agree , as well as sleep a little less easy . But , even if you do n't , there 's still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping . That alone is timeless .
1 I know I should like this film , and I do for the most part , but as other 's have mentioned , it is a bit long in the tooth . I to also found the raging hormones of the all male crew to be a bit annoying . It 's a wonder they did n't start panting and howling at the moons as well . I also have to say that overall , the movie leaves me cold . It 's a very sterile atmosphere that permeates the film . On the plus side the effects are great ( besides the cartoon monster ) , as are the effects , props , costumes and of course Robbie . If the robot was not in this film , I do n't think it would have been as popular as it was / is . The second half of the movie picks up steam once we start to investigate the forgotten gadgets of the " Krell . " As many times as I 've seen this movie , the Krell still leaves me scratching my head as to exactly who or what they were . Based on what was being produced at that time , besides " This Island Earth , " Forbidden Planet is miles above the average Sci - Fi movies of the time . Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment . Certainly a classic in its own right , flaws and all , and deservedly so .
1 Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " is a model for this exceptional science fiction film . We look for differences . Prospero and his daughter , Miranda , are stranded on a Mediterranean island . " Morbius and Altaira are marooned on the 4th planet circling the star Altair . Ariel is a spirit . Robby the Robot is a man - made servant . Caliban 's evil hardly approaches that of Monsters of the Id. Shakespeare spares Prospero . Morbius dies when Altair 4 blows up . " The Tempest " is a comedy . " Forbidden Planet " is a tragedy . We wonder if mankind must suffer the fate of the Krell in some future time . Anne Francis is Altaira . Jack Kelly is Lieutentant Farman . Kelly starred with James Garner in the comedy / western TV series , " Maverick . "
1 As did others in this forum , when " Fobidden Planet " was offered in 1956 , I rushed to see it . This story is an interesting phenomenon I suggest because young , old , male , female , sci - fi experts and people who find such fare ' way out " all can follow and enjoy this film 's story and plot lines very well . This is the first movie set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th Century other than serials such as " Flash Gordon " . Leslie Nielsen was vocally a bit weak for his role , at that time , but Walter Pigeon , Marvin Miller , Anne Francis , Richard Anderson , Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens all acquitted themselves very well . There are so many visual splendors in this one , it 's hard to choose a favorite from the film 's scenes . The approach to Altair-4 , the starship itself , the landing on the planet 's alien surface , the descent via extensor stairs , the first view of the landscape , the approach of the rocket - sled , Dr. Morbius 's house seen from without and from within , the underground complex and its wonders , the setup of the weaponry , the battle with the monster , the final approach of the unseen destroyer , the escape from the doomed planet -- all these scenes are etched into the viewer 's mind because we discover them along with the participants . Veteran Cyril Hume 's literate script was filmed intelligently by long - time director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination . it is a shock to realize there 's no music at all ; the film is carried by the words , the actors and the mystery - revelation storyline . It can be watched again and again with pleasure -- I have been doing so for nearly fifty years . Until this famous and well - loved film was created , no film had tried to imagine a world beyond Earth ; and for decades afterward , ships kept crashing back on the planet -- as if the writers ' imaginations were failing and causing the crashes . Still the best , many say . That says something negative about this nation 's so - called intellectual leaders ' imaginations -- and something very positive indeed I suggest about those who made this gem .
1 I should say at the outset there are many , many things I love about ' Forbidden Planet ' and yes , I certainly consider it a ' classic ' science - fiction film for many reasons . But the adulation it has received over the years goes a bit over the top in my opinion . No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says ' Forbidden Planet ' " ... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent movies of its genre . " Ambitious ? Without a doubt . Intelligent ? Depends on what part of the film you 're talking about . It certainly was the most prestigious and highly - budgeted science - fiction flick to that point . At a cost of nearly $ 2 million ( this was 1956 , remember ) , MGM pulled out all the stops to produce a dazzling , eye - popping outer space adventure unlike anything seen on the big screen before , even employing artists from the Disney studio for some of the more elaborate special effects . ' Charming ' is not usually a word used to describe special effects in sci - fi movies , yet that is the one that seems most appropriate here . Even the dreaded ' Monster from the I d ' is only a well - rendered cartoon figure by the Disney people , unlikely to frighten anyone over the age of 8 . When I see the various sets and take note of the art design , models , costumes , etc . , I am reminded of nothing so much as ' The Wizard of Oz , ' with its gorgeously saturated colors and elaborate if not always convincing effects . So much work has gone into these films that one is inclined to smile in admiration at the effort regardless . ' Forbidden Planet ' is wonderful to look at . The scenes take place on obvious stage sets that are fabulously decorated , matte paintings of planets and space in the background , and intricately designed miniature sand dunes and so forth to give the illusion of depth . It 's a bit like watching the most elaborately - produced stage play you 'd ever see . The most believable and convincing scenes are probably the ones inside the massive Krell complex , where shots showing the vast depth and width of this inner space are well - done and credible . But then we get to the actors , darn it . The performances are almost uniformly awful , though in fairness one has to say the dialogue hardly ever transcends the level of adolescent locker - room humor , except for some passages of barely adequate scientific technobabble . Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to giving such a hammy performance , it 's lugubrious at times . A very young Leslie Nielsen stars as the spaceship commander J.J. Adams , and does n't convey an ounce of believability or conviction in the entire film . He seems to instinctively know , thirty years ahead of time , that his true forte ' lay in comedy , as there are times he seems barely able to keep a straight face reciting his lines . Every forced reaction , whether it is anger or passion or solemn meditation , looks right out of a high school play . Anne Francis , also very young , fares a little better as the supposedly innocent Alta , whom we are to believe has never seen a human male other than her father until the crew of the spaceship shows up . ( Alta Morbius , now there 's a name for you . ) Unfortunately , even at this early age , Anne Francis seems about as virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in ' Butterfield 8 . ' There is a good story here , buried somewhere beneath the crew - mates ' leering comments about Alta and yet another juvenile subplot concerning Earl Holliman 's ' Cookie , ' ship 's cook . ( Holliman turns in a horrendous performance too . I 'm guessing all these actors went straight from this movie to acting school . ) Based on Shakespeare 's ' The Tempest , ' the story of a dead race , the Krell , and the fantastic world of machines they left behind is what most people tend to remember about ' Forbidden Planet , ' and for good reason . For a few minutes here and there , you can forget about the rest of the movie and be dazzled by the Disney artists ' conception of the Krell underground complex . Is it enough to make up for the rest of the film 's shortcomings ? You 'll have to decide that on your own . Oh , and of course there 's Robby the Robot , every 1950 's ten - year - old 's idea of what a robot should look and talk like . He 's funny . In places . So , ' Forbidden Planet ' to me is a very , VERY mixed bag . It deserves credit for being the inspiration for a whole wave of sci - fi films and TV shows that followed , not least of which was ' Star Trek . ' But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it 's more than well - staged comic book sci - fi go back and watch it again .
1 I 've now seen this one about 10 times , so there must be something about it I like!<br /><br />50 's US sci - fi movies were pretty much a mixed bunch : they were either intelligently made and/or thought provoking or cheap and laughable cheese . Forbidden Planet is a bit of both , but in that rarity for the genre , colour.<br /><br />It also had a head start with the script - although Shakespeare might not have recognised it , it was based on his timeless play and thus guaranteed a certain amount of longevity itself if made well.<br /><br />It 's the story of one mans murderous i d artificially magnified infinitely by machines a dead race left switched on 200,000 years before . Along the way the plot bristles with 50 's stereotypes and corn so pure you wonder sometimes why you 're watching it , but always do . That love triangle thing ... yuk ! Disney 's cartoonery still holds up well , and the cartoon backgrounds straight off the covers of Galaxy magazine etc look good even after 50 years . Robbie driving the car over the desert in the far distance is a hoot though!<br /><br />All in all , with all faults , the best of its kind and we should be grateful that such a pristine print survives .
1 Certain elements of this film are dated , of course . An all white male crew , for instance . And like most Pre - Star Wars Science Fiction , it tends to take too long admiring itself.<br /><br />But , still , no movie has ever capture the flavor of Golden Age Science Fiction as this one did , even down to the use of the " electronic tonalities " to provide the musical score . Robbie the Robot epitomized the Asimov robots , and was the inspiration for all that followed , from C3PO to Data.<br /><br />The plot line , of course , is Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " . Morbius is Prospero , and exiled wizard who finds his kingdom invaded by interlopers ... It was a movie that treated Science Fiction as an adult genre , perhaps the first .
1 I was surprised at how a movie could be both cheesy and excellent at the same time . The Frisbee flying saucer was naff beyond comprehension , especially when landing , yet the specially effects when the Krell attacked were awesome for a film that was made over half a century ago ! Living in the middle east I saw shades of Islam creep in when JJ Adams suggested Alta should dress more modestly , and as an engineer , was amazed by the imagination used for the ' futuristic ' gadgets , and gizmos dreamed up by the props department . All in all , an entertaining hour and a half , my first time seeing Walter Pidgeon and a chance to see Leslie Neilsen as a ' young ' man
1 Forbidden Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is precious in cinema , especially from the 1950s . There was The Day the Earth Stood Still and War of the Worlds , but lest not forget this gem which took some of its story from Shakespeare 's The Tempest to tell a tale of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor on it who has made a remarkable breakthrough . It 's the kind of breakthrough that is not so much incredible to look at ( though for 1956 it does look quite amazing to look at some of those sets and that gigantic machine the doctor creates ) , but with its emphasis on the characters and its themes of technology taken too far by the more primitive side of human nature even when we do n't know we 're channeling it.<br /><br />On the surface- that is in the first ten minutes- it looks standard , if a little more professionally acted and directed with better skill than the B - movies of the period . A ship of astronauts are on a mission to the planet Altair-4 to bring back an expedition that went missing decades before . But the only one left is Dr. Morbis ( Walter Pidgeon ) and his daughter , who somehow were immune to an attack that left everyone else dead . Morbius appears to be a cordial and highly intelligent man , and his technology looks to be so impressive that the only thing the astronauts , led by the Skipper ( Leslie Nielsen ) , can think to do is to report it back to their superiors on Earth.<br /><br />But there 's a catch - something is killing off members of the crew of the ship , one by one , every night , even when the others keep an eye out and then put up an invisible electric fence , which the invisible something goes through easily . Meanwhile , there 's some romance possibly between the Skipper and Alraira , and there 's a more pushy vibe from the doctor : you should n't have come to the planet to start , and now you need to go . What happens from this is even more fascinating , just on a purely intellectual level , but Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also be entertained by this story while getting some useful ideas . While everyone may remember Robbie the Robot , and for good reason , perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster realized on screen with the crew firing to no avail , animated with red electricity and looking so beastly that it looks out of Fantasia.<br /><br />The acting from Pidgeon is subtle : you would n't expect him to be a villain , though something is there in the character and in the performance that speaks to this , and by the end it makes the character far more complex than one would expect . And the other performances are workmanlike but also excellent , from Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman providing some great comic relief as the Cook ( who , I should add , helps with one of the funniest scenes in the film with those gallons of bourbon Robbie provides ) . And the effects for its time are extraordinary ( sophisticated in a nostalgic pulp way for today too ) , and the music , done by electronics , is beautiful in its " tones " . But ultimately it 's the screenplay and careful direction from Hilcox that puts this a notch above the rest of the B - movie lot . When it 's meant to be funny , it 's intentionally so and it works . When it 's dramatic it connects quite well even in its stiff moments with the actors . And when we are made to think about a horrible situation , it comes on gradually , with nuance , not shoved in our faces or injected with mega - action.<br /><br />An inspiration for many other sci - fi films , and a fine marker of thoughtful science fiction stories and books from time - old , it 's a classy and entertaining classic .
1 This has always been one of my favourite movies , and will always be . Over the last few years I have become a 50 's / 60 's Sci - fi freak , trying to collect all of the better ones that were made back then . I love lots of things about them from how corny they could be to how technically correct some of them were . The great colours and the sets get me going too . It 's a pity when they re - make some of these good old movies ; they nearly always stuff it up , - just look at the recent re - do of The day the Earth stood still , it 's utter garbage ! ! Forbidden Planet is one of the benchmark space films of all time , and now they 're trying to re - make it too , and I shudder to think what the new one will be like ! To my mind , some things , such as fantastic classic movies , should just be left alone to be what they are , classic examples of great attempts at telling simple stories , and giving people a thrill in the process . Once they add all the techno - crap that we have available now , the film just seems to be more dog - meat from the Hollywood sausage factory , - nothing special at all . By the way , I notice that the astronauts ' uniforms in Forbidden Planet were also used for " Queen of Outer Space " ! That just tells you that the budgets were a bit lower back then , does n't it ? Hey , less money and better films , hmmm .... <br /><br />Great performances in this movie from Leslie Nielsen , in a serious role , and Anne Francis , Walter Pidgeon ( who has always been one of my favourite actors ) , Earl Holiman , and of course Robby the Robot!<br /><br />The special effects are fantastic , and the storyline is not too far - fetched . This is a great sci - fi experience !
1 this was one of those $ .50 cent deals of yore --- and far more complex than most realize --- and it was in color ! not only are the effects extraordinary , vs. crap like ' earth vs. the flying saucers'---the real ' killer ' is the ' universality of plot'---everything hinges on two principles --- the ancient concept of a hidden incestuous - thinking father 's desire for his daughter , and the idea of what would happen should a world 's tech reach the point where all citizen 's desires become manifest.<br /><br />needless to say if everyone we wished dead gets dead , not many , if any left --- and that became the fate of the ' forbidden ' planet 's populace --- rather modern , actually . unfortunately the ' gear ' of ' The Krell'---wasted by ignorance , remains , and ' Morpheus ' , the incestuous father , knows how to access such tech --- and does so , to prevent losing his daughter to another . ancient plot , beautifully rendered.<br /><br />and considering its age , it remains a stunning suspense , action , human - emotion classic --- and visually very modern --- don't pass this one up --- it presages all modern sci - fi --- and its pscychological content elevates it , beyond any genre --- a timeless work---<br /><br />and the soundtract ! you will see / hear no pure ' synth ' and perfectly syched Moog background --- a ' not miss'---
1 FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples of Hollywood SF films . Its influence was felt for more than a decade . However , certain elements relating to how this wide - screen entertainment was aimed at a mid - fifties audience that is now gone have dated it quite a bit , and the film 's sometimes sluggish pacing does n't help . But , the story 's compelling central idea involving the ancient , extinct Krell civilization and " monsters from the I d " has n't lost its appeal and continue to make this film a relevant " must see " movie . What I 'm mostly interested in saying here is that the current DVD for this movie is terrible . The movie has never really looked that good on home video and it 's elements are in dire need of restoration . I hope that will happen soon and we get a special edition of this SF classic .
1 But this is a great martial arts film . Liu Chia Liang ranks second to none as a fight choreographer , only Sammo Hung at his best compares . This is immediately clear from his proud exhibition of technique -rather than flashy camera angles etc . - during fights . The direction is tightly controlled to not only excite the viewer by the speed and movement but to awe her with the precise skill displayed . This film benefits also from Liu 's participation in front of the camera . Liu 's performance at the banquet scene with which the film opens is one of the high points in kung fu movie history . Liu is supported by the beautiful and talented Hui Ying Hung ( of My Young Auntie fame ) and ' Hsiao Hou ' whose acrobatics are breathtaking , and preferable to any amount of wirework As for the plot , this film follows the not uncommon theme of revenge , but with character and moral development along the way , and a most fitting resolution . The humour in this is also of the best . If you only watch one kung fu film ever , this would be a good choice- it has it all .
1 This is another great movie I had the good fortune to see for the first time on the big screen ( thanks to Rick Baker et al ) . Back in the late 80 's I was a relative newcomer to the genre and only really new about the big three JC , SH & YB . I was n't sure what to expect when I payed my hard earned money to see this in a " Triple bill of Classics " at the old Scala . I need not have worried , I was left breathless by this movie . If you 're a fan of Hong Kong Action / Kung Fu movies and have n't seen this movie , do so NOW !
1 When " Good Times " premiered in 1974 , it was one the first black family sitcoms . It centered on the poor Chicago - based Evans family and their struggles to make ends . Most of the early episodes focused on the parents , James and Florida Evans , and their struggle to provide for the family . John Amos and Esther Rolle were the best part of the show . They were terrific actors and had great chemistry as James and Florida Evans . They had three kids : J.J. , Thelma , and Michael . J.J. was the skirt - chasing but well - meaning teenage son who made up for his lack of subtletly with artistic talent . Thelma was an attractive , bright girl who was constantly trading insults with J.J. Michael was a near child prodigy who was well - educated on social issues and was destined to become a lawyer.<br /><br />In 1976 , the producers made a huge mistake by firing John Amos , literally killing off his character . This really changed the focus , and not for the good I might add . The shows began to focus more on J.J. and his buffoon - like behavior which angered black viewers as well as series star Esther Rolle , who left after the next season . Instead of a show that focused on key African - American issues that existed in society at the time , viewers got shows that were overloaded with skirt chasing and fat jokes.<br /><br />Once Esther Rolle left , the quality of the show suffered even more . Although it was still watchable , it was no longer the great ground - breaking show that it once was.<br /><br />Although Esther Rolle came back for the 1978 season , it became obvious that the show was on its last legs . All loose ends were tied up during that season and the show quietly faded off the air.<br /><br />First three season : A. Last three seasons : C+ .
1 Good Times was a groundbreaking comedy about the first nuclear black family living in the Chicago projects . Whether or not , you live in the inner cities , ghettos , suburbs , or rural countryside , this show is still a treasure to watch and observe a family being just a family rather than a show about a poor black family . But they do n't dwell on it . They find humor and have strong family values and morals . Despite the story behind the scenes , this show was worth keeping on the air except I did n't like them killing off the father which I agreed with Esther Rolle who fought hard to keep the family together . But despite all the fights behind the scenes , Good Times was a show about a family . We all loved JJ 's dynamite and his antics . We watched Janet Jackson 's Penny grow up a little . This show was groundbreaking to show despair in drugs , gangs , and alcoholism . Without being to preachy , The Evans always tried to do the right thing rather than do something wrong to get out of the ghetto .
1 I would like to know why John Amos left the show , and how did he die off the show again ? I could n't relate to everything , but sometimes they hit home with the problems they were facing . By the way , did they ever make it out of the ghetto ? I think the episode with the black Jesus was my favorite . We got to see them experience a few good times . something they did n't have very often . I wish they would bring the show back . During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch . I do n't think a movie or a new show would work . Especially without the original cast . They are really what made Good Times GoodTimes . These are my questions and comments . Thank You ! !
1 " GOOD TIMES , " in my opinion , is a must - see CBS hit ! Despite the fact that I 've never seen every episode , I still enjoy it . It 's hard to say which one is my favorite . Also , I really love the theme song . If you ask me , even though I like everyone , it would have been nice if everyone had stayed on the show throughout its entire run . Everyone always gave a good performance , the production design was spectacular , the costumes were well - designed , and the writing was always very strong . In conclusion , even though it can be seen on TV Land now , I strongly recommend you catch it just in case it goes off the air for good .
1 First , I'll give my rating for the series overall ; * * * * * * * 7 out of ten stars . I 've taken away three for the downhill slide this series suffered after John Amos departed . Do n't get me wrong there were hard hitting episodes later but only after Esther Rolle left for a season and returned.<br /><br />In February of 1974,a really great sit - com ( with dramatic overtones)premiered on CBS . It was a TV first , a show about an African - American family living in the Chicago Projects in the 1970s . Created by Norman Lear as a spin - off of " Maude",he once again struck the right chord with viewers . < br /><br />Not since this show have I seen a situation comedy directly talk about the struggles of inner - city families . ( Well , there was Fox 's " South Central " in ' 94 but was not renewed . ) < br /><br />John Amos as James Evans Sr . was the ultimate father figure for this family and acted as any father should to keep his family together and his kids from going down the wrong paths in life.<br /><br />Esther Rolle was a wonderful no non - sense mother figure who was on the same page as her husband when it came to their kids upbringing . < br /><br />Ralph Carter as Michael a young but very bright young man for his age but stuck in a school system that does n't meet his academic needs . His character 's name is the same as the show 's founder Mike Evans who was Lionel Jefferson on " The Jeffersons " . ( Mike Evans passed away Dec. 2006).<br /><br />Thelma is a young girl of 16 or 17 and has to deal with the dangers of being a young woman in the streets of the ghetto . Jimmie Walker as J.J. Evans Jr. is the typical young wise - cracking , jiving kind of young man who does not take life seriously enough.<br /><br />Simply put , all my favorite episodes are with John Amos , with the exception of the Penny Gordon / Janet Jackson story lines.<br /><br />After the demise of the James Evans character , the show lost it 's stability and viewers departed . Esther Rolle left for an entire year , not wanting to play second fiddle to JJ 's smart - aleck " Dyno - mite 's " ! < br /><br />She returned the next season , after securing a guarantee that the writer 's would even things out . Florida 's neighbor Wilona Woods was a divorced woman who ended up adopting an abused little girl Penny Gordon ( played by a then 10 year old Janet Jackson ) . Penny 's abusive mother was played by Totie Fields , Kim Fields ' Mother.<br /><br />In August of 1979 the show came to an end , with all leaving the projects for a better life . JJ the artist had sold an idea to a comic - book company , Michael went off to live on campus at college . < br /><br />Wilona & Penny , Thelma & football player husband Keith + Florida all moved into the same building in uptown Chicago . Not the most realistic ending but by that time it did n't matter .
1 This show was a landmark in American comedy as it was the first sitcom to star an all Afro - American cast . Sadly though it was never broad - casted on British TV.<br /><br />The Evans family are a poor Afro - American family living in a tower block . The Dad is called James , he tries to run the house , but his wife Florida always gets the better of him . The three children are the artistic JJ , the moody Thelma and the young intellectual child Michael . Always coming into the house is Florida 's gossipy friend Willona.<br /><br />I watched two episodes of this show on youtube ( Black Jesus and Sex and the Evans Family- the only two on the site ) . You may be thinking why has an English viewer watched a series that has never been shown or hardly heard of in his country . The answer is this . In 1976 , Britains first all black sitcom came out called " The Fosters " Only two series were made and it now seems forgotten . But I watched an episode and was really impressed . Then I learnt that the scripts were identical to " Good Times " . They were exactly the same characters but with different names- Sam Foster was the Dad , his wife was Pearl Foster and the three children were Sonny ( a young Lenny Henry ) , Shirley and Benjamin . Pearl 's gossipy friend was Vilma . ( To read about The Fosters , I have wrote a review about that ) . Whilst watching " Good Times " only two things annoyed me . First off was the opening theme tune ( awful ) and secondly was the audience laughter . I like audience laughter , but in this somebody would say a slightly funny line and the audience would go mad and start clapping . Apart from that it was a very funny show . Let 's hope more episodes turn up on youtube and lets hope that someone will release " The Fosters " on DVD in England.<br /><br />Best Episode : Sex and the Evans family- Series 1 episode 6 . The Foster 's episode of it was called Sex in the Black Community . The other episode I saw , Black Jesus was a title of one episode of " The Fosters "
1 When people think of downtown Chicago they think of Walter Payton , Ditka and " Da Bears " , Ryne Sandberg , The White Sox breaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships ( and Finals MVP 's ) with the Chicago Bulls . Rarely in this generation do people think of the struggling side of Chicago , the ghettos , the drug infested streets and life in the urban housing projects during the 1970's.<br /><br />One of television 's most formidable shows ever and a groundbreaking sitcom was " Good Times " , which I remember vaguely as a small child on CBS , and I enjoy regularly now on TV Land.<br /><br />"Good Times " was another Norman Lear classic , the producer that gave us " The Jeffersons " , the best African American sitcom of all time and " All in the Family " the greatest show of all time . " Good Times " brought out the hardships of the ghetto and the urban housing projects , and did so with charm , well written and thoughtful plots , and some wonderful acting especially by the matriarch and patriarch of this struggling ghetto family played by Esther Rolle and John Amos . The children in the supporting cast were also pretty good especially the ever popular Janet Jackson in her early years and Ralph Carter as Florida and James Evans youngest son whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair , and he has to learn to stand on his own two feet.<br /><br />The eldest of the children J.J. played by Jimmy Walker is somewhat out of place on this show and is there mainly for comic relief . His emotional age is about 11 or 12 even though he looks like a guy in his early twenties . J.J. gets annoying , and it is a credit to the often nasty James Evans ( Amos ) that he never tells J.J. to get his own life , get a job and get out of the house . J.J. is an aspiring painter but unlike his younger brother is never serious about getting a college degree , or more important to the family getting a job to help support a household that is just above welfare status.<br /><br />Two classic episodes of Good Times was the one where the Janet Jackson character is running a fever of 104 , and Florida Evans is desperately seeking good medical help for her ca n't afford anything but a clinic doctor who is very professional yet does n't want to give a family from the projects any more attention than she legally has to . The other episode is the one where James Evans ca n't afford the rent a paltry low $ 104 a month . The Evans are about to get the largest of family setbacks , being thrown out of the projects with no where to go . Florida Evans goes downtown to the board of social services to try to get either a loan or a grant to help her family . But the government does n't consider her family poor because they have over $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five which is unfairly but unfortunately legally over the poverty line . James and the kids want to hustle for the money , but Florida is a person of great moral character and does n't want to do anything dishonest no matter how dire their predicament is . In the end the family does find a solution to keep their heads above water.<br /><br />"Good Times " a classic show from the 1970 's is about keeping you 're head above water in a cruel world . James and Florida Evans both work hard in menial jobs to try to bring their children up right and avoid the social stigma of welfare . I was too young to understand the message of the sitcom as a toddler in the 70s in its first airing on CBS , but I really enjoy the reruns on TV Land in 2006 . " Good Times " is one of the classic sitcoms from back in the day .
1 This was what black society was like before the crack epidemics , gangsta rap , and AIDS that beset the ghettos in the eighties . Decent , hardworking families that struggled to get by and all the traumas and tribulations they faced . Black America was a different group of people in the seventies . Still full of hope and flying high on the civil rights movements of the sixties , times were hard but still worth fighting for . Keepin ' your head above water , making a wave when you can , this show showed how black society struggled to work together as people and families , before they started to prey on each other and everyone else in order to survive the horrors of the ghettos . It is heart - breaking to see what the black ghettos were like then and what they have become now .
1 Back in 74 Eric Monte made the classic T.V show Good Times . JJ has always been my favorite and I love watching the Reruns on T.V Land . Jimmie Walker always seemed to be the star and not Esther Rolle . John Amos most of the time felt a little jealous of Jimmie Walker 's popularity winning millions of fans time to sit and watch Good Times . The show would have been dead if JJ would't have been there to save it with his always Kool Aid attitude . Drinking KOOL AID was like his favorite thing on the show . I was 3 when it came out and 8 when it ended . Instead of 1974 - 1979 it should have went longer like in the 1980 's when I was just growing up .
1 Like The Jeffersons , Good Times was one of the those classic American sitcoms which was never aired in the UK , not to mention it came out in the 1970s- a decade where of which I was n't born yet.<br /><br />But like most fans of the show , I watched a few episodes on You Tube- and afterwards , I loved it.<br /><br />The Evans family are headed by James and Florida- two parents trying to make ends meet , and who despite their lack of qualifications , encourage their children , who have their own aspirations in life to fulfil them and to take their chances . James was the strict but loving dad , who did n't dare hesitate in disciplining J.J , Michael and Thelma- should they over - step the line . Whilst Florida , in contrast was a fair , kind- hearted and considerate mother and loving wife , although she was in many ways similar to James , with regards to their attitudes to parenthood and family values from an Afro- American perspective.<br /><br />The kids were just as lively and entertaining as the parents themselves : J.J was an aspiring artist with a goofy personality and crazy sense of humour , who would often wear multi - coloured outfits , and whose ' DY - NO - MITE ' catchphrase is as infectious and familiar as Arnold Jackson 's ' Whatchoo talking ' 'bout Willis ? ' from Diff'rent Strokes . Michael was the smart - alec , who dreams of becoming a lawyer , whilst sister Thelma had her own dreams and hopes . Her verbal taunts with J.J were mostly hilarious , as was the love / hate relationship between brother and sister , which was played out extremely well by both Mike Evans and Bernadette Stanis.<br /><br />Over the seasons , there were a few cameo appearances made , most notably from Janet Jackson , Debbie Allen and a young Gary Coleman as himself ! I actually prefer Good Times over say , The Cosby Show , which was an 80s show because a ) I preferred the Evans family over the Huxtables , both in terms of a ) characterisation and b)as I felt it tackled serious and difficult social issues , in a way that resonated with many viewers . It was a comedy but it was also a social commentary which aimed to highlight the lives of working class , Afro- Americans in 1970s America . The Cosby Show attempted to cater to the mainstream audience in a ' candy coated ' way , as the Huxtables were portrayed as Blacks who easily assimilated themselves into an upper - class U.S culture we would associate Whites with , whereas Good Times in contrast was much more ' edgier ' and it was not afraid to address themes such as drug and child abuse in a realistic way . I actually found that whilst The Cosby Show can be fun to watch at times , it lacked that bit of ' sassiness ' which Good Times has and of which made it trendier and cooler.<br /><br />The show did jump the shark during the latter seasons , as it continued after John Amos 's character , James died in a freak accident ( in reality , it was known at the time that John had quit Good Times for good . And so , his character 's death was written as it is on the show ) . Without John , the show suffered and alas , it lost a lot of its charm.<br /><br />Still , for a sitcom , Good Times ticked all the right boxes . If only they had shown this in the UK during the 80s . As it certainly is , as JJ would put it , ' DY - NO - MITE ! ! ' < br /><br />My rating : 8 and a half
1 After enjoying this show for years , I use to dream of being able to see them all again and share them with my grandchildren . I am so happy to pay a small amount for the memories that I have found recorded on DVD . Florida was a caring mother with a loving hard working husband , one spoiled beautiful daughter and two sons as different as day and night . Michael , the baby son is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown . I know many Afro - Americans disliked this show , but I know many can relate and should have accepted it as it was . My heart was sad when I learned that Ester Rolle had passed . Tyler Perry is now the leading writer actor of today and I support his work , but not as much since he made such cruel mocking of Rolle in one of his plays . No one should have to hear ugly things about physical appearance . The show started getting less interesting when Daddy James died . It picked up a bit when Florida remarried , but slumped when she took an absence from the show . In all , the show was great and again I am pleased to own copies of part of my past . I do try to keep up with the work of the former stars of Good Times , and I must say , they are one group who has not been wiped up and down with rumors . I think children of today will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching with children . Congrats to the writer , crew , and stars for years of renewed memories of a time that I can once again enjoy without having to skip scenes.<br /><br />OK so I watch the shows over and over . Lately I have noticed thing that has made me rethink the series , but not dislike them . I think Florida was a bit harsh when it came to money that the children made . Not that the children did not need supervision , but it was done in a way that makes Florida 's mothering different . The scenes where Florida had to speak about how other people were not very good looking bothers me now . When James was alive , the show made a big thing out of James wanting his own Fix - it shop , but never lived to see his family out of the projects , but Florida marries someone who owns a fix - it shop . A bit of a slap in the face to an actor who should have ended his time on Good Times showing that he accomplished all he strove for . Lastly , As I watch the shows , I see the series going in to overtime and being renamed " JJ " . To be truthful , after James left everything mostly centered around JJ . Not a bad thing , just a noticeable thing . I would not trade my DVD 's for any amount of money , but time , maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while .
1 Another Norman Lear hit detailing the problems that African Americans had to go through in the turbulent 1960s and 1970s.<br /><br />With Esther Rolle and husband along with 3 children living in a Chicago high - rise project in a predominantly black neighborhood , the show depicted what black people were going through with a landlord ( black agent Mr. Bookman ) as well as prices and the day - to - day problems of just existing.<br /><br />The 3 children depicted how people seem to face their problems differently- from the comical JJ to the militant Ralph Carter , to their daughter who also aspired to attain success , this show was a perfect description of African - American life .
1 Reading all of the comments Are very exciting . but can someone please tell me the name of the real artist that painted the pictures for the good times broadcast . I realize that everyone refers to j.j . as the artist in the family but , there was a real family that has the real artist , and he has n't gotten any credit in this sight yet . So if you do n't mind if someone can tell the name of the real artist I would also like to tell him " job well done " . I know this Sight is for the GOOD TIMES cast but , would n't you agree that he has also touched the hearts of us all . I would like to know if he still paints or , if he is still alive . I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home .
1 I LOVED GOOD TIMES with the rest of many of you . I love reading INTELLIGENT and INSIGHTFUL commentary . The writers on THIS show were fantastic and the Actors were beyond TALENTED . To answer Strawberry22 ( the neatest commentary to the other superior and positive commentary) ... What happened was that James was killed in an accident ( I believe I remember that it was a trucking accident or car accident ) and it was the saddest episode ( when it first aired and I was a tiny thing ... it was so sad to me .. ).<br /><br />Florida and the Children actually get out of the projects and EVEN become neighbors with Willona ( Wilnona ) and that is how the very last show ended.<br /><br />ALL of the children achieved their dreams and found opportunity in each of their dreams . It was a wonderful ending and I cried because I was happy for them and the show seemed so realistic that I actually believed in their fate . I hope that this kind of ending rings true in actually for many.<br /><br />A great show and many other great shows followed including Benson and The Jeffersons . This was an awesome period for African - American television and the best writers were awesome at that time . TV LAND is Awesome for the memories and I just LOVE it because I can not STAND the junk that we are watching today . SOMEBODY ... bring back the 1970s and 1980s quickly ... your intelligent viewers are a dying breed out here and we need better material.<br /><br />Love , a TV LAND original sitcom junkie of the 70s and 80s ( as they sing in " ALL in the Family" ... those were the days ......
1 Holly addresses the issue of child sexploitation that is rampant all over the world ( some 2 million children are trafficked every year ) and does so sensitively and without manipulation -- a tall order that the team at Priority Films does with great success . American actor Ron Livington stars in the film alongside newcomer Thuy Nguyen , a Vietnamese actress who plays Holly , and together they bring to screen what is commonplace to the people at the notorious k11 redlight district in Cambodia . Although it tackles a heavy topic , the film holds on to moments of laughter and hope as we get to know the characters up close , keeping the two - hour film from being one that is too difficult to watch . I am glad a film like this is bringing the world 's attention to the problem . Child prostitution needs to be stopped and this is a very good first step . It 's GREAT and a film EVERYONE must see .
1 Child ' Sexploitation ' is one of the most serious issues facing our world today and I feared that any film on the topic would jump straight to scenes of an explicitly sexual nature in order to shock and disturb the audience . After having seen both ' Trade ' and ' Holly ' , one film moved me to want to actually see a change in international laws . The other felt like a poor attempt at making me cry for five minutes with emotive music and the odd suicide . < br /><br />I do not believe that turning this issue into a Hollywood tear jerker is a useful or necessary strategy to adopt and I must commend the makes of ' Holly ' for engaging subtly but powerfully with the terrible conditions these children are sadly forced to endure . ' Trade ' wavered between serious and stupid with scenes involving the death of a cat coming after images that represented children being forced to commit some horrendous acts . I found this unengaging and at times offensive to the cause . If I had wanted a cheap laugh I would not have signed up for a film on child trafficking . < br /><br />For anyone who would like to watch a powerful film that actually means something I would suggest saving the money on the cinema ticket for the release of ' Holly ' .
1 " Holly " is an issue - driven film , but it is neither manipulative nor overly sentimental . At its heart is it is a character - driven film , which would n't be nearly so successful without the fleshed - out portrayals of Patrick ( Ron Livingston ) , the lost soul with the gradually awakening conscience , and Holly ( Thuy Nguyen ) , the strong - willed but ultimately over - matched young Vietnamese girl . From the vibrant locations and photography to the effective editing , everything is forthright and well - done . The contemporary classical score may put some off at first , but it is top - notch composition and underscores the admirable restraint which is evident throughout . This film , which raises many issues but provides few clear - cut answers , ultimately succeeds in raising awareness of and compassion for Holly and the many who share her plight . Kudos to those who managed to get it made .
1 Hood of the Living Dead had a lot to live up to even before the opening credits began . First , any play on " ... of the living dead " invokes His Holiness Mr. Romero and instantly sets up a high standard to which many movies can not afford to aspire . And second , my movie - watching companion professed doubt that any urban horror film would surpass the seminal Leprechaun In the Hood . Skeptical , we settled in to watch . < br /><br />We were rewarded with a surprisingly sincere and good - hearted zombie film . Oh , certainly the budget is low , and of course the directors ' amateurs friends populate the cast , but Hood of the Living Dead loves zombie cinema . Cheap ? Yeah . But when it 's this cheap , you can clearly see where LOVE holds it together . < br /><br />Ricky works in a lab during the day and as a surrogate parent to his younger brother at night . He dreams of moving out of Oakland . Before this planned escape , however , his brother is shot to death in a drive - by . Ricky 's keen scientific mind presents an option superior to CPR or 911 : injections of his lab 's experimental regenerative formula . Sadly , little bro wakes up in an ambulance as a bloodthirsty Oakland zombie ! Chaos and mayhem ! I think it 's more economical to eat your enemies than take vengeance in a drive - by , but then again , I 'm a poor judge of the complexities of urban life . ( How poor a judge ? In response to a gory scene involving four men , I opined " Ah - ha ! White t - shirts on everyone so the blood shows up . Economical ! I used the same technique in my own low - budget horror film . " Jordan replied , " No , that 's gang dress . White t - shirts were banned from New Orleans bars for a time as a result . " Oh.)<br /><br />A lot of the movie is set in someone 's living room , so there 's a great deal of hanging out and waiting for the zombies . But the characters are sympathetic and the movie is sincere-- it surpasses its budget in spirit . < br /><br />Zombie explanation : When man plays God , zombies arise ! Or , perhaps : Follow FDA - approved testing rules before human experimentation ! < br /><br />Contribution to the zombie canon : This is the first zombie movie I 've seen with a drive - by shooting . As far as the actual zombies go , infection is spread with a bite as usual , but quite unusually head shots do n't work-- it 's heart shots that kill . Zombies have pulses , the absence of which proves true death . And these zombies make pretty cool jaguar - growl noises . < br /><br />Gratuitous zombie movie in - joke : A mercenary named Romero . Groan . < br /><br />Favorite zombie : Jaguar - noise little brother zombie , of course !
1 According to this board , I guess either you love it or hate it . Usually how it goes with all movies . There is no need to get testy with others though . All we are doing here is giving opinions . I rented this movie last night and I want to come and throw my opinion in the mix . I was surprised by how many people are thrashing it though . There 's a difference between a movie fan and a horror movie fan . I 'm a horror movie fan . Most plain olé ' movie fans do n't like horror movies . So many low budget cam corder looking movies are coming out these days . It 's hard to keep up . And what makes it tough to stay into these movies is how bad they are . I wanted to come and write a review about " Hood of the Living Dead " because it 's pretty damn good compared to the rest of the junk out there . It 's nothing special but it 's those horror film makers that try to be too serious that end up making a horrible horror film . I really liked this one . You telling me there is no effort in this one ? And one more thing , I bet all of you have all of these huge DVD collections that you are so proud of , nothing but Major Motion Pictures right ? Nothing wrong with that , but you have to know how to appreciate low - budget independent . I knew what I was getting when I watched this movie . I 'm not going to be upset because I thought it was going to be some 100 million dollar movie . Some of you might need to stick with watching the Matrix over and over again and stop trying to compare everything to the Matrix . And if most of you are under 24 , that explains everything . Good movie folks , check it out .
1 Good times working with the Quiroz Brothers , and the entire cast on this project as the " Guy on the Bench . " I was amazed how well they accomplished capturing all the identifiable traits of a true " B " horror film . Hopefully I will have the opportunity to work with Pumpkin Patch Pictures team again in the future . I moved to Detroit shortly after completion and have been recognized in public on several occasions since the release . One time was actually in the video store and the girl damn near lost her mind . It was pretty funny and that was my 1st real autograph moment as I signed her receipt . One day I asked the girl at Blockbuster if the movie is rented often , and she confirmed by looking it up in the computer . At the time it was renting more than Ring2 which was also a new release at the time ... The title really captures immediate interest in the more urban markets . She also noticed on many occasions the movie had not been returned by the customer leading me to believe the movie is just so good people do n't want to give it back .... Watch out for ZoMbIeS when in the hood cause they will get ya ! Jaysun Barr ( Guy on the Bench-2005 )
1 When I watch a low budget film I know what to expect . I expect the acting not to be as good ( budget reasons ) , I expect the lighting not to be as good ( budget reasons)I expect the sound not to be as good ( budget again ) . Stop judging these low budget movies like a big budget film ! ! ! I 'm a filmmaker myself so I understand the budget constraints on a low budget film . Stealing locations , shots etc ... the list goes on and on . I do n't want to say all the acting was bad . Jose Rosete , Chris Angelo , Victor Zaragoza are good . Raul Martinez is a natural . Not sold on Carl Washington yet . He has to understand that every line is not important , some are throw away lines . I say if a film makes you want to see what happens next , it 's a good film . I liked this movie . I gave it an 8 . I wanted to see what was gon na happen next . Great job Quiroz brothers !
1 Man , if anyone was expecting a great zombie movie after reading that title , then you are a retard and you deserve to be disappointed . As for myself , I was expecting a low - budgeted cheeseball zombie flick- and that 's exactly what I got . I was n't disappointed at all . I thought it was a cool little movie . The zombies were exactly as they should be , because all of the zombies had JUST been turned , so they are freshly - undead zombies . Obviously they did that because it would 've been pretty costly if they had done full - on rotted zombie FX . I understood the whole thing , I have no idea how anyone could seriously nitpick this movie . It 's called " HOOD OF THE LIVING DEAD " for the love of God ! Would you watch " Redneck Zombies " and ANY Uwe Boll movie and actually EXPECT it to be great ? Of course not ! So why there are some morons on IMDb whining like school girls about this movie , I 'll never understand . Oh and YES , there ARE worse movies out there , so stop saying that this was the worst you 've ever seen , 'cause you know you 're full of it ! You ever watch " ZOMBIEZ " ? ? ? ? Or " Feardotcom " ? ? ? ? ? Or " House Of The Dead " ? ? ? ? THOSE are some of the worst I 've ever seen . If you ca n't see that it 's just a low- budgeted zombie movie obviously made by zombie movie fans , then something 's wrong with you . I just had fun with it . Thumbs up from me and I 'd also like to see a sequel .
1 I 'll be honest . I got this movie so I could make fun of it . I mean , come on , " Hood of the Living Dead " ? What other reaction could I have ? The thing is , though , the movie ( and its makers ) decided that it was n't going to be made fun of . Instead , it was going to try its best to be a good movie.<br /><br />And you know what ? It came awfully close . A little less cheese in the incidental music , a little more professionalism in the photography , the acting , the incidentals ( like the props -- love the Best Buy bag) ... well , it 's not a classic of the zombie movie genre , but it 's still a pretty neat little movie on its own . And the acting , writing and pacing are all surprisingly better than I would have expected . There 's even some decent humor , as two of our leads debate how to decide if a dead zombie is really dead.<br /><br />If you can overlook the low budget ( which leaves its fingerprints in everything , alas ) and the almost constant profanity , this can be a pretty fun time at the movies . No , it ai n't great . Yes , it could have been better . But the makers , the actors , the crew , they all tried to make a good film ( instead of a camp classic ) and that counts for a lot . The line of campy zombie films is a mile long , and thank you , guys , for not adding to it.<br /><br />Kudos to the Quiroz brothers . I 'd love to see what they do next . And hey , somebody , give them a budget !
1 There have been " race " pictures almost from the beginnings of the movie business . Films starring almost entirely black casts have been made by segregated Poverty Row studios ( more often than not owned by Caucasians ) for ghetto theaters . With the growing urban blight during the 1970s , this idea was revived with a wave of " blaxploitation " pictures made for urban grind houses which overlaid black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional B- movie plots . This trend even spread into horror features , with titles like Blacula , Blackenstein and Sugar Hill serving up blaxploitation versions of monster standards . And it did n't die with the closing of most urban theaters – it just slowly eased into the video age , and continues with low budget direct - to - DVD releases like this one . Ed and Jose Quiroz 's Hood of the Living Dead , adopts the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip - hop audience . Ricky ( Carl Washington ) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine ( Brandon Daniels ) out of trouble after the death of their parents . After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers in a drive - by , Ricky decides to use the experimental cell regenerating formula he 's been working on in an attempt to save the teen 's life . Apparently his efforts are for naught , and Jermaine 's body is taken away . However , the body never makes it to the morgue – Jermaine re - animates in the coroner 's van as a flesh - hungry zombie . He kills the drivers , then goes after the gang that killed him , spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes . Having heard from Jermaine 's friends Kevin ( Derek Taylor II ) and Marco ( Raul Martinez ) about the attack on the gangsters , Ricky feels that the only thing to do is to capture Jermaine and try to cover up the whole matter before he and his accomplice Scott ( Chris Angelo ) get arrested for the mayhem they 've caused . However , they soon find that the contagion is spreading too fast for them to control it . By keeping things simple , the Quiroz team manages to produce an entertaining little horror feature without overextending themselves to the point where things start to look shoddy . Along the way , they also add in a few interesting bits of business . When first confronted with a zombie , Scott tells Ricky , " Shoot him in the head like in the movies ! " – an effective as any way to discover how to kill zombies . An extra twist is added when the first head shot does n't kill the brain , adding to viewer unease . Another good point is that the soundtrack makes only limited use of sub - Eminem style rap , laying in standard " creepy " music throughout .
1 Let 's get some things straight first : Zombies do n't exist so the filmmaker can have them WALK , RUN , hell even FLY if he wants to . That 's what makes this original Zombie movie so good . Everything they did was so damn original . I hate it when filmmakers do everything like Romero or when fan boys expect everything like Romero . Some idiots think that zombies should only growl like a typical Romero movie , once again zombies do n't exist so a filmmaker can make zombies whistle if he wants . The zombies in this movie all look very good but OBVIOUSLY they are not decaying corpses since they JUST freaking died ! They are pretty messed up though and full of chopped faces and blood . One of the coolest scenes was a half eaten cat . It looked so damn real my daughter cried when she saw it . This movie got really good reviews in Fangoria and Rue Morgue so that made me want to go see it . I 'm glad I listened . They are always right when it comes to real horror fan 's tastes . 10 out of 10 ! Go rent it !
1 Welcome to Oakland , where the dead come out to play and even the boys in DA hood ca n't stop them . This low - budget , direct - to - video production seems timed to coincide with the release of Land of the Dead , the latest installment of George A. Romero 's famed zombie series . The ghetto setting and hip - hop soundtrack may provide additional appeal for inner- city gore hounds . Ricky ( Carl Washington ) works at a medical research facility while raising his kid brother , Jermaine ( Brandon Daniels ) . But the teenager , bored by macaroni - and - cheese dinners in their tract house , would rather spend his time hanging with street friends Marco and Kev . Apparently there is not a lot for African - American high - school dropouts to do on this side of the bay except deal drugs and scuffle with the homeys , including rival Latino gang bangers . Ricky plans to sell their late parents ' house and move inland to the Castro Valley , a more middle - class and presumably safer environment . Unfortunately , before this can happen , a drive - by shooting leaves Jermaine dead on the porch . Grief - stricken Ricky tries a last desperate ploy . He tells Scotty , his lab assistant , to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formula they have been testing on rats . When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine , there is no choice except to call 911 . But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue . The boy is reanimated as a sputtering , growling zombie , chews the ambulance drivers and staggers off into the night , bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat . The feeding frenzy infects more victims , and before the night is over the East Bay is a battleground between the living and the blood - spattered undead . The horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap movie makers , from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band . But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films . Consider Val Lewton 's programmers ( Cat People , The Leopard Man , Isle of the Dead ) , Roger Corman 's Poe quickies , Romero 's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter 's Halloween . The difference between memorable and awful has more to do with talent and ambition than money . Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than several hundred million dollars ' worth of recent high - priced horrors . Cheapness has its charms . In truly cheap films actors wear their own clothes amid real settings . Here the tract houses have freshly painted walls in neutral matte tones , lending a bleakness as oppressive as Douglas Sirk 's bourgeois melodramas of the ' 50s . Lines seem more improvised than scripted . " So what the hell are we gon na do now ? " " Just keep your eyes open for any F N ' thing that looks out of the ordinary . " Ricky and Scotty call their boss , who calls an ex - military man named Romero . " I have a huge bitch of a problem that we have to take care of fast . " " Not a problem , " says the merc , closing his phone and grabbing his guns . Everybody has guns , and even when fighting zombies they 're on their cell phones , as who is n't nowadays ? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement . " What happened ? " " We got into it with some crazy motherfockers . " " Deja F N ' vu . It 's that park zombie again . ... " Ricky even has to blow his twitching girlfriend away , saying only , " She 's gotten out of hand . " Unlike most zombie movies , this one provides a motive for mayhem . Jermaine takes revenge on the gang bangers who shot him , who in turn continue the rumble . This is urban film - making that implies its own social commentary , a near - guerrilla production suggesting a future for low - budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés . The brothers Quiroz , who have trademarked their name as if in anticipation of a new movement , may inspire others to tell stories arising from personal experience rather than imitating tired Hollywood product . Considering their limited resources , Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature about people they know . Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job done , music by Eduardo Quiroz is no simpler than Carpenter 's haunting Halloween theme , and hip - hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere . The result is promising if not exactly exhilarating . They are learning their craft and , unlike Lewis and Wood , who never got any better , their next may be one to watch .
1 I do n't know why people except a lot from low budget indie films but I enjoyed this one as I 'm a fan of urban horror . There 's not too many urban horror movies out there so when I saw this one on the shelf , just the title alone peaked my curiosity . So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it 's not too often you run into a low budget indie horror film with GREAT acting and a good story . Is it low budget ? yes . Can you tell that it 's low budget ? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie you become so wrapped up in the story that it does n't matter . I like hip hop music too and the soundtrack is nice ! I do n't know what 's up with all these bad reviews for this film . All I hear is " worst movie ever " . Have these idiots seen EVERY movie out there ? There 's thousands of movies out there , how can you categorize one as the " worst " ever ? A video not " movie " like " zombiez " may be the worst film I ever SEEN but I ca n't say that it 's the worst movie EVER since I have n't seen every movie out there . Bottom line these people who gave this movie bad reviews are probably from the suburbs . Listen , if you do n't like minority based , urban films , the ghetto films , hip hop , etc then WHY WATCH THESE TYPES OF MOVIES ? ? ? ! ! ! knowing that you do n't like this type of stuff ? Sure , this is a horror film but it 's not just a horror film but it 's an URBAN horror film with a multi - cultural based cast . I do n't like TV shows like Dawson 's Creek or the O.C. , THEY SUCK to me . Films like " Garden State " , " Wedding Crashers " and " I heart huckabees " SUCK to me . I 'm a guy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck to me . Why ? Because I ca n't relate to them . They do n't peak my interest . Just common sense . Believe me , I will never watch GARDEN STATE 2 : GARDEN SALAD , WEDDING CRASHERS 2 : Here 's a sequel to torture you again since the first sucked so bad and I HEART HUCKABORING . Now back to this movie , in regards to saint405 's comment above , I do n't know if this guy was smoking crack or got knocked " stupid " by his drunken dad before he watched the movie but to me , everyone did a great job . The actor who played Ricky ( I forgot his name ) did a VERY good job . I 'm an aspiring actor myself taking theater at my school and I had to do a play where I had to cry and it 's not easy to be emotional in a scene so I give props to actors who have to do an emotional scene and can pull it off . Anywho , I liked this movie and never heard of these actors and directors before but you bet I 'll be looking out for their stuff for now on and if they are reading this , BRING ON THE SEQUEL ! ! ! I 'm out . Jerzee Representin ' !
1 Silly movie is really , really funny . Yes , it 's got its dead moments , it can be a bit too obvious , it declines a bit in the second half and the story is an incoherent mess , but it 's laugh out loud funny all the way . And it 's worth seeing just for Ed McMahon as a right wing kook . This movie is in the same class as Elvira , Mistress of the Dark , another incredibly funny , underappreciated film .
1 I 'm not kidding about that summary and vote ! The video distributors have packaged this as just another typical ' 80s werewolf movie , but it is in fact the greatest parody of the horror genre that you can imagine , having done for the horror movie what " Blazing Saddles " did for the western . I have seen plenty of comedies - good , bad , stupid , weird , etc . ( usually walking away unimpressed ) , and I think that comedy must be the most difficult genre for filmmakers and actors to work in - it takes just the right kind of touch to make things successful , and part of that is having good ideas . " Full Moon High " is bulging with good ideas - so many , in fact , that it can easily put the Zucker / Abrams team of " Airplane " and " Naked Gun " to shame . One of the best of these is the very presence of Ed McMahon in a starring role as a John Birch - style right - wing crackpot . The jokes , non - sequiturs , wisecracks and word - play are literally non - stop and everything , including the kitchen sink , has been thrown in . The ironic tone is very similar to that of " Back to the Future . " < br /><br />Some people ( i.e. almost every reviewer here ) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here , but I almost died of laughter , and this is one of those movies in which you never know what kind of insane situation will transpire next . Since B - movie extraordinaire Larry Cohen had not made a straight comedy before this , one gets the sense that he was making up for lost time by including any joke he or his collaborators could think of . If Mel Brooks had made this , the critics would have labelled it a comic masterpiece , but because it was made by Cohen , it has been dismissed as schlock . Critical reviews have called this movie too " silly . " SILLY ? What is a comedy supposed to be - serious ? ! Anyway , I laughed out loud more for this movie than any other I can think of . Cohen makes fun of everyone - himself included , with plenty of references to his usual brand of low - rent film - making ; he and the actors must have had a complete blast making this.<br /><br />The humor is very Mel Brooks - ish , and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watches a lot of B - movies ( especially horror ) will love this . Trust me : the movie is n't too hard to find , and as long as you accept it for what it is - a roller - coaster of belly laughs with no pretense of social value whatsoever - then you 'll truly enjoy it!!<br /><br />One sidenote : this movie should somehow go down in history as the one thing Bob Saget ever starred in ( albeit briefly ) that was actually funny .
1 While visiting Romania with his CIA dad , Tony(Adam Arkin ) , quite a talented high school quarterback seen as the savior to lead his team finally to a victory over rival Simpson , is told by a would - be palm - reader( .. in Romania , the people are not allowed many books , so she took up palm reading)that he would be bitten by a werewolf("When the moon is full , do n't make any appointments .. you will be busy . " ) . Well , who would have thunk it .. Tony is in fact bitten and his life would be forever changed . After his father unfortunately dies in a mishap within his bomb shelter(!)under odd circumstances(firing at his werewolf son inside a metallic bomb shelter is n't a very good idea , especially if the bullet does n't leave the room and bounces around like a pinball gone berserk ) , Tony travels the land through endless years , until he 's tired of packing , and returns decades( .. and many US Presidents)later to hopefully lead his football team to a win over Simpson .. a task he abandoned long ago . What was once a very white , clean - cut high school has indeed changed into a ghetto of drug use , violence , and perversion . To get an idea of what the early 80 's Full Moon High school 's prom party resembles , think Studio 54 with teenagers .. <br /><br />Larry Cohen 's parody of werewolf flicks , among others things , is crammed full of gags , homages , and in - jokes . My favorite sequences contain one in the sex - ed classroom where Tony reveals to the 80 's class his werewolf transformation and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand(Alan Arkin , who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is n't on screen ) , quite possibly the worst psychiatrist on Earth . His task to talk down a jumper leads to two men falling off a balcony .. the jumper and a fireman ( trying , at first , to talk him out of it ) , both fuming mad at Brand ! Brand even tries to get Tony to sign a waver for his body 's being donated to science so he can get his wife a fur coat ! Kenneth Mars had me rolling in the floor as a homosexual football coach( .. and later in the 80 's as the Principal)who likes to pat his players on the behind .. his scene where Tony 's unloading the truth to the sex - ed class is classic . The film is loaded with inspired casting choices .. just littered with funny characters and the cast interpretations .. such as Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowhard who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in the bomb shelter( .. always talking about commies ) , Joanne Nail as bulging eyed Ricky in present day who falls for the werewolf , Elizabeth Hartman(A Patch of Blue)as a mousy , nerdy sexually molested( .. and molester)teacher who finds an attraction towards Tony , James Dixon as a deputy( .. his great scene has him stealing a line from his police chief reciting it to Dr. Brand who begins mouthing the words to himself for memorization ) , Roz Kelly as Jane , an undyingly devoted female desiring Tony for only herself constantly demanding he ravish her , and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn , Tony 's long - time pal and now the police chief who only got Jane after his friend left town . Can not forget JM J Bullock as Flynn 's closeted gay son trying to fit in at the school hoping to find a dame with hilarious results.<br /><br />I like how the film pays homage to the werewolf genre such as when he 's on the prowl .. he 's often referred to in the papers as Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek .. and I 'm not talking face . He 's seen more as an annoyance than danger . The homages to Carrie and Psycho are nice , and the violin shtick is also amusing . Cohen tosses so many zingers at the viewer , eventually one has to stick . Obviously in a comedy such as this , not every joke hits it 's mark , but many do . The cast makes this worthwhile . The film looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget . Notice the 50 's scenes where the obvious old cast members that would show up down the road wear glaring wigs . Loved Adam in the lead .. he is the perfect foil for the gags that follow him and the zingers he lets fly from Cohen 's script . The film moves quickly , rarely catching a breath . I liked this horror comedy more than most it seems .
1 In this send - up of horror films , 50 's cold war paranoia , Reagan - era America , and high school films , Adam Arkin plays Tony , the star quarterback of Full Moon High in the 1950 's . He and his father ( Ed McMahon ) travel to communist Romania and while he 's lost in the streets one night , he is bitten by a werewolf . When he returns stateside , he can not control his animalistic urges and goes on a killing spree . Frustrated , he flees town . Decades later , the immortal Tony returns to town and re - enrolls in highschool . He still ca n't control his transformations , and the townspeople , and his friends , realize he 's not quite human . It all culminates during the schools big football game.<br /><br />I expected this to be one of those ' so bad it 's good ' films from the early 80 's . But I was surprised that the film was actually , legitimately funny . The cast , including Kenneth Mars as a pervy coach , Roz Kelly as Tony 's lusty former flame , Demond Wilson as a bus driver , and Alan Arkin as a oddball doctor , go all out , with hilarious results.<br /><br />While watching this film I was struck by how similar the writing and humor were to ' Family Guy . ' ' Full Moon High ' has that same anything goes attitude and never takes itself seriously .
1 It ' just funny , watch it ! ! ! < br /><br />OK they want 10 lines so there : This is a spoof of 50s/70s werewolf movies . Lots of satire , some political . Feels like an early Clouseau movie ( probably due to Alan Arkin ) , but with less slap stick . If you like the Naked Guns movies you 'll like this too ( once again less slapstick in this one ) . < br /><br />Actually , the humor ranges from light sexual innuendo ( unavoidable in a teen comedy ) , to really poignant socio - political satire . The transformation of the Moon High School from 50s to 70s is really funny . The sequence with the changing presidential portraits is brilliant ! OK maybe not brilliant but still hilarious . There are tons of ( histarical ) cracks starting from the 50s cold war paranoia and the late 70s inflation.<br /><br />Anyway , just watch the movie if you get a chance !
1 Full Moon High ( 1981 ) 3 of 5 Dir : Larry Cohen Stars : Adam Arkin , Ed McMahon , Roz Kelly < br /><br />Tony ( Arkin ) is your average ordinary high school guy . Prepping for the big homecoming game , girlfriend trouble and growing hair in strange places … you know the usual . But the hair in strange places part gets a wee bit out of control when a trip to Transylvania with his father ( YES ! McMahon ) leaves him with a wicked case of the furballs . Now doomed to walk the world forever young as a werewolf how will Adam get any girls?<br /><br />'Full Moon High ' is not often talked about but it is a silly and entertaining horror spoof . Larry Cohen ( Q the Winged Serpent , The Stuff ) incorporates as many gags as he can possibly come up with as writer / director . Arkin ( H20 : Halloween , 20 Years Later ) shows nice timing in the lead role . If you happen to be a fan of spoofs like ' Airplane ' and ' Student Bodies ' I think you 'll have fun with this chuckle - fest .
1 No doubt intended as a totally campy joke , " Full Moon High " portrays 1950s teenager Tony Walker ( Adam Arkin ) accompanying his father ( Ed McMahon ) on a trip to Romania . Sure enough , Tony gets bitten , and grows fur and fangs whenever there 's a full moon . A particularly interesting aspect in this movie is that he ca n't age as long as he has the werewolf curse , and that he has to fulfill a destiny - even if it takes twenty years.<br /><br />But otherwise , the movie 's just plain funny once it gets going . Ed McMahon 's character is an over - patriotic right - wing yahoo ( he thinks that everyone should have listened to Joe McCarthy ) , Kenneth Mars 's coach / principal is a tense dweeb , and then there 's more . One of the most eye - opening cast members is Demond Wilson - best remembered as Lamont on " Sanford and Son " - as a bus driver who gets a big surprise . But probably the funniest scene is the changing of the presidents ; then gag with Gerald Ford really summed him up ! Anyway , it 's a real treat . Considering that Alan Arkin - who plays a zany psychiatrist - just won an Oscar on Sunday night and thanked his sons , I wonder whether or not he remembers co - starring with two of them in this movie ( aside from Adam , his son Anthony also has a small role ) . Quite funny . Also starring Elizabeth Hartman.<br /><br />PS : director Larry Cohen is probably best known for the killer baby flick " It 's Alive " .
1 I loved this movie . In fact I loved being an actress in this movie . Iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie . You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film . I was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector . In fact they double took me a few times so it 's hard to miss that mistake . Thumbs up to Full Moon High . Wish it come to cable soon . Cheryl Lockett Alexander Leesville , Louisiana I loved this movie . In fact I loved being an actress in this movie . Iwas featured as a pregnant teenager in the second half of the movie . You may remember me more clearly in the classroom scene when the werewolf was exposing himself on film . I was the female in the front row with my hands planted on my face in reaction to what we were watching on the movie projector . In fact they double took me a few times so it 's hard to miss that mistake . Thumbs up to Full Moon High . Wish it come to cable soon . Cheryl Lockett Alexander < br /><br />Leesville , Louisiana
1 After reading the other tepid reviews and comments , I felt I had to come to bat for this movie.<br /><br />Roeg 's films tend to have little to do with one another , and expecting this one to be like one of his you liked is probably off the mark.<br /><br />What this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith . The only other film like it - in terms of its religious message - would have to be Tolkin 's ` The Rapture.'<br /><br />I am astonished that anyone could say the story is muddled or supernatural . It is a simple movie about Catholic faith , miracles , and redemption -- though you would never guess it till the end . It is also the only movie I can think of whose resolution turns , literally , on a pun.<br /><br />As a ( happily ) fallen Catholic myself , I know what the movie is about , and I find a sort of fondness in its ultimate innocence about the relation between God and man . But if you are not familiar with the kind of theology on which the film is based , then it will go right over you head.<br /><br />As a film - as opposed to a story-`Cold Heaven ' it is not ground - breaking . While ` The Rapture ' is heavy with pictorial significance and cinematic imagery , ` Cold Heaven ' downplays its own cinematic qualities . There are no striking shots , no edgy effects , no attempts to fit the content to the form . It is workmanlike shooting , but subdued . Nor does it have dialogue or acting to put it in a class of high drama . It is a simple story that unfolds simply . It may seem odd ; but at the end the mystery is revealed . It looks ambiguous ; but with a single line the ambiguity vanishes in a puff of Catholic dogma.<br /><br />In this regard , ` Cold Heaven ' has at its heart exactly the same sort of thing that drives a movie like ` The Sting , ' or ` The Sixth Sense , ' or ` Final Descent , ' or Polanski 's ` A Pure Formality . ' All of these are films with a trick up their sleeves . They may frustrate you along the way , but they have a point - an obvious one , indeed -- but the fun is , at least in part , in having been taken in.<br /><br />Still , even if it seems like little more than a shaggy dog story with a punch line , it is worth watching for way it directs - and misdirects - you . Try it - especially if you are , or have ever been , a Catholic .
1 Well , well .... Roeg touched a bit of a nerve there , did n't he ? He was a genius while he was cataloguing his various characters ' descents into psychosis for a couple of decades , but as soon as he has the bad taste to suggest that redemption ( or even some good advice ) might be found in the bad old Catholic church , the hipper - than - thou alternative movie crowd gets extra vicious . Worse still , Theresa Russell 's character - faced with experiences that nothing in her avowedly rationalist outlook has an explanation for , is unwillingly forced to deal with those experiences on another level - that of the spiritual . You know , the realm of the ignorant and superstitious , the sort of thing that the art - house cinephiles are supposed to be above . Oh , the horror ... So she finds her marriage - the idea that it might be a uniquely important commitment - affirmed by what seems uncomfortably like divine intervention . People who find this idea prima facie offensive could maybe ask themselves why they instinctively jump into attack mode at being challenged to take seriously the idea of a spiritual dimension to their lives . But they probably wo n't . Sure , this film has some problems , notably Talia Shire 's delirious hamwork as the overwrought nun , 1950s - style attire and all . And the dialogue between Marie Davenport and the young priest in their last scene is straight out of the Spellbound School of Glib Interpretations ( though Hitchcock 's movie escaped similar charges due to the source of wisdom having impeccably secular credentials as a Freudian psychoanalyst ) . But , sadly , Nicolas Roeg appears to have copped a critical mauling as much for even asking the question as for the possible answers this film presents .
1 This is an " odysessy through time " via computer animation , supposedly th work of over 300 artists . Made in the late ' 80s and released in 1990 , this was cutting edge stuff for the day . I thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.<br /><br />Most of the short scenes made no sense , just forms evolving into other forms , but that was fun to watch . This is all about visuals , not really about any kind of a story . There were some strange sequences in which odd - looking men- creatures would dance around with birds overheard . All of it is computer animated which was new back then . Even the term " computer animated " was not well - known.<br /><br />It 's simply a chance to show off this new technology in short bits of cartoon - like happenings with beautiful colors and imaginative scenes . No words , just pictures with electronic music . Stoners must have really loved this.<br /><br />It 's a nice , intriguing 40 minutes of " eye candy " and " head candy . " By today 's CG effects this may have lost impact , but I think you 'd still be entertained by this .
1 I probably saw this movie first in about 1995 . Since then I 've returned to it many times . It 's great ! I especially like the first and second clips , " Creation " and " Civilization Rising . " Wow ! This was so cool back in the glory days of CG animation . CG is way older than I am , as I know the film " Tron " was made 7 years before my time . But this film was a landmark in the early ' 90s . It was probably the first collaboration of different CG experiments set to music . I like it so much , I think I 'll go watch it now . Bye
1 This has to be the all time best computer animation classic . Even though most of the animations where experiments . They have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time . Twelve years after it 's release , I have gone back to watch this video and found some inspiration for new types of computer graphics . Some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored .
1 These things have been floating around in my head for damn near 10 years now . Some pieces of this work were really memorable . - I d love to see another more current example of cg showy offy stuff . Actually I 'd love to be part of it.<br /><br />If I 'd would of had the chance to just say what i wanted and that s it , I would n't have to write all this extra in order to make " 10 lines if text " as this website requires . I mean really ? This almost discourages me , I mean luckily for the guys that made the movie I really liked the Minds Eye - and it took me 3 times to have enough lines , I hope you do n't get me on the misspelling . - yup you did .
1 As a kid , I loved computer animation although it was EXTREMELY limited and the tools were almost nonexistent . This movie , as I sat in awe and watched the amazing images and almost - hypnotic music , shaped the desire in me to create moving things in the computer . This is a whole - package deal , between the music and the video , that really packs a one - two punch . If you know any child that wants to get involved in computer animation , this is a MUST HAVE . < br /><br />I still , almost 20 years later , rate this movie as one of my top 3 favorites . The originality , I think , is still unsurpassed by most of today 's McMovies that Hollywood spits out . I am currently wanting to see if I can re - make it on my own ; if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery then this movie deserves a TON of imitation =)
1 When this first came out , my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- It was so different from anything we had seen before . I was looking for a specific movie last night , and I found ' The Mind 's Eye ' again . The box is falling apart , and I am surprised that the tape still works ! Although it is not ' Finding Nemo ' quality graphics , it is still very good . They should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery . Highly recommended !
1 When this first came out , my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- It was so different from anything we had seen before . I was looking for a specific movie last night , and I found " The Mind 's Eye " again . The box is falling apart , and I am surprised that the tape still works ! Although it is not ' Finding Nemo ' quality graphics , it is still very good . They should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery . Highly recommended!<br /><br />This is what it is:<br /><br />"The Mind 's Eye " is a spectacular odyssey through time . Your journey begins at the dawn of creation and moves through the rise of man and technology . Travel in the world of abstraction and on into the future with breathtaking computer animation imagery.<br /><br />"The Mind 's Eye " joins the imaginations of over 300 of the world 's most talented computer animation artists with a powerful , original music soundtrack . This unique collaboration takes you on an incredible voyage into " The Mind 's Eye . "
1 I recently found a copy for $ 5 at a video store , and snapped it up eagerly . While the music and ( obviously ) graphics are n't up to the standards of my favorite of the series , Beyond the Mind 's Eye , I am still entranced by one segment:<br /><br />Stanley and Stella in " Breaking the Ice " . The music is brilliant , and the emotions feel real . The clip on Odyssey 's website does n't have the story nor the music , unfortunately .
1 I could not agree less with the rating that was given to this movie , and I believe this is a sample of how short minded most of spectators are all over the world . Really ... Are you forgetting that Cinema used to be a kind of art before some tycoons tried to make it only entertainment ? This movie is not entertainment , at least not that easy entertainment you get on movies like Titanic or Gladiator . It has style , it is different , it is shocking ... That 's why most of you have hated it so much : because it does not try to be pleasing to you . It 's just a story , a very weird one I admit , but after all , only a weird story . It is not a great story , not even a great cinema work , but I believe it is worth a 7-stars rating only for the courage of both author and director to shot a story that is not made to please the audience , thus selling billions of copies and making the big studios even richer . This movie is , for me , European - artistic - like movie made in the US , and everyone involved in the making of it deserves respect . Be it for the courage , or be it for the unique sense of humor .
1 Gus Van Sant has made some excellent films . I truly am a fan.<br /><br />However , I ca n't help but feel that the cerebral edge of Tom Robbins book " Even Cowgirls Get the Blues " is lost in translation to the big screen . Alone , Tom Robbins and Gus Van Sant are incredible visionaries and towers of talent . Ultimately though this one just did n't work . < br /><br />It was n't that the characters were n't well developed or the plot and content did n't come alive . It 's just that our imaginations are much more powerful when reading a book like this . We 're taken away to a different time and place and we sometimes think the worst and/or the best and it adds to the overall roller - coaster of the book as it neatly unfolds according to the author 's precision . Movies however can leave one with less of the imagination and emotion roller - coaster detracting from the overall experience . This is what I believe happened here.<br /><br />I suggest reading the book !
1 I feel very sorry for people who go to movies with a pad and pencil to write down flaws and keep notes on how bad a movie is . I feel equally contempt for people who go to movies and CAN'T suspend reality and/or let themselves enjoy 90 minutes aways from their boring or busy lives ! Get a GRIP people . ECGTB is a very ENTERTAINING movie . If you take movies seriously , this is NOT for you . If you are expecting the movie to resemble the book in ANY way , this is not for you . But if you enjoyed the utter hilarity of Priscilla Queen of the Desert , or the " what the hell am I watching " of Moulin Rouge . Or the gross out comedy of " The Sweetest Thing " Then let yourself escape to Cowgirls . It has some really funny parts . Hilarious actually . It also has some really good music;kudos to kd.lang . Also did I mention it has 90 minutes of Uma Thurman ..... need I say more ?
1 If you have ever read and enjoyed a novel by Tom Robbins you will appreciate this movie as a whole - hearted attempt to translate his outrageously unconventional writing style into a workable piece of big screen art . The actors and the direction of this film are both good . < br /><br />The only trouble with the film , as I can see it , is that Robbins can relate ideas and sentiments with his words that were still beyond Hollywood 's capabilities at the time this film was shot.<br /><br />Given both the irreverence of today 's movies , as well as the willingness and abilityof today 's audiences to delve into the bizarre , I think " Even Cowgirls ... would receive a better reception today than it did when it was originally released .
1 i saw this movie the first seconds the voice of T.R. took me on to the journey - well i disliked the big glued thumbs in the beginning , but the absurd humor it and the gordious looks of both sissy actors - i do not know who played the young her - but she was great and so was uma ! ! ! -<br /><br />the two other people who where in the cinema went out after about half an hour , i was with a friend - and it is always a test to watch a movie i like good with one of my friends - and , we both enjoyed it too the maximum - hilarious laughs - sadness about the " realistic police- normalos " . both of us fans of T.Robbins books ... i found it well done - thought , that Robbins would also approve , though i do not have an idea if he likes the film or not ... <br /><br />i would love to see the cut out stuff - i heard that gus v. sand had to take out lots of scenes because of the first - time viewers ( or the producers ? ? ? ) well still it is an artistic movie . much too short though ... it is one of my all time favorites - and i am aware of it that the majority of people ca n't stand that kind of movie and assume that people who enjoy that films are whatever they think ....... what a pity . hopefully there will come the day that there will be a DVD with the full material - hoping to see more of crispian , keanu - expecting to see her baby and all < br /><br />if you have the chance to see it , think twice , and enjoy it if you made the choice to watch ... m
1 The film is exceptional in it 's gay iconography and extends this beyond the asthetics to the music and cast . Throughout the whole film exists a childlike wonder as seen through the eyes of the main character . Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful . In a way it 's a slacker movie for girls . Watch this is you fancy a relaxing entertaining mid - night movie . Buy this if you like diferent takes on the world of media and love combined ( ? ) .
1 Worst movie of all time ? Wow , whoa now . You can not be serious.<br /><br />Maybe it 's all about what you expect a movie to do to you . I live in Oregon , so I got to enjoy the beautifully - filmed shots of familiar yet still amazingly beautiful Smith Rocks and other areas in Central Oregon ( as well as the sweet cameo of our own Ken Kesey and Ken Babbs looking down on baby Sissy 's cradle at the beginning of the movie ) . Those alone were enough to spur me to give the movie a better than " average " score.<br /><br />Or .... Maybe it 's all about what expectations you have . Having read the book AGES ago , and thinking to myself " goodness , no one could ever make a movie out of this interesting , quirky , weird book ... especially 20 years later , when mores ( MORAYS -- ca n't put in the accent mark online ) have changed " -- I was actually quite pleasantly surprised when I first watched the movie when it came out in 1994 and even liked it more today watching it again.<br /><br />Sissy was exquisitely cast , and I do n't care what you all say , I was also pleasantly surprised at Rain Phoenix 's and John Hurt 's performances . I am not a lesbian nor bi nor trans , but have met many folks who are similar to the folks they were supposed to portray -- and those " real " folks kinda acted the same way as these actors acted . Stilted a bit , stage - ey -- always a bit " on . " Gus Van Sant is one weird native Oregonian but by garsh he done a good job adapting this crazy book , IMHO .
1 I admit , the first time I watched Even Cowgirls Get the Blues , I did n't think it was very memorable in any regard . But now after viewing it the 7th time , I admit that it has very much grown on me . The characters of Sissy , Ms. Jellybean , and the Countess have become very endearing . And the romance between Sissy and Jellybean seems very sweet . Though the plot is very weak , I think the satirical humor more than makes up for it . Then there 's the kick - ass soundtrack which features the tremendously talented K.D. Lang ( who reminds me a little of Patsy Cline ) at her best . I ca n't think of any movie that has " grown on me " after an inauspicious first impression , as much as Cowgirls has .
1 This was an excellent film . I do n't understand why so many people do n't like it . There was so much in it to connect with , so many beautiful images , and so much compassion in the things that were n't said . I was thoroughly entertained , and was left with a feeling of joyous exuberance , just as I am when I finish most any Tom Robbins story . Now I have n't read this particular book of Robbin 's , so I do n't now how this matched up , but I ca n't imagine this movie could have been a very bad interpretation . The movie left a lot for you to define yourself , which is the best part of any Tom Robbins novel , dreaming up the details . < br /><br />To all of you who said this was the worst movie ever , I pity what little must be left of the dimming light in your hearts . Far from the worst ever this movie was glorious . Long live the whooping crane .
1 This film got terrible reviews but because it was offbeat and because critics do n't usually " get " offbeat films , I thought I 'd give it a try . Unfortunately they were largely right in this instance.<br /><br />The film just has an awkward feel too it that is most off putting . The sort of feel that is impossible to describe , but it 's not a good one . To further confound things , the script is a dull aimless thing that is only vaguely interesting.<br /><br />The immensely talented Thurman just drifts through this mess creating barely an impact . Hurt and Bracco try in vain to add something to the film with enthusiastic performance but there is nothing in the script . It may have been less embarrassing for them if they had merely chosen to drift and get it over with like Thurman.<br /><br />One thing the " esteemed " film critics did fail to mention however is that the film is actually quite funny . Whether it be moments of accurate satire or some outrageously weird moments like when the cowgirls in question chase Hurt off their ranch with the smell of their unwashed ... ahem ... front bottoms.<br /><br />Because of the chortles acheived throughout , while I would n't recommend this film , there is entertainment to be had and watching Even Cowgirls Get the Blues is worthwhile for something different .
1 At first sight this movie does n't look like a particular great one . After all a Bette Davis movies with only 166 votes on IMDb and a rating of 6,5 must be a rather bad one . But the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise.<br /><br />You would at first expect that this is a normal average typical ' 30 's movie with a formulaic love - story but the movie is surprisingly well constructed and has an unusual and original story , which also helps to make this movie a very pleasant one to watch.<br /><br />The story is carried by its two main characters played by Bette Davis and George Brent . Their helped by a cast of mostly amusing characters but the movie mainly involves just around them two . Their character are involved in a most unusual and clever written love - story that work humorous as well . It makes this movie a delightful little comedy to watch , that is perfectly entertaining.<br /><br />The movie is quite short ( just over an hour long ) , which means that the story does n't waste any time on needless plot lines , development and characters . It makes the movie also rather fast paced , which helps to make this movie a perfectly watchable one by todays standards as well . It does perhaps makes the movie a bit of a simple one at times but this never goes at the expense of its entertainment or fun.<br /><br />A delightful pleasant simple romantic - comedy that deserves to be seen by more!<br /><br />8/10
1 This is an EXCELLENT example of early Bette Davis talent . The production is above average for 1936 timeframe . I can not understand why the owners of the rights to this film have not put it on DVD . Owners , PLEASE PLEASE release it . I would buy it immediately . I have not seen it in more than thirty years , on television , but remember it well .
1 In the opening scenes of this movie a man shot arrows through his hotel room into another man 's bathroom and blew out all the lights . This must have been very hep for 1936 , but rather way way out and had nothing to do with the film , Robin Hood did not make an appearance as far as I could see . However , Bette Davis(Daisey Appleby),"The Whales of August",'87 was very young and attractive and performed one of her best roles in a long career in Hollywood . Daisey never stopped teasing or being very sexy with her nightgowns and so called swim suit on her yacht with George Brent(Johnny Jones),"The Spiral Staircase",'46 . Daisey even proposed marriage to Johnny in a Ferris Wheel upside down and even got a black eye . Davis and Brent made a great couple , one suppose to be very rich and the other a very poor reporter . Off stage , Davis and Brent were having a real torrid love affair , which is good reason why there was sparks when these two appeared in this film . If you liked Bette Davis and George Brent , this is the film for you !
1 This is a great show , and will make you cry , this group people really loved each other in real life and it shows time and time again . Email me and let 's chat . I have been to Australia and they real do talk like this.<br /><br />I want you to enjoy Five Mile Creek and pass on these great stories of right and wrong , and friendship to your kids . I have all 40 Episodes on DVD - R that I have collected over the last 5 years . See my Five Mile Creek tribute at www.mikeandvicki.com and hear the extended theme music . Let 's talk about them.<br /><br />These people are so cool !
1 I guess I 'm part of the silent minority who enjoyed this film . Is it one of the best of the " Nightmare " series ? Maybe not , but I had lots of fun with it . Freddy Krueger reaches his evil , wisecracking potential . Since parts 4 and 5 kind of lagged the series down , I felt this so - called final installment ( " New Nightmare " is the real finale ) brought the series out of its slump . There are some great nightmare sequences , including one where Breckin Meyer plays a stoner who gets trashed , falls asleep and gets stuck in a video game to which Freddy controls . This is both a highly original and hilarious sequence , especially when we see him out of the dreamscape , hopping around like Super Mario . And Freddy belts out the funny one - liner , " Great graphics . " And since the movie was made about 10 years ago , it brought back memories when Freddy started controlling the game with the Powerglove . Anyone who remembers the first 8-bit Nintendo remembers the Powerglove . < br /><br />The cast is superb . Lisa Zane is perfectly cast in the lead . I have n't seen Yaphet Kotto since " The Running Man , " and I think the last time I saw that film was about 5 years ago . He 's another great , underappreciated actor who possesses a powerful screen presence . And who can forget the cameos ? The best one is by Johnny Depp ( from the first " Nightmare " ) playing a spokesman for an anti - drug commercial . < br /><br />The 3D sequence at the end is really awesome ! So for those who are looking to check this film out -- please rent or buy it on DVD ! Hopefully all the editions come with the 3D glasses , but I 'm sure the video edition has the 3D element removed . < br /><br />I personally did n't see many things wrong with the film . It even elaborated on Freddy 's backstory . The film is a great mix of humor and scares , and the gross - out effects are terrific . Could this have given better justice to the franchise ? Of course it could have . But Rachel Talalay did a fine job . And finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done.<br /><br />And in closing , I loved the montage over the opening credits . Fans of the series will be delighted , and will look at it as a tribute to beloved Freddy . < br /><br />My score : 7 ( out of 10 )
1 FREDDY has gone from scary to funny , in this 6th installment in the Nightmare series.<br /><br / > It 's been 2 years , well actually 11 since this film takes place in 2001.And FREDDY has killed every last kid on Elm street except one , John Doe(Jacobb from part 5,even doe the film gives on hint who he is),in which he uses to bring more children to come to Elm street . Not only does FREDDY gets his wishes , but he also gets his daughter back to Elm street . When she finds out what is happening , she and other kids decide to kill FREDDY once and for all . We also get to see some of FREDDY 's eerie backgrounds.<br /><br / > Rachel Talalay , who has been contected to the nightmare series for a long time by now . Many people hate this film , but I liked it . It tried to bring out what FREDDY was doing with his wisecrackes ... COMDEY and makes the series more funny than scary . So this film is really a comdey sore to speak . It is not the wrost in the series , part 2 still holds it.<br /><br / >
1 Now all the kids and teenagers of Springwood , Ohio are all dead expect for one teenager ( Shon Greenblatt ) is still alive . Freddy ( Robert Englund ) is letting him go and the teenager does n't have much of a memory , when he 's arriving in a new town . When a tough female psychologist ( Lisa Zane ) tries to break though the new patient . She 's finds out , where he 's from . She brings him along to Springwood to spark some memories but three teens ( Lezlie Deane , Breckin Meyer and Ricky Dean Logan ) , who unexpected came for the ride . Once they arrived in Springwood , the psychologist has some memory that she did lived in that town before as a child . While Freddy knows the true secret of her true identity.<br /><br />Directed by Rachel Talalay ( Ghost in the Machine , Tank Girl ) made a grim but somewhat oddly different sequel with some visual style and funny moments for this horror / fantasy / thriller . Yaphet Kotto ( Alien ) has a supporting role as a Psychologist expert on dreams . This has some ingenious visual effects ( Not everyone will love the climax , especially in 3-D ) and some good style in its storytelling . This one did out gross some of the film 's series at the box office.<br /><br />DVD has an strong anamorphic widescreen ( 1.85:1 ) transfer ( also in Pan & Scan ) and an strong - Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound . DVD has the original theatrical trailer , Jump to a Nightmare opinion and Cast & Crew information . The " Elm Street " Series Box Set , the eighth disc has interviews with the the cast & crew of this sixth film . The sixth film is also in 3-D for the film climax but you could watch it at 2-D also . This is the last of the " Elm Street " films until Wes Craven resurrected Freddy into a different , darker style in " New Nightmare " and the silly but surprisingly enjoyable spin - off horror film " Freddy Vs Jason " . Watch for Robert Shaye ( Co - Owner and Co - CEO of " New Line Cinema " ) , Roseanne Barr , Tom Arnold , Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper in amusing cameos . Written by Michael De Luca ( John Carpenter 's In the Mouth of Madness ) . From a story by the director . ( * * * ½/ * * * * * ) .
1 Freddy 's Dead : The Final Nightmare ( 1991 ) was the last film to feature Freddy Krueger as a solo act ( not as an entity or a co - star ) . The years of killing have taken a toll upon the town of Springwood . It has gotten to the point that the little city has become a virtual ghost town . The parents who killed Freddy Krueger so many years ago have all paid the ultimate price . Only the mad inhabit the town and the survivors are scattered everywhere . But that does n't stop Freddy from seeking out his final revenge . No matter how they try to stop him , he always comes back for more . But this time he finds out a little more about his old life . Can the kids finally stop Freddy for good ? What is this secret that is buried in Freddy 's twisted mind ? to find out you 'll have to watch Freddy 's Dead . the end was originally filmed in 3-D.<br /><br />A fitting way to end the franchise . Freddy learns something about himself and his perverted life and he gets to go out in a bang ! Lisa Zane , Yaphet Kotto and Freddy Krueger star in this final installment . Rosanne , Tom Arnold and Johnny Depp make special appearances . A whole lot better than the last one but it 's filled with a few dated jokes . If you enjoy the series then you do n't want to miss out on this one.<br /><br />I have to recommend this movie for Freddy fans .
1 The Movie Freddy 's dead the final nightmare is just as horrific and disturbing as every other Nightmare on Elm Street , yes it has Comedy essence about it , so has all the other films , but how can anyone possibly say that you would n't find Freddy Krueger scary , if you were to come across this man in your dreams you would n't find him even more scary with a comic essence about him because his comedy shows that he does n't care at all about killing you that he finds it extremely funny , and Freddy also plays comic mind games with them , which in its own way is very disturbing , by using his comic ways i think that makes the horror movies Nightmare on elm street what they are today , The writers are extremely clever making Krueger comic and scary as oppose to Jason Vorhees , who does n't say anything and has n't got the wit to truly frighten his victims , This Movie is about as good as Freddy 's wit gets and i would recommend it to anyone with a sense of humour and by the way " Do n't Fall Asleep ! " .
1 Freddy Krueger the dream stalker from elm street returns , the great character actor Robert englund is back in this sequel of nightmare 5 , dream child.i hope i got the number correctly.there's been so many , and this one is one of the best , especially for the cameos by;Rosanne Barr ( then Arnold)tom Arnold , johnny depp,(who did the very first nightmare in 84)alice cooper(singer)you will see Freddy as a tormented child , a teenager who loves pain , and as a family guy(creepy)the effects are very funny and creative , the cast also includes Lisa Zane(Billy 's sister ) breckin Meyer(road trip)yaphet kotto(alien , live and let die)and Amanda Donahue(father knows best)i was one of the people 3who saw this in 3d , well the ending.i love 3d movies.i missed the first 3d wave in 1953(i was n't even born yet)the second wave was in 1983.i like all the Freddy movies.this one stands out as one of the better ones not counting the first which was absolutely brilliant , Freddy became the new monster of the 80s and 90s , along with Jason voorhees , chucky , Micheal myers , and leather face.can you imagine a film with all of them?i recommend this to all Freddy fans and horror fans alike.that Freddy is such a cut up.8 out of 10 .
1 If your a hard core Freddy fan then you might not like it . This seems to be a spoof of the nightmare series . Not much to see here . The only reason it holds it self up is the back story on Freddy.<br /><br />The one thing that is always great in Nightmare movies are the death scenes . But the death scenes were very crappy in this . The visual effects were great and the acting was OK but the back story was excellent . Basically Freddy 's story comes full circle in this.<br /><br />I have read bad reviews for this but i actually enjoyed this despite its many flaws : < br /><br />1 . A Nightmare on Elm Street . ( 8/10 ) < br /><br />2 . Freddy 's Dead : The Final Nightmare . ( 7/10 ) < br /><br />3 . A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 : The Dream Master . ( 7/10 ) < br /><br />4 . A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 : The Dream Warriors . ( 7/10 ) < br /><br />5 . A Nightmare on Elm Street 5 : The Dream Child . ( 6/10 ) < br /><br />6 . A Nightmare on Elm Street 2 : Freddy 's Revenge . ( 3/10 ) < br /><br />I recommend it if you enjoy the series . This is were Freddy is fully explained but that s all there is . Next on my list Wes Cravens New Nightmare.<br /><br />(7/10 )
1 Okay , I am a fan of the Nightmare series and everyone says on here that this is the worst ! But it 's NOT ! ! ! Have n't 's you seen Freddy 's Revenge ? ? ? WTF ! That was the worst of all ! ! ! Now this movie is pretty decent and it sticks to the Freddy story and it 's cool that he had a daughter etc . etc.<br /><br />And then I found out it was in 3-D ! ! ! I was so excited , I remember when I saw it on the DVD box set I instantly skipped to the 3-D sequences . Quite a lot was in 3-D though like Lisa Zanes hand , Dream Demons , Freddy 's Claw ( more than once ) , Lezlie Dean holding a knife , Lisa Zane with a Baseball Bat , Doc 's hand , Freddy 's head exploding.<br /><br />I truly loved this movie because it was in 3-D , but I wish the whole movie was in 3-D not just the last 15 minutes.<br /><br />By the Way it 's 15 minutes NOT TEN ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 First of all , I have to start this comment by saying I 'm a huge Nightmare on Elm Street fan . I think it 's the greatest horror series ever . For me , Freddy is the boogeyman ! Of course , Freddy 's Dead , which tried to be the last chapter back then , is a weird movie . It does n't have the same atmosphere than the previous films . Freddy has a lot of screen time . Some think it makes him less scary , which I do agree . And that 's , in my opinion , exactly the point . This movie exists so we can know Freddy a little better , who he is , who he were , how he became the man haunting our dreams . For some people , it 's a bad thing , it 's better if we never know because it 's scarier not to know why evil is evil . Obviously those people wo n't like Rob Zombie 's remake of Halloween . To truly enjoy this one , you have to see things differently . It 's not about a strange guy hiding in the bush of your dreamland waiting to scare the hell out of you . This was the first one , and it was awesome . As the years passed by , Freddy killed more and more people , and nobody could ever get rid of him for good . Now it 's time to learn about the nature of this evil , the psychological aspects of Freddy 's realm of terror . Beside the story of Freddy 's past , I also really liked the atmosphere of the movie . No more kids in Springwood , only crazy grown - ups . The nightmare scenes are all great . The soundtrack is awesome , especially the opening song called ' ' I 'm Awake Now '' performed by Goo Goo Dolls . In my opinion , The Final Nightmare is a horror masterpiece and I ca n't believe it 's so underrated . Maybe it is misunderstood , or I have different tastes ! Anyway , all Freddy fans should watch it . It has a lot of scary moments as well as funny moments too , and a lot of cameos ! Get yourself ready for something different and you might not be disappointed .
1 WARNING ! ! ! TONS OF DEAD GIVEAWAYS ! ! ! DON'T READ IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS SERIES ! OR YOU CAN , WHATEVER.<br /><br />They're are few words to describe a movie that claims to be the last and comes out with another ; Liars , Cheats , maybe even some words that ca n't be uttered . But When Elm Street 6 : Freddy 's Dead shows everyone who thought the series got old , and wanted to stop seeing him , or people who wanted their hero ( or Villian ) just stops for his final breath , This film was it.<br /><br />This film starts with a parody of Wizard of Oz , Then you see a kid who is named only as John Doe , Who is the last child in Springwood , Ohio , leaves and gets out of Freddy territory . A woman who resides at a hospital/ place to get kids off their feet kind of place meets this boy , and at the same time , has a dream about a man , a water tower , and a promise of a secret floating in her mind , goes back to Springwood to figure out this frightening vision , and soon finds out that she is Freddy 's child , And we soon find out that Freddy can only leave Springwood if his daughter can be a sort of host for him . And beyond that , fright ensues . This film seems to hit the nail on the head of everything you wanted to know.<br /><br />This film has tons of humor , and cameo appearences , like Rosanne Barr and Tom Arnold , Alice Cooper , Johnny Depp , and a very young Breckin Meyer playing a teenage stoner who sees psychadelic vision of flowers and Iron Butterfly 's " In - a - gadda - da - vida " , then gets stuck in a super Mario parody of sorts . This film will either make you hate this movie , or like Krueger even more . The best of the best .
1 I saw this movie with my friend and we could nt stop laughing ! i mean there was nothing scary about this movie ! It was funny all the lines Freddy said were hilarious ! I think they shoudln't have even made a new nightmare and just gone to Freddy Vs . jason . Although some parts were gross ( like the head blowing up ) . and any elm street film from 1- 5 sucked . this was the best besides Number 1 . I would nt recomend this movie if you want a good horror . But if you have nothing else to do rent this and you 'll laugh alot . I want to see the texas chainsaw massacre I think it would be scary . Freddy 's Dead The Final Nightmare overall grade : B-
1 " Ship Ahoy " was probably made in order to showcase MGM talent . The film is a fun trip on an ocean liner on its way to San Juan , Puerto Rico , at the time in which the country was involved in WWII . This was typical fare for the studios , which gave the movie going public light weight entertainment as a distraction during those difficult times the country was living.<br /><br />The beautiful Eleanor Powell is seen at her best in some musical numbers where she clearly shows us she was a dancer to be reckoned with . Red Skelton is also seen in a straight part with not too much clowning , as he pursues the beautiful Ms. Powell on the ship that is bringing them to Puerto Rico . The irresistible Bert Lahr has good opportunities in the film to show he was a funny man . Also Virginia Grey is seen as a fun girl who is not fooled by anyone.<br /><br />There are good musical numbers featuring Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra , in which one sees , among others , the amazing Buddy Rich , who has a few solos with Mr. Dorsey and Ms. Powell . A young Frank Sinatra appears also as the lead singer of the band , backed by the Pied Pipers.<br /><br />This is a nostalgic trip that should be savored by fans of this genre , which MGM totally controlled .
1 What fun ! Bucketfuls of good humor , terrific cast chemistry ( Skelton / Powell / Lahr / O'Brien ) , dynamite Dorsey - driven soundtrack ! Miss Powell 's dance numbers have exceptional individual character and pizzazz . Her most winning film appearance .
1 The plot of this enjoyable MGM musical is contrived and only occasionally amusing , dealing with espionage and romance but the focus of the film is properly pointed upon the tuneful interludes showcasing the enormously talented and athletic tap dancing Eleanor Powell , abetted by Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra , featuring Ziggy Elman , Buddy Rich and Frank Sinatra . Red Skelton shares top billing with Powell , and he and sidekick Bert Lahr are given most of the comedic minutes , although Skelton is more effective when he , if it can be believed , performs as Powell 's love interest , with Virginia O'Brien actually providing most of the film 's humor as the dancer 's companion . The technical brilliance of Powell is evidenced during one incredible scene within which Buddy Rich contributes his drumming skills , and which must be viewed several times in order to permit one 's breathing to catch up with her precision . Director Edward Buzzell utilizes his large cast well to move the action nicely along despite the rather disjointed script with which he must deal , and permits Powell 's cotangent impossibilities to rule the affair , as is appropriate .
1 As with most of Eleanor Powell 's films , this one plays out along the flimsiest of plots . For some reason -- oh it is explained ! -- she 's selected to transport a magnetic mine to Cuba . Good guys and bad guys compete for the mine and who is who gets confusing . But , as always , Powell 's dancing is superb and worth the price of admission . And in this one Lahr plays his cowardly lion , evoking warm memories of that Technicolor film of 1939 . A fringe benefit is hearing a young Frank , with that wonderful voice and skinny vulnerability that he abandoned for his wise - guy persona later on . In addition , the great drummer , Buddy Rich , has a wonderful time displaying his virtuosity . Watch particularly for his unique duet with Dorsey 's trumpet man , Ziggy Elman . I say " unique " perhaps in ignorance , but I know of no other drum / trumpet sequence like this one on film or records . This film is fun . Even Skelton 's goofy persona is relatively restrained . Powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever .
1 As the story in my family goes , my dad , Milton Raskin , played the piano for the Dorsey band . After Sinatra joined the band , my dad practiced with him for hours on end . Then , at a point in time , my dad told Sinatra that he was actually to good to be tied up with such a small group ( band ) , and that he should venture off on his own . By that time Sinatra had enough credits ' under his belt ' to do just that ! Dorsey never forgave my dad , and the rest , as they say , is history.<br /><br />I have some pictures and records to that effect , and so does Berkley University in California.<br /><br />I have seen just about every Sinatra movie more times than I wish to say , and his movies never get old . . . Thank you Frank
1 The Write Word < br /><br />What you see is what you get . Not really ! What Madhur Bhandarkar 's brave and brilliant ' Page 3 ' does is destroy the myth attached to the glam and glitterati that colour the pages of our newspapers and whose lives(read party habits ) we follow with such maniacal fervour which only our intrinsic voyeuristic streak can explain . < br /><br />The page 3 phenomenon is as deplorable as it is enigmatic . How exactly did it gain such control over the printed word and when did it start to encroach into the front page is subject for another debate . Bhandarkar cleverly avoids that . He is concerned only with the mechanisms of this grotesque existence . And in doing that , he pieces together the various elements of this way of life . Like Robert Altman(although I 'm not comparing Bhandarkar to Altman 's genius ) , Bhandarkar uses myriad characters to further his motive . Whether it is a page 3 wannabe NRI , the gate - crashers , the newly - rich , an upcoming model , a socialite politician or an erotic novella authoress ; all the characters are introduced with an objective and each of them has a separate character - sketch , even if their parts may be miniscule . And therein lays the film 's appeal . < br /><br />Konkona Sen Sharma plays Madhavi Sharma , a young and talented journalist who covers page 3 for Nation Today . Initially content with her job , she soon begins to see the ugliness of this underbelly that is covered by its fake and cosmetic profligacy . But Bhandarkar resists the temptation to make this subject into a moral - policing movie and avoids concentrating on one character alone . Hence the movie is not only about Madhavi , but also equally about Deepak Suri(Boman Irani)- Madhavi 's editor who passively accepts his role as a cog of a larger machinery , Anjali Thapar(Soni Razdan)- a socialite suffocating from the social pollution , Abhijeet(Rehan Engineer)- a homosexual make - up artist and Madhavi 's roommates Pearl(Sandhya Mridul)- the sassy airhostess and Gayatri(Tara Sharma)-an aspiring actress . It seems like an impossible task to assimilate so many characters(and more ) in one story , but full credit to Nina Arora and Manoj Tyagi for penning a tight screenplay . The dialogues by Sanjeev Datta and Bhandarkar have been written with great attention to detail . < br /><br />Any narrative , no matter how good , can fall flat with the lack of genuine performances . Thankfully , ' Page 3 ' brims with actors and not stars . Konkona goes through her author - backed role with effortless ease . Ditto Boman . Sandhya Mridul gets the best written part , but almost overdoes it . Atul Kulkarni is wasted though with an underwritten character . At times , the director seems too keen to incorporate as much as possible(paedophilia , homosexuality , etc . ) . But the contexts in which they are used do not make them look rushed . < br /><br />Ultimately , Bhandarkar 's attempt is to satiate our voyeurism , but he takes it a step further . He takes us inside the photographs and exposes us to the gruesome realities of this sect of humanity that strangely seems to be living in a different and remote world . These are the same people that indulged in new - year 's revelry while a few hundred kilometers away their fellow countrymen had been ravaged by nature 's ferocity ! Clever writing , skillfully incorporated songs , able performances and a genuine feeling of sincerity are what make this film worthy in spite of its lack of finesse and poor production values . ' Page 3 ' is an optimum way to enter a new year of cinema.<br /><br />- Abhishek Bandekar < br /><br />Rating- * * * * < br /><br / > * Poor * * Average * * * Good * * * * Very Good * * * * * Excellent < br /><br />29th January , 2005
1 I did not like Chandni Bar from the same director.<br /><br />I did not watch his other movies . They came and went.<br /><br />But Page-3 is nicely made . Seems real . Like Satya from RGV did.<br /><br />The mental sickness of the so called high society is the summary of the movie . In the midst of all the sickness , its difficult to lead a normal life which the protagonist , Konkana Sen , does . Serious movie , not to be watched with children or expecting wives . Page-3 of newspapers is the usual place for reporting the activities going on in the parties of the rich and elite who indulge in much more filth then what is reported . How this Page-3 is also a business prospect is shown in the movie . Event management firms get paid to arrange parties and make a rich but not famous people famous overnight by clicking photographs with the celebrities invited to the party.<br /><br />The western culture has crept into the high society of Mumabi quite deeply . The movie shows it boldly , no holds barred.<br /><br />Madhur Bhandarkar starts a new journey from here .
1 Page 3 is one of those films Madhur Bhandarkar makes to expose societal filth . The film is compelling , but , like most of Bhandarkar 's films , it is one - sided and overly pessimistic . This film is all about tabloid journalism , gossip , celebrities . The film exposes the lives of socialites , whose lifestyle is disastrously boastful , peculiar and repulsive . They party , they care for nothing but fame , they plan parties at funerals , they are craving for more money and a higher reputation , they will do anything to get due exposure in the media , to get their names boldly printed on the daily newspaper 's social column known as " Page 3 " with huge photographs which will be the center of people 's discussions . They are attention seeking , salacious and hypocrite . The film industry is shown as sleazy , with casting couch being a common phenomenon among filmmakers . That 's where our lovely heroine , a young social column reporter Madhvi Sharma , is thrown . All these people from Mumbai 's elite depend on her articles and she is the right person to befriend at these parties if you want her to mention you in her article . Later in the film we learn that even those who are Madhvi 's friends are no different from these high - society people . This was tough viewing for me , although the film is unquestionably brave and the issues it deals with are interesting.<br /><br />The film 's music is average . The only passable songs are " Kitne Ajeeb " and " Huzoor - E - Ala " , sung by the two melody queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle , respectively . Otherwise the soundtrack is bad . One song which was particularly horrendous is " Filmy Very Filmy " . The film 's writing is quite good . The second half is far better than the first , as it turns more matter - of - fact and exposes much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse . That 's where the film has to be applauded . It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear and Konkona Sen Sharma 's character 's disappointment was very easy to relate to . She was excellent throughout the film and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive . Atul Kulkarni 's part was very small but he did full justice to it . Boman Irani is solid as the newspaper 's editor . Sandhya Mridul is lovable as Madhvi 's sassy roommate Pearl who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it . The film 's ending is really well - done , and provides a certain sigh of relief after the unimaginably tough proceedings . Page 3 is a good film , it is interesting and at times moving , but the level of its interest and its general quality are marred by its exaggerated , overly messy and negative portrayal of the rich and famous .
1 Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film that is supposed to expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous while also providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today.<br /><br />Celebrities party endlessly , they like to be seen at these parties , and to get due exposure in the media . In fact the film would have us believe that this exposure MAKES celebrities out of socialites and the newspapers have a huge hand in this . IMO there is much more synergy between the celebrities and media and it is a " I need you , you need me " kind of relationship . However , the media needs celebrities more and not vice versa . Anyhow , in this milieu of constant partying is thrown the social column ( page 3 of the newspaper ) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma . She is shown as this celebrity maker , very popular at the social gatherings . She has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the struggling model Rohit ( Bikram Saluja ) . She rooms with an air - hostess – the sassy Pearl ( Sandhya Mridul ) , and a struggling actress - Gayatri ( Tara Sharma ) . The editor of the newspaper is Boman Irani and a firebrand crime beat reporter is played by Atul Kulkarni . The movie has almost too many plot diversions and characters but does work at a certain level . The rich are shown to be rotten to the core for the most part , the movie biz shown to be sleazy to the max with casting couch scenarios , exploitation of power , hunger for media exposure . Into all this is layered in homosexuality , a homosexual encounter that seems to not have much to do with the story or plot , rampant drug use , pedophilia , police " encounter " deaths . In light of all this Pearl 's desire to have a super rich husband , a socialite daughter indulging in a sexual encounter in a car , the bitching women , all seem benign ills.<br /><br />The film has absolutely excellent acting by Konkana Sen Sharma , Atul Kulkarni has almost no role – a pity in my opinion . But the supporting cast is more than competent ( Boman Irani is very good ) . This is what saves the film for me . Mr. Bhandarkar bites off way more than he can chew or process onto celluloid and turns the film into a free for all bash . I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of societal ills and explored them more effectively . He berates societal exploitation yet himself exploits all the masala ingredients needed for a film to be successful . We have an item number in the framework of a Bollywood theme party , the drugged out kids dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a Western beat . I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to ditch even more of the Hindi film stereotyped ingredients . The film is a brave ( albeit flawed ) effort , certainly worth a watch .
1 Page 3 is most definitely a very enthralling and captivating eye - opener that very cleverly exposes the hypocrite lifestyles of Mumbai 's elite . From the fake kisses to the plastered smiles , Page 3 leaves no stone unturned in revealing the shocking lives of the rich and the famous . Backstabbing , gossip , corruption , and scandal lurk in every dark corner in the world of glitz and glam . Humanity and generosity are analogous to an oasis in the desert in this world where Social Darwinism is the prevailing mentality . Everyone is constantly craving for more money , more fame , and a higher reputation , driving them to do the most shameful things imaginable ranging from signing film contracts at a funeral to child molestation . Anything is possible in this metropolis where there is a such a wide gap between the social classes . The audience sees the ugliness of both of these classes through the eyes of the protagonist . She observes the suffocating atmosphere and the mind - boggling frenzy that the socialites live in . Bollywood , business tycoons , politicians , and the underworld are all intertwined in a completely convoluted mess ! Kitne Ajeeb Hai is a nice track as is the peppy Kuan Main Doob Jaongi . Terrific film with excellent character development !
1 The first review I saw of Page 3 said " what is madhur bhandarkar finally wants to say ? " . Should he say something so decisive.<br /><br />The most beautiful thing about Page 3 is it does n't take sides . No propaganda whatsoever . This is the film that captures so many angles of an issue(I do n't know what do I call as an " issue " here ) and yet like any mediocre movie does n't come up with an solution . I was so intrigued when I realized that the movie ended almost in the same scenario just like it started.<br /><br />The movie defines so many characters who are completely with completely different priorities and different ideologies and yet they are all a part of the system which is all the more apathetic . I wish i can say more but there would be more spoilers ahead . So watch Page 3 if you wanna see one of the most mature films of the recent times .
1 Madhur Bhandarkar goes all out to touch upon taboo issues and gives the most realistic picture of the modern society . One gets the impression of the director even from his earlier movies like Satta and Chandni bar . The issues just hinted on in the latter movie are explored and exposed in totality here . The casting is amazing and one can see the judgements on each scene from many angles . Mostly , the movie leaves you wondering on lots of facts around . As you start guessing the things , you end up at most being close , but missing the mark in many a scenes . It leaves a lasting impression in the end.<br /><br />Actors to watch are Konkana Sen Sharma , Boman Irani & Atul Kulkarni among others . The dialogues are well written and you feel you 've lived around some of these people . There are still some scenes that make you think of more depths . The songs are in the background saving time and Lata 's voice in a very meaningful song " Kitne Ajeeb " leaves you feeling you 're left all alone in the midst of the modern society !
1 The movie is a real show of how unemotional and selfish the upper society has become . It has plenty of characters and each and every character is representing a different category of person . No character is 100 % good and moral unlike the heroes of all the typical Indian movies and no character is 100 % bad rather all are just different . The movie is a very perfect mixture of emotions , drama and entertainment . For the very first time i liked a movie that has raised some social questions . I would recommend all to see the movie . Madhavi Sharma is a journalist who covers those hip - shaking parties of Bollywood for the Page 3 of the newspaper but this is the story of how she becomes a crime reporter for the newspaper . But this is not all , then it shows how she could n't survive there and when she helped rescue some innocent children , how brutally her voice is suppressed . Even she is fired from the job . Then she could n't find a job of crime reporter and has to do Page 3 again . Not only her but a very very large number of characters are interwoven in the movie and all gives different feeling while watching the movie . I would really congratulate the director for making such a great movie . Please do not afford to miss it .
1 Madhur Bhandarkar has given it all raw . But the best part is he has n't forgotten to give the ingredients . It has come short and crisp to the viewer and it is the audience to make the choice now . Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth irrespective of the crudeness attached to it.<br /><br />Madhavi ( Konkan Sharma ) is a journalist and enjoys her work . A simple and peaceful life adores her with a caring boyfriend and a nice roommate Pearl . She covers the Page 3 ( Celebrity Page ) of Nation Today , where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri ( Boman Irani . ) But life takes turn for her as she hits the first bump and takes herself away from Page 3 and goes into Crime bit . Omigosh ! a whole new world was waiting for her there . She is shocked , excited , stunned with the revelation . Her reaction has resulted in losing the job . At the end she is back to Page 3 . Now when she meets any celebrity in a party , she knows the actual looks of each , hidden under the illusive face.<br /><br />The movie has a message and it is crude . The audience needs to get it in their own color . The theme and the screenplay was fantastic . There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences . Like the foreplay - club is shown before the pedophiliac exhibition , the short suspense before gay - actions in bathroom . The dialogs are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it . Charu Mohanty 's 2 words speaks volumes and he is very successful in uttering those two words with such ingenuity , it leaves an impact . The set selections could have been better . The songs do n't stand anywhere ; but they were needed in the background . Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high - impact . There were a few flaws visible . Atul Kulkarni explaining Konkan Sharma that honesty should be tagged along with intelligence . There could have been a better dialog as this sounds like a preach . The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does n't call for acting . That scene looks very unprofessional.<br /><br />Overall it is a must - watch movie with selective options before the pedophilia incident . That may spoil your mood .
1 Yet again , Madhur Bhandarkar takes you on a ride to the wild side . And a remarkable one it is , literally and figuratively.<br /><br />Mumbai hi - society -- stars and starlets , glam dolls and witch doctors , business tycoons and broker types , yep the whole stinking lot -- are in sharp focus here . In typical tabloid fashion , their worlds unfold , with every colorful story a clever sub - plot in itself.<br /><br />A struggling starlet dumped by the producer after getting her pregnant , the stewardess and her high - profile husband , the pedophile businessman and his neurotic wife , the reporters and the police captain ; all shades on display and countless hues in between.<br /><br />Bhandarkar does a swell job of digging up the dirt on the drama kings , the dancing queens and the living dead . Atul Kulkarni packs a punch , as does Boman Irani and Sandhya Mrudul . Konkona Sen Sharma is effective as the ex - crime beat reporter , but she could have been dolled up a little in keeping with the job change and the party circuit.<br /><br />Highly focused ( running time 140 min ) and refreshingly different film , well worth the money .
1 Madhur from CHANDNI BAR started making realistic films , which some people called dry < br /><br />He made SATTA which was another realistic though filmy film but a great film < br /><br />AAN men at work was a formula film by him which flopped < br /><br />He returns with his superlative PAGE 3<br /><br />A film which dwelves into the lives of journalists and it 's a brilliant film < br /><br />The film is well narrated though the half baked romantic portions of Konkana could be avoided but that is forgiven < br /><br />The entire Upendra Limaye track is superb too < br /><br />while the Atul Kulkarni track is great too < br /><br />The dial between Manoj Joshi and his friends are funny at first but repetitive at times < br /><br />The subplot of Bikram- Tara is brilliant and so is the entire hospital scene and also the final child abuse which shocks you < br /><br />The film has a open ended ending which is nicely handled < br /><br />Madhur does a great job Music is okay < br /><br />Konkana excels as Madhavi , using her expressions to the best Tara Sharma is decent except her voice Sandhya Mridul is good as usual Upendra Limaye excels in his part as the cop , one of the talented actors Sadly he is n't used well nowdays Atul Kulkarni too is good in his small part Boman Irani is restrained and does a great job rest are okay
1 PAGE 3 * * * * out of 4 Stars < br /><br />Madhvi ( Konkona Sen ) enters her boyfriend 's house and its empty . She looks here and there and then goes in his bedroom and you get the picture - ' Ah ! another girl …  that two - timing baddie and yes indeed he his two timing her but it 's a GUY this time around . And i say ' Brilliant!'<br /><br />END OF SPOILERS ( The above scene is not a spoiler really ... but for me it was so i did n't want to take a chance)<br /><br />When asked upon as how was this film , my friend answered ' oh , it just an exposé of the P3 people ' which made me believe that ill be watching a stupid movie if nothing more . When I went to the theater , I thought to myself '' I better get a pen and a paper to jot down the bad things about this film '' but I was proved entirely wrong …  and then some because I could muster only the goods . This film was great . Great , not because it is offbeat and noncommercial cinema like storyline but because of the cleverness in the screenplay and how this movie tells you how to handle a movie brilliantly which could have been a dumb and senseless movie if given in the wrong hands.<br /><br />Konkona Sen Sharma is grace . She is so damn beautiful who has nailed her role perfectly as if she was born to play this part . One of the most charming actresses I 've ever seen . But this is not the only performance which is good in the film , there 's Sandhya Mridul , Boman Irani and Atul Kulkarni . Particularly Sandhya Mridul who just fires up the screen . ( And guess what even the unusually accented Tara Sharma speaks normally)<br /><br />The movies stars off with some silly old parties of the hush - hush celebrities of the film industry et al and you get the idea of what this movie will be about . And for about half hour through the film you feel just about the same . But then the movie picks up the pace grabs onto a good storyline and never lets go of it . Even Boman Irani agrees to that statement – ' It was a good story , Madhvi ' . ( Thank you ) . The great thing is that it tackles the issue of how silly these people are with style and does not make it over done and also tackles the social issues and does not make them boring . In the end its all a roller - coaster ride and Madhvi informs us that by just smiling at all these people . Just the reason why I love watching films . Ecstatic film - making . The screenplay is beautiful , clever and witty .
1 Page 3 is a great movie . The story is so refreshing and interesting . Not once throughout the movie did i find myself staring off into space . Konkana Sen did a good job in the movie , although i think someone with more glamour or enthusiasm would have been better , but she did do a great job . All the supporting actors were also very good and helped the movie along . Boman Irani did a great job . There is one thing that stands out in this movie THE STORY it is great , and very realistic , it does n't beat around the bush it is very straight forward in sending out its message . I think more movie like this should be made , i am sick of watching the same candy floss movies over and over , they are getting hard to digest now . Everyone should watch Page 3 , it is a great film . -Just my 2 cents :)
1 This is yet another tell - it - as - it - is Madhur Bhandarkar film . I am not sure why he has this obsession to show Child moles***ion and g*y concepts to the Indian filmy audience , but I find some of those scenes really disgusting ! What 's new ? It is a nice piece put together by Bhandarkar , where he shows the story of an entertainment reporter played by leading lady in the famous film , Mr & Mrs Iyer . What makes this movie different is , that it also covers the stories of people that this reporter interacts with or is friends with , such as her roomies , her colleagues , film stars , models , rich people and others featured in the Entertainment Page#3 in her newspaper.<br /><br />Noticeable : It is another good performance from Mrs Iyer . She is likely to be noticed for this role . She does selective roles but shines in them . She is noticeably de - glamorized and less beautiful in this film . But then , entertainment reporters are not supposed to outshine the people they cover , right ? Verdict : Madhur has come up with another good movie , that brings social issues to the limelight very nicely . However , this movie loses focus and one is not sure what the director is trying to convey.<br /><br />Is he trying to show us the glitz and glamor of the rich people ? or is he trying to show us the life of an entertainment reporter and contrasting that with the life of the REAL crime reporter ? Is he trying to tell us how the government and rich folks rule the press ? or is he trying to illustrate the issues with child abuse and g*y folk . The other concepts brought forth include the unwritten rule that young women have to sleep with directors or co - stars , if they wish to enter Bollywood.<br /><br />In addition , he talks about how flight assistants get sick and tired of their jobs after a while and resort to extreme measures by marrying much elder people , etc . He also talks about unhappy women and spoilt kids in rich families.<br /><br />This was all okay for me .. but might be too complex for an average movie - goer , who just wants to relieve some stress from day to day work
1 This movie is an eye opener for those who can only the glamorous lifestyles of the stars . It tells you how people who would like to do good are not able to . Plus the bomb blast scene is very real.<br /><br />What you read and are taught just does not happen!!!<br /><br />Can raise your BP level by 10%<br /><br />All actors played their role very well.<br /><br />Some scenes may / could have been avoided to include teenagers.<br /><br />This movie is quite adult in nature.<br /><br />Not a movie that can be seen with family.<br /><br />Casting is great ! ! !
1 Here is proof of why Mary Pickford was ` America 's Sweetheart . ' In this rather complex drama , Mary plays the young daughter of a squatter that dare to dream of a relationship with the son of one of the ` hill - toppers . ' The scenes where they steal a kiss and otherwise fall in love are simply delightful . She is even willing to take a bath . That Mary could pull this role off at the age of 30 is simply amazing and somewhat due to her diminutive stature ( 5').<br /><br />Tess must face numerous physical and emotional challenges . She does so with spunk not seen in many heroines of the time . Tess packs a wallop and is not shy about fighting with anyone . Why she agrees to help the ` hill - topper ' daughter is beyond me , but she sacrifices her own happiness in order to keep a deep secret . Pickford 's close ups are wonderful.<br /><br />Danish - born Jean Hersholt is simply wonderful as the villain . The scene in which he manhandles a small baby is enough to make you throw vegetables ( or whatever ) at the movie screen . If Forrest Robinson ( who plays Daddy Skinner ) had worn a beard , he would have been a match for the model used in those World War I recruiting posters of Uncle Sam – Wants You!<br /><br />Although the story is somewhat predictable and slow in the beginning , it is worth the investment in your time to see the piece or pure ` Americana . ' The film highlights choices available to us all involving making someone else happy and what it is to be a real Christian . Recommended .
1 Uneducated & defiant , beautiful TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is the daughter of a fisherman squatting on a rich man 's land . Spirited & bold , she captures the heart of the millionaire 's son , but violence , terror & sudden death are what will haunt her immediate future before she can claim the sweet peace of happiness.<br /><br />Mary Pickford is utterly charming in this splendid , heart - wrenching film . She considered Tess to be her favorite role and she fills it with all the spunky joy & enthusiasm which made her for years the world 's most popular movie star . The story has all the essential elements for a modern fairy tale , with Mary the lovely , distressed heroine beset by all manner of dangerous , stressful situations . The atmospherics are first - rate , with the outdoor fishing village sets being particularly well - conceived.<br /><br />In the supporting cast , Jean Hersholt stands out as the vile villain who tries forcing Pickford to marry him . Hersholt , a very gentle soul off screen , manages brilliantly to depict his character 's complete moral corruption.<br /><br />This was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS . A 1914 version had been one of her first important films , but its production values were a bit antiquated by the standards of the 1920 's ( no close - ups , for instance ) and Mary , producing her own films & powerful enough by 1922 to make whatever film she wanted , decided for the only time in her career to remake a film . The end result certainly lived up to her expectations . Both films were very popular at the box office.<br /><br />A fascinating study for some future film researcher would be the influence of Christianity in Mary Pickford 's life ; it certainly runs like a golden thread through the silent movies she produced . Although the romanticism inherent in the very nature of silent cinema might cause these spiritual sentiments to appear somewhat awkward today , we are compelled to accept them as sincere reflections , by their very repetition , of Mary 's heartfelt beliefs . In TESS , one beautiful scene in particular stands out in this regard : Pickford is teaching herself to read using a Bible . She indicates to Lloyd Hughes ( who plays her sweetheart ) a word from near the back of the Book that she does not understand . He mimes it for her ( the word is obviously ` crucified ' ) and , eyes turned Heavenward as the full meaning of the Sacrifice dawns upon her , Mary 's face becomes positively beatific.<br /><br />A splendid new orchestral score for TESS has been supplied by Jeffrey Mark Silverman which perfectly underscores the beauty & pathos of this wonderful film .
1 I had never seen a silent movie until July 24 , 2005 . I had never seen a movie with Mary Pickford in it . I 've seen thousands of movies . Very few are hypnotic to me . I found Last of the Mohicans and Unforgettable ( Ray Liotta ) to be hypnotic , so consider the source as you read this . I started watching Tess of the Storm Country on TCM just to see who this Mary Pickford was , who has been credited by many for launching Hollywood . I had no idea what I was in for . Two hours later , I snapped out of it , and realized I 'd watched one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen , playing a role perfectly suited to her . Imagine a movie fan in 1922 , having never seen anyone that gorgeous and that expressive before . You would have to see her again and again . The setting was perfect for a girl that expressive . She was a poor squatter , could n't speak the King 's English , but you had to admire her . What a movie ... time to start my Mary Pickford movie collection !
1 Had this been the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY ( also starring Mary Pickford ) , I probably would have rated it a lot higher , as this sort of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was pretty typical of the teens . However , by 1922 , this film was already starting to show its age . And , compared to many of Ms. Pickford 's other films ( such as DADDY LONGLEGS , SPARROWS , MY BEST GIRL and SUDS ) , TESS comes up a tad short -- and not every Pickford film merits a 10 ( even if she was " America 's Sweetheart " ) . Now this is n't to say that it 's a bad film -- it certainly is n't . But , I just ca n't see how so many have given this film a 10.<br /><br />The film has a very long and complicated plot -- especially because most films of the era were shorter . A rich old crank builds a mansion at the top of a hill next to the river . At the bottom of the hill are some dirty squatters who he hates but who he can not evict . So he tries to come up with a variety of ways to get them off the land . One ends up in tragedy , when his daughter 's fiancé is killed in a scuffle with the po ' folks . The man accused of the murder is dear old Mary 's father , though he is innocent . To make things a lot worse , the only witness to the real murder wo n't talk AND the dead man had gotten his fiancée pregnant ! So , at this point , we have an innocent man in prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant lady afraid to tell her sanctimonious father she is " in the family way " . There 's a ton more to the film , such as the crank 's son falling in love with Mary , but it 's best you just see the film for yourself.<br /><br />The film excels in some ways . The plot , while very complicated , is also rather interesting and the cinematography is top - notch . The very final scene is also pretty cute . However , there is so much overt sentimentality you can practically cut it with a knife . Mary is SO good and SO sweet and So plucky , at times the viewer might find it all a bit hard to take . While it worked great in 1922 ( making her the biggest star in the world ) , today it 's very dated . This is NOT true of all her films , but this one certainly is.<br /><br />By the way , the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality , though a few scenes are badly degraded -- something that is n't very surprising considering the age of the film . Also , the only extras included are a brief filmography .
1 TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY is possibly the best movie of all of Mary Pickford 's films . At two hours , it was quite long for a 1922 silent film yet continues to hold your interest some 80 years after it was filmed . Mary gives one of her finest performances at times the role seems like a " greatest hits " performance with bits of Mary the innocent , Mary the little devil , Mary the little mother , Mary the spitfire , Mary the romantic heroine , etc . characteristics that often were used throughout a single film in the past . The movie is surprisingly frank about one supporting character 's illegitimate child for 1922 and at one point our Little Mary is thought the unwed mother in question ! If the Academy Awards had been around in 1922 , no doubt the Best Actress Oscar for the year would have been Mary 's .
1 This film does not fail to engage and move , even in 2008 to an audience only familiar with modern over - produced sound and computer enhanced techniques.<br /><br />The experience of the movie goer in 1922 who could only see this in a cinema with others on their big screen must have been truly profound and a thoroughly satisfying experience.<br /><br />One has to ask could a film maker today make a two hour silent movie and make it interesting and achieve the same structure tempo and balance as this movie has . Silent film making was pure art , it had to hold the attention through its structure , direction and acting - there was no padding out with more words or computer generated distractions . A poorly made or uninteresting silent movie is unwatchable.<br /><br />This film needs to be put into context for those who might be disconcerted with the mention of Christian themes . This is not a ' Christiany ' film , it is not selling anything . These themes along with reference to current moral standards often appear in this era - also church going on Sundays was a national past time , Christianity was a given in most households thus the film is only depicting normal life as it was then . The themes would have rung true and deep at the time.<br /><br />It is most odd given the strong support to good Christian thinking of this particular movie ( and it is not preaching religion to anyone , only highlighting the difference between hypocrites and the honest)that in 1922 a Pastor in an open debate with a representative from the film industry with a large crowd denounced Pickford as an example of immorality , along with some other individuals he named . NY Times 1922.<br /><br />Maybe they should have watched this movie that also came out in 1922 and , learned some lessons.<br /><br />The Pastor complained that since the film industry had started church attendance had dropped 500,000 . The film representative in the debate however made the following observations ; that saloon attendance had also dropped , that there were far more pastors in prison than actors ( fact ) and that selecting a few examples from among the many was not representative of the whole.<br /><br />Thus there was an ongoing battle between church and the film industry during the early days of film.<br /><br />This is a wonderful film about being honest and true to family friends and to be willing to make sacrifices . Mary Pickford , naive , honest , feisty , full of happiness and joy , faithful , humorous and silently sacrificing - though poor and uneducated she represented the perfect character . This however is not thrust down our throat but revealed bit by bit through the film.<br /><br />This is reminiscent of some modern Chinese films where characters are slowly , languidly revealed over the course of a film and it is this tempo that creates a stronger connection with the character . < br /><br />It has a smooth even tempo for the first half that builds all the elements for the last section . The last 30 minutes are great film making and it has to be appreciated it was achieved without the benefit of sound , running dialog - it was achieved through deft acting and great directing . It is sometimes surprising to realize that at the end of the film you have n't hear a word spoken , but it feels like you have heard everything.<br /><br />The supporting cast put in great performances especially Gloria Hope , Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes . < br /><br />The final few minutes are typical Pickford understated humor as she goes outside under the pretext of sweeping the snow , a near perfect balance and ending . This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated . Chaplin used this device often and copied some of from Pickford.<br /><br />Another special observation to be made about Silent films and especially Pickford films is that the star often has to hold the camera for much of the movie without the audience becoming jaded or bored , with the actors over - exposure . That Pickford is usually thoroughly the center of attention through most of her movies but the people still could n't get enough of her is a testament to her fine acting ability .
1 Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role . Well said ! She played the part twice and for this version which she herself produced , she not only had to purchase the rights from Adolph Zukor but even give him credit on the film 's main title card . Needless to say her portrayal of this role here is most winning . Indeed , in my opinion , the movie itself rates as one the all - time great experiences of silent cinema.<br /><br />True , director John S. Robertson does n't move his camera an inch from start to finish , but in Robertson 's skillful hands this affectation not only does n't matter but is probably more effective . A creative artist of the first rank , Robertson is a master of pace , camera angles and montage . He has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players . Jean Hersholt who enacts the heavy is so hideously repulsive , it 's hard to believe this is the same man as kindly Dr Christian ; while Lloyd Hughes renders one of the best acting jobs of his entire career . True , it 's probably not the way Mrs White intended , but it serves the plot admirably , as otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the dope spent a fortune on defense but made not the slightest attempt to ascertain who actually fired the gun that killed his future brother - in - law ! Needless to say , this particular quality of the likable hero is downplayed by Jack Ging in the bowdlerized 1960 version which also totally deletes the author 's trenchant attack on smug , middle - class Christianity . Notice how the well - washed priest here moves forward a pace or two in surprise at the interruption , but then makes no attempt whatever to assist our plucky little heroine in the performance of duties that he himself was supposedly ordained to administer . This is a very moving scene indeed because it is so realistically presented.<br /><br />"Tess " also provides an insight into the work of another fine actress , Gloria Hope , whose work was entirely confined to silent cinema . She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life completely to her husband and their two children . Lloyd Hughes died in 1958 , but she lived until 1976 , easily contactable in Pasadena , but I bet no - one had the brains to interview her . Another opportunity lost ! < br /><br />To me , Forrest Robinson only made a middling impression as Skinner . I thought he was slightly miscast and a brief glance at his filmography proves this : He usually played priests or judges ! But David Torrence as usual was superb.<br /><br />In all , an expensive production with beautiful photography and marvelous production values .
1 Tess of the Storm Country was a Mary Pickford vehicle I had intended to get for some time . I finally found a VHS copy for a reasonable price and got to enjoy it.<br /><br />Mary gives her typical spunky , innocently sexy portrayal of a wrong - side - of - tracks girl who wins the heart of a rich heir . Only this time the stakes are higher : a false murder charge , an illegitimate child ( and ensuing case of mistaken motherhood ) and contemplated suicide.<br /><br />One can see why Pickford wanted to redo this one . The story is a real morality tale , the kind that she loved to star in . The controversial topics are n't always spelled out plainly ; a viewer has to pay attention and pick up on hints to catch everything that is being implied on first viewing – although everything is more or less explained in the end.<br /><br />About the only negative remark I can make would be concerning Jean Hersholt and the dog . Hersholt , whose character , Ben Letts , looks to be about 6 - 2 , 200 pounds ( bigger next to Mary , of course ! ) , is sent fleeing in panic when a 60-pound chocolate lab charges toward him ! Then , to top it off ( or maybe to justify his perplexing fear of the dog ) , it manages to pin him to the ground and somehow injures him so badly that he is still struggling to get up much later , as a bad storm hits ! This is the same lovable lab that sleeps with Frederick ( Lloyd Hughes ) and cuddles with Mary ! Yet Mary later throws boiling water in Ben 's face , which barely slows him ! OK , I 've vented about Ben and the chocolate lab ! Other than that , the movie was quite touching and certainly held my attention . Pickford 's supporting cast was strong and believable . This is certainly among her better films .
1 This film has special effects which for it 's time are very impressive . Some if it is easily explainable with the scenes played backwards but the overlay of moving images on an object on film is surprisingly well done given that this film was made more than 94 years ago .
1 For animation buffs it 's a must , but even general audiences will enjoy THE CAMERAMAN 'S REVENGE , a very early example of ' pixilation ' by the hard - working pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz . Starewicz and his helpers painstakingly manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story , paving the way for the likes of Willis O'Brien , George Pal , Ray Harryhausen , and legions of modern digital effect creators.<br /><br />THE CAMERAMAN 'S REVENGE is only about 10 minutes long , but packs in lots of amusing detail as the story follows the amorous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub , a hotel , a cinema , and , eventually , a prison cell . There are two brief dance numbers at the nightclub ( performed by a frog and a dragonfly ) , a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper , and a large - scale donnybrook at the cinema , which ends with the projector bursting into flames . Pretty elaborate goings - on for 1912 , when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay were just getting started , and Walt Disney was still in grade school!<br /><br />It 's interesting to note , too , what an impact the alteration of a silent movie 's title cards can have on the story being told . I 've seen two versions of this film offered by two video companies , and watched them back - to - back , and although the image content itself is almost identical , two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories . ( And the plot outline someone provided above tells yet a third story , which suggests that there 's another version out there somewhere . ) The British Film Institute 's print , which has rhyming intertitles , tells the story of two sibling beetles , each secretly married , who hide this information from one another in order to inherit their late father 's fortune . The other , Russian print , tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity . In the Russian version Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the " Gay Dragonfly " nightclub , while in the English version brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music - hall . Personally , I prefer the straightforward-- and spicier --Russian story ; the BFI version tries to cram too much plot into what should be a simple tale , and some of the rhymes are a bit awkward.<br /><br />Still , in any rendition , THE CAMERAMAN 'S REVENGE is a delightful film , and would make an ideal lead - in to that other great animated work which features beetles , YELLOW SUBMARINE .
1 Ladislas Starewicz 's curiosity with insects and cinema melds into a short film about a love triangle between Mr. Beetle , an artistic grasshopper , and Mrs. Beetle . The rather simple story of an adulterous beetle couple that both seek stimulation outside their marriage is similar to a Biograph or Vitagraph short of the time . Starewicz 's twist on the story is to use embalmed beetles with wires straightening the legs in frame - by - frame animation . The story builds as Mr. Beetle is unknowingly caught on camera with a dragonfly from the local nightclub by a jealous grasshopper . When Mr. Beetle comes home to find his wife in the arms of her artistic friend , he chases her around angrily , but eventually forgives her and takes her out to see a movie . However , Mrs. Beetle soon learns of her husband 's infidelities as the movie they watch is the jealous grasshopper 's footage of Mr. Beetle and the dragonfly together . Mrs. Beetle thrashes Mr. Beetle with her umbrella , Mr. Beetle jumps through the screen , and they both end up in jail after the projector they wreck catches on fire . The insects are placed in humanized settings such as a house or a nightclub , and are given human characteristics of jealousy , anger , lust , and revenge . The insect characters carry briefcases , drive motorcars , and even wear shoes yet they also twitch their antennae and open and close their mandibles as real insects would . The novelty of the story does n't wear itself out , even after multiple viewings , but as fluid as the movements are , the film moves slowly . Action happens with intricate detail , but rapidity and a quicker pace of filming is lost in the process . Despite its pace , the film is an excellent example of Starewicz 's early puppetry and is highly recommended .
1 The Cameraman 's Revenge is an unusual short not because of the subject matter ( adultery ) or because it 's animated ( Winsor McCay had introduced Little Nemo on film by this time ) but because it depicts bugs to tell the story ! Ladislaw Starewicz had originally wanted to film actual bugs fighting but could n't get them to do it on camera because of the hot lights they suffered through so he took dead ones and started using stop - motion techniques to manipulate movements to his satisfaction . This short does a good job of putting human characteristics on little creatures such as riding motorcycles , painting , filming , kissing , and dancing . Starewicz would also make Frogland ( 1922 ) and The Mascot ( 1933 ) but his first notable work would be this one . If you 're interested in this and the other shorts mentioned , check your local library to borrow the DVD The Cameraman't Revenge and Other Fantastic Tales from Image Entertainment .
1 An absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle marriage , Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz 's " Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora " ( " The Cameraman 's Revenge " , or " The Revenge of a Kinematograph Cameraman " ) is a delight of early animation , brimming with highly - effective stop - motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination.<br /><br />Mr . and Mrs. Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage , and both yearn for more excitement in their lives . Mr. Beetle 's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the " Gay Dragonfly " night club , whom he visits whenever he takes a " business trip " to the city . She is the only one who understands him . A fellow admirer of this dancer , an aggressive grasshopper , is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and , as fate would have it , he is also a movie cameraman . The devious grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance to a hotel room , where he films their exploits through the keyhole.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Mrs. Beetle has , likewise , acquired a friend to add excitement to her life . He is an artist , and he brings her a painting for a present , before they both settle down on the couch for some intimacy . At that moment , however , Mr. Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle . As Mr. Beetle bashes through the front door , the artist friend clambers up the chimney , but he does n't escape without Mr. Beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.<br /><br />There is a certain irony in the statement that follows : " Mr. Beetle is generous . He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie . " He is generous enough to forgive her , and yet he had been equally unfaithful just minutes earlier . At this point in time , however , we still have n't forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had been plotting his revenge , and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the film Mr. and Mrs. Beetle are attending . Suddenly intercut into the film they are enjoying is the footage of Mr. Beetle 's disloyalty , and the angry wife hits him across the head with an umbrella , before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theatre screen in search of the grasshopper.<br /><br />In the final scene , both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle , now somewhat more appreciative of each other , are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge . We do , indeed , hope that " the home life of the Beetles will be less exciting in the future … " This film may appear to be a mere story of the comings - and - goings of a miniscule insect species , but Starewicz is communicating so much more than that . This is n't a story about beetles – it is a story about us . And it 's startlingly accurate , is n't it ? !
1 This short is a puzzlement . Words fail me here , as this is almost indescribable , Technically exceptional after more than 90 years ( the visuals are remarkable and even occasionally amazing ) , this is not something you watch if you like things that are mundane or " normal'-because it most certainly is not either . This be an odd one , gang . Well worth checking out , but if things like Ren and Stimpy make your head hurt , you may want to skip this . Recommended .
1 This is one of the best animated movies I 've ever seen in my life . This is n't just a fun movie , or a well - made movie . This is a landmark in the art of animation and even if it were n't , just the technical skill that went into making it , would grant it a place in the history of animation.<br /><br />Wladyslaw Starewicz created a stop - motion movie about the secret life of beetles . He imagined a coherent world of insects , with jobs , houses , nightclubs , movie houses , even little props like posters and bicycles and paintings.<br /><br />In this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge . Mr. Beetle has an affair with a dancing dragonfly , much to the chagrin of a grasshopper ; but he 's a cameraman and decides to shoot the fling . Mr. Beetle returns home and finds Mrs. Beetle having her own affair . Mr. Beetle chases the lover away but forgives his wife . The two make up and go out to the movies . And the movie they watch is Mr. Beetle and the Dragonfly . Described thus it sounds banal , but once seen it becomes a gripping work of cinema . Along with Emile Cohl and Jiri Trnka , Wladyslaw Starewicz pretty much invented everything that future animators would use in their work . For that reason he must not remain forgotten .
1 Believe it or not , at 12 minutes , this film ( for 1912 ) is a full - length film . Very , very few films were longer than that back then , but that is definitely NOT what sets this odd little film apart from the rest ! No , what 's different is that all the actors ( with the exception of one frog ) are bugs ... yes , bugs ! This simple little domestic comedy could have looked much like productions starring the likes of Chaplin , Laurel and Hardy or Max Linder but instead this Russian production uses bugs ( or , I think , models that looked just like bugs ) . Chaplin and Laurel and Hardy were yet to be discovered and I assume Linder was busy , so perhaps that 's why they used bugs ! Using stop - motion , the bugs moved and danced and fought amazingly well -- and a heck of a lot more realistically than King Kong 21 years later ! < br /><br />The film starts with Mr. Beetle sneaking off for a good time . He goes to a bawdy club while his wife supposedly waits at home . But , unfortunately for Mr. Beetle , he is caught on camera by a local film buff . Plus , he does n't know it but Mrs. Beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter . Of course , there 's a lot more to this domestic comedy than this , but the plot is age - old and very entertaining for adults and kids alike.<br /><br />Weird but also very amazing and watchable .
1 I 'm usually not too into a specific show ( save for The O.C. & Desperate Housewives ... hey , I am 20 ! ) , but , no kidding , after one episode of Reunion I was hooked.<br /><br />I ca n't even say how bummed I was that it 's time - slot conflicted with Bush 's speech last night because I was really looking forward to the 1987 episode , which will now air next Thursday . Again , that conflict was disadvantageous because , being a new show , it needs to build up a following and having the second episode pushed back a week kills some momentum.<br /><br />That said , TV does n't always have to be Emmy worthy to be enjoyable . I do n't expect Reunion to take home any prizes , but I do expect it will be able to capture my attention all season . Ever watch the first few episodes of a beloved show years later ? Sometimes you wonder how you ever got hooked . Character building takes some time.<br /><br />The one episode for each year idea is wonderful , in my opinion . The only other show I can recall doing something similar is 24 , with each episode being an hour ... and having an eventful year is more realistic than a day that eventful ! Please give this show a shot . Relax about art form ... it 's just TV !
1 So , Fox pulled the plug midway through a drama / mystery ... <br /><br />How lame is that ? Do they expect us to invest our time in their new shows when there is a realistic risk of never finding out what happens ? Why were n't the remaining , already filmed episodes aired in the US ? They were broadcast elsewhere.<br /><br />Hey , Fox ! Are you listening ? This was a great show , but you left us hanging . If you 're going to introduce new drama / mysteries , at least air a conclusion before abruptly ending mid - theme . Every time something like this happens ( and it seems to happen a lot with you - i.e. , Fox ) , there are more of those who will " wait and see " before investing their time . This means you will see an artificially low interest share , and are more likely to end the series . See ? It is a vicious cycle . Do n't let us down again ...
1 I really love this show , it 's like reading a book and each chapter leaves you wanting more . It gets you thinking about what is going to happen in the next episode , and the struggle of trying to maintain their friendship throughout the years . After each episode ends it leaves a sweet bitter taste in your mouth knowing that : One - The show was good , you ca n't wait for the next episode and it really gets you thinking about what actually happens to the friends throughout the twenty years . And two - the fact that the show has been put " on hiatus " and we will not see the show finish in it 's entirety . Fox obviously do not know what they have done , they claim that they are losing viewers in the 18 - 49 category they clearly do not know what people want to see if they got rid of a good show such as " Reunion " . I have one query though that I would like to raise . If they were to bring the show back and it went on for another season how would it work since each episode is done in the period of a year and the story is based on what happens in the span of twenty years ? Your answers are most welcome . Bring back Reunion ! Bring back Reunion !
1 I ca n't believe that they took this off the air . Especially , when they only had a few more episodes left . My daughter , sister and a few of my friends loved watching this show . We were so upset when they stopped showing this because of so called ratings . It is not fair to the people who were watching this show since the beginning . We had a right to see the end . I wish they would take an overall vote from all people with a 3 times a year voting system . They could send out papers in the mail and we as viewers could give an overall vote on all programs that we watch or have heard about . This could also help promote a new show . People would see it and wonder what it is . Not only could you see what the viewers are watching , you could also use this as a tool for free advertisement for TV and cable channels . We want to see the other episodes . Bring it back ! !
1 so halfway through the season , i got so caught up in school and my activities that i did n't realize that the show had been canceled halfway through , which is crap.<br /><br />i think the followers of this show should write fox and ask them to at least finish filming so that a the season can be released on DVD later . maybe then they 'll see how many people were disappointed that the show did n't survive its first season.<br /><br />i loved the show and looked forward to it every thursday after the OC . can you imagine my disappointment when i came back to try and watch the show only to discover that it had disappeared ? needless to say , i 'm not very happy with fox right now . even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED . i mean , if you 're going to work on a project , at least finish it to see what happens . a half filmed show is like a half made car , it 's pretty much useless . fox , film the damn ending and give some of the show 's fans some peace .
1 this is indeed a treat for every Bolan fan , some might think that it 's a little over the top , and that it is only about Ringo and Marc 's egos , but i think it 's similar to any other concert video , except for the fact that this is Marc bolan , not just any guy ! i especially liked the music video for children of the revolution , with Elton John and Ringo Starr . this clip alone is worth all the money , i ca n't believe they did'not release this version as the single . The movie is really superb , especially for us danes . Now , I was n't alive during the 70 's . but danes in general was totally shot out from what was happening around them . the media did n't play or show any of the popular music back then , including Marc Bolan and T.Rex , they only played a little with The Doors , only the really popular songs though . so , i know from my dad , that seeing this , gives him back a part of his youth , he never got to experience.<br /><br />i wo nt make this too long , so ... If you 're the least bit fan of Marc Bolan , you need to see this . you might find it boring or as said before , a little over the top . But at least you 've seen one of the best musicians ever , in action!<br /><br />Only thing that disappoints me a little , is that Ride A White Swan is n't on the tape . but i forgive it , since Jeepster and Get It On are so wonderfully played .
1 BORN TO BOOGIE is a real ' find'--though a rock fan for nearly thirty years , I only first saw the film a few days ago , and rank it among the top rock films of all time ; the music 's terrific ( the cream of T. Rex ) and the visuals consistently exciting and unusual , leaving this viewer craving any more past directorial efforts of Ringo Starr , who did a fine job here . If you love the music , you 'll be in T. Rextasy throughout , as Marc Bolan really is the star of the piece , front and center . Even the fact that some songs are repeated does n't matter a bit : different venues , costuming , musical arrangements , and bizarre visual concepts are all used to lend different textures and a great deal of upbeat humor to what could have ended up as ' only ' a concert film in other hands . As rich and full packed as BORN TO BOOGIE is , the film 's only about an hour long , but what is there is totally satisfying . Therein lies my only criticism -- the video package states something like 71 minutes , and at least one online source claims the film to be 67 minutes , but apparently it 's more like 61 minutes of rocking fun .
1 Panned by critics at the time but loved by the fans , this film has now become a classic . Mixing supposedly ' surreal ' footage shot at John Lennon 's home among other places with live footage of Marc Bolan & T.Rex at their very best , this film is not just a must for everyone who 's liked Marc Bolan but gives a fascinating insight into the era.<br /><br />These were the times when Marc was hobnobbing with the likes of Ringo Starr of the Beatles [ who directed it ] and you can even find a brief spot from one Reg Dwight [ Elton John to you ] bashing the ivories in an amazing [ and never officially released ] version of Tutti Frutti and rocking and ballad versions of Children Of The Revolution.<br /><br />There 's also wonderful scenes featuring Chelita Secunda [ said to have ' created glam rock ' with her use of glitter etc ] , Mickey Finn and even the actor from Catweazle!!<br /><br />The best scene for me is in the garden when Marc leaves the dining table , sits down cross - legged in front of a string section and knocks out acoustic versions of classics such as Get It On and The Slider.<br /><br />Highly , highly recommended ! ! FIVE stars [ out of five].<br /><br />Rory
1 If you 're a T - Rex / Marc Bolan fan , I recommend you check this out . It shows a whimsical side of Marc Bolan as well as Ringo Starr , apparently having a pretty good time shooting some of the scenes that are n't part of the concert , but fun to watch , leaving you with a sense of getting to know them as just people , and when the concert is shown a talented musician , both playful and professional that rocks and seems to impress the screaming girls . Watching him in concert , you would never know that being a rock star is a job , but just having a great time playing some great songs with some good friends , like Elton John and Ringo Starr appearing in some of the live performances . True , there are a few songs missing that I would like to have seen on there , but like any album it ca n't have everything . I just bought this in 2006 , but if I would have know it came out in 1972 , I would have definitely bought it years ago . Sad and strange that a man with so many songs about his love for cars , would never learn to drive and would die in a car crash !
1 After repeated listenings to the CD soundtrack , I knew I wanted this film , got it for Christmas and I was amazed . Marc Bolan had such charisma , i ca n't describe it . I 'd heard about him in that way , but did n't understand what people were talking about until I was in the company of this footage . He was incredible . Clips from the Wembley concert are interspersed with surrealistic sketches such as nuns gorging themselves at a garden party as Marc Bolan performs some acoustic versions of Get It On , etc . ( I 'm still learning the song titles ) . George Claydon , the diminutive photographer from Magical Mystery Tour , plays a chauffeur who jumps out of a car and eats one of the side mirrors . Nothing I can say to describe it would spoil it , even though I put the spoilers disclaimer on this review , so you would just need to see this for yourselves . It evades description . < br /><br />Yes , I love the Beatles and was curious about Ringo directing a rock documentary - that was 35 years ago - now , I finally find out it 's been on DVD for 2 years , but it 's finally in my home . It 's an amazing viewing experience - even enthralling . < br /><br />Now the DVD comes with hidden extras and the following is a copy and paste from another user : < br /><br />There 's two hidden extras on the Born To boogie double DVD release . < br /><br />1.From the menu on disc one , select the bonus material and goto the extra scenes 2.On the extra scenes page goto Scene 42 take 1 and keep pressing left 3.when the cursor disappears keep pressing right until a " Star+1972 " logo appears 4.Press Enter < br /><br />5.From the main menu on disc two , select the sound options 6.On the sound options page goto the 90/25 ( I think that s right ) option and keep pressing left 7.When the cursor disappears keep pressing right until a " Star+Home video " logo appears 8.Press Enter
1 Canto 1 : How Kriemhild Mourned Over Siegfried and How King Attila Woos her Through his Ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn : Kriemhild ( Margarete Schön ) insists on having the head of the killer of her beloved husband , Hagen Tronje ( Hans Adalbert Schlettow ) , but her brother , King Gunther ( Theodor Loos ) , refuses her request . When King Attila of the Huns woos Kriemhild through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar , she makes him promise through oath in the name of his king that no man would ever offend her . Hagen Tronje hides the Nibelungen treasure in the bottom of a lake.<br /><br />Canto 2 : How Kriemhild Takes Leave from her Homeland and How She Was Received by King Attila : Kriemhild brings some earth from where Siegfried died , and travels to the court of the Huns , where she is welcomed by Attila himself , who also promises through oath to defend her.<br /><br />Canto 3 : How King Attila Besieged Rome and How Kriemhild Summoned her Brothers : When Kriemhild delivers a baby boy , Attila returns to his realm and asks Kriemhild what she would like most to please her . She asks him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom.<br /><br />Canto 4 : How Kriemhild Receives her Brothers : Kriemhild insists on having the head of Hagen Tronje , but her brothers keep loyalty to their friend and again do not accept her request.<br /><br />Canto 5 : How the Huns Celebrated the Summer Solstice With the Nibelungen : Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje , but he refuses since in accordance with the laws of the desert , a guest is considered sacred . Kriemhild offers gold to the Hums for the head of Hagen Tronje . There is a fight , and Hagen Tronje kills Attila 's son.<br /><br />Canto 6 : The Nibelungen 's Distress : The Huns lose the battle against the Nibelungen , but keep them under siege inside Attila 's castle . Kriemhild promises to spare their lives provided they deliver Hagen Tronje , but her brother Gunther tells that German people are loyal with their friends.<br /><br />Canto 7 : The Nibelungen 's End : After the death of Rüdiger von Bechlarn , Giselher and Gernot , Hagen Tronje and Guhther are finally captured . Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje , ending her revenge with the destruction of the Nibelungen.<br /><br />The conclusion of the poetic saga of Siegfried through " Kriemhild 's Revenge " is also told through seven dramatic cantos . The nature of the first part is a magnificent tale of fantasy , adventure , romance and betrayal ; the second part is a dramatic story of hate , revenge and loyalty . The solid screenplay with a perfect development of the characters , the excellent performances of the cast and the awesome direction of Fritz Lang produced another epic ahead of time . Margarete Schön is impressive with a total different woman , obsessed and inflexible in her revenge wish . The costumes that Kriemhild wears are also very impressive , and her acting is based on her face and look . I was a little disappointed with the reaction of Attila after the death of his only son , since I found it too passive . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Os Nibelungos – Parte II : A Vingança de Kriemshild " ( " The Nibelungen Part II : Kriemhild 's Revenge " )
1 I saw this film last night at a special movie theater showing in Nürnberg , and it was superb . I do have to admit that the original music composition of the cello player and percussion / xylophone player influenced the mood of the film , but the film itself also had force in its portrayal of the tragic Nibelungen saga.<br /><br />If you are interested in silent films or in the Nibelungenlied , I highly recommend this film . The costumes were fantastic and creative , the sets were opulent and exotic , and the acting was dramatic and breathtaking ( as is typical of silent film " tragedies " ) Unfortunately , I have not seen the first part of this film duo that concerns Siegfried . The story of this second film begins after Siegfried 's death , when Kremhild ( Gudrun in the Norse versions of the story ) begins to plan her revenge against her brothers.<br /><br />Also , I watched this film in German ; I am a native English speaker and have a basic German knowledge . It was difficult to read the ? subtitles ( what do you call that in silent films ? ) at first because of the old style German script , so I advise that if you watch it in German that you make sure you can differentiate your " k 's " , " f 's " , and " s 's " in the old script . :)
1 Please see also my comment on Die Nibelungen part 1 : Siegfried.<br /><br />The second part of UFA studio 's gargantuan production of the Nibelungen saga continues in the stylised , symphonic and emotionally detached manner of its predecessor . However , whereas part one was a passionless portrayal of individual acts of heroism , part two is a chaotic depiction of bloodletting on a grand scale.<br /><br />As in part one , director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm , with the pace of the action and the complexity of the shot composition rising and falling smoothly as the tone of each scene demands . These pictures should only be watched with the note - perfect Gottfried Huppertz score , which fortunately is on the Kino DVD . Now , with this focus on mass action , Lang is presented with greater challenges in staging . The action sequences in his earliest features were often badly constructed , but now he simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow , with the level of activity on the screen swelling up like an orchestra.<br /><br />But just as part one made us witness Siegfried 's adventures matter - of - factly and without excitement , part two presents warfare as devastating tragedy . In both pictures , there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters . That 's why Lang mostly keeps the camera outside of the action , never allowing us to feel as if we are there ( and this is significant because involving the audience is normally a distinction of Lang 's work ) . That 's also why the performances are unnaturally theatrical , with the actors lurching around like constipated sleepwalkers.<br /><br />Nevertheless , Kriemhild 's revenge does constantly deal with emotions , and is in fact profoundly humanist . The one moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds his baby son for the first time , and Lang actually emphasises the tenderness of this scene by building up to it with the wild , frantic ride of the huns . The point is that Lang never manipulates us into taking sides , and in that respect this version has more in common with the original saga than the Wagner opera . The climactic slaughter is the very antithesis of a rousing battle scene . Why then did Hitler and co. get so teary - eyed over it , a fact which has unfairly tarnished the reputation of these films ? Because the unwavering racial ideology of the Nazis made them automatically view the Nibelungs as the good guys , even if they do kill babies and betray their own kin . For Hitler , their downfall would always be a nationalist tragedy , not a human one.<br /><br />But for us non - nazi viewers , what makes this picture enjoyable is its beautiful sense of pageantry and musical rhythm . When you see these fully - developed silent pictures of Lang 's , it makes you realise how much he was wasted in Hollywood . Rather than saddling him with low - budget potboilers , they should have put him to work on a few of those sword - and - sandal epics , pictures that do not have to be believable and do not have to move us emotionally , where it 's the poetic , operatic tonality that sweeps us along .
1 In some ways , The Wrath of Kriemhild surpasses Siegfried 's Death , but it also loses some of that film 's greatness . The plot of this one is more cohesive than the first , which is quite amazing . The second half of the actual poem is a lot sloppier and a lot harder to tread through , until , that is , you get to the climactic battle scenes ; only the Iliad 's are better . Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns . The poet - compiler of the Nibelungenlied did n't know a Hun from his right ball , and as a result they are , more or less , the same as the Burgundians in custom . For example , although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a heathen ( which is Kriemhild 's main concern as Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him ) , when she gets to Hunland , the first thing she does is go to mass . The Huns here are clearly heathens ; they 're almost like caveman . The depiction of them is hilarious , especially Verbal , the jester , who has two marvelous scenes . Etzel 's character has been given more weight . He is much more formidable . All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem . Lang and Harbou are masterful at building suspense , especially at the banquet scene , which is intercut with Verbal 's second performance to an amazing effect . However , as is the nature of this half of the poem , the film 's amazing technical accomplishments are missing in this one , for the most part , except for a dazzling sequence where Etzel 's hall burns down with the Nibelungs inside . The one thing I do have to object to is the way Harbou changes the ending . SPOILERS : in the poem , after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther , they are imprisoned . Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden the horde . He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother . When Hagen still refuses , she decapitates him . Hildebrand ( or possibly Dietrich ) is so disgusted that a woman would presume to murder a great warrior that he , in turn , decapitates her , calling her a " Devil Woman " . Etzel , who is much weaker in the poem than he is here , says something silly like : " Ah me ! " I can understand why they would want to keep a unity of time and place as Hildebrand brings them from the castle ; to retain the prison settings of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimactic . I also understand why they did n't have Hildebrand kill Kriemhild : his character is much reduced here ; his name is only mentioned once . But , to have Kriemhild kill herself , adopting Brynhild 's death from the Icelandic sources , is just catering to the audience instead of challenging them . The point of the poem is that Kriemhild 's wrath goes far beyond it should into the realm of pure evil . Here , we simply have her die for her lost love . It 's not as interesting .
1 I finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema . I 'd seen Fritz Lang 's film on video some years ago . I 'd been hoping that ideal screening conditions would work their magic.<br /><br />Conditions were ideal at Cinematheque Ontario . Pristine full - length print . Intertitles in the original Gothic - script German with simultaneous English translation , accurate without being too literal . Live piano accompaniment . Ideal.<br /><br />The film 's magic sputtered for a little while but ultimately failed to catch , at least for me.<br /><br />This film bears no real relation to Wagner 's Ring cycle as I already knew but some may not . Wagner had adapted the 13th c. Niebelungenlied to his own purposes . Part I of Fritz Lang 's epic -- " Siegfried " -- has much that will be familiar to listeners of Wagner however.<br /><br />"Kriemhild 's Revenge " is the story of Siegfried 's wife Kriemhild , her marriage to King Etzel ( Attila ) the Hun , and her desire for revenge against Hagen and Gunther , the rechristened Nibelungs , for the murder of Siegfried . The spectacular conflagration in this film presumably evolved and expanded in the Wagnerian mythos into his Götterdämmerung , his Twilight of the Gods , and the end of Valhalla . This film remains earthbound.<br /><br />Most of the film is spectacular . The massive sets rival those of " Cabiria " ( 1914 ) , which inspired Griffith 's " Intolerance " ( 1916 ) . Their decoration sets a new benchmark in barbaric splendour . There 's a huge cast of scarred , mangy Huns and Art Deco Burgundians . And battles . Battles that never seem to end in fact.<br /><br />Kriemhild is very successful in her plan of revenge . She manages to destroy all around her . Her loyalty to her martyred Siegfried seems not to stem so much from love , or devotion , but from something closer to psychosis . Lady Macbeth cried out , " Unsex me here . " She knew she was emotionally unprepared for what she needed to do . But Kriemhild displays no normal human emotions , and certainly nothing one equates with the feminine principle . She is already " top full of direst cruelty " , to borrow Shakespeare 's phrase , from the outset . Margarethe Schön and her director convey this with a glower . I do n't want to exaggerate , but that glower is virtually the only expression ever to " animate " Kriemhild 's face . It 's the ultimate in one - note performances . It 's clearly intentional however , not simply a case of poor acting.<br /><br />What we have then on offer is a one - dimensional sketch of an avenging Fury . Some might see Kriemhild as an empowered heroine . I just see the film as misogynistic .
1 Fritz Lang 's German medieval saga continues in Die Nibelungen : Kriemhilds Rache ( 1924).Kriemhild ( Margarete Schoen ) wants to avenge her murdered husband , Siegfried . Her brother is too weak to bring the murdered , Hagen , to justice . Kriemhild marries Etzel , the King of the Huns ( Rudolf Klein - Rogge).She gives birth to a child , and invites her brothers for a party . Etzel and the other Huns should kil Hagen , but he is protected by his brothers . We see a huge battle of life and death begins , and she sets the whole place on fire . Eventually Hagen is dead , and so is Kriemhild . These movies deal with great themes , such as revenge and undying love . Sure we have later seen some better movies made of those topics , but this was one of the early ones .
1 In " Die Nibelungen : Siegfried " , Siegfried was betrayed . Now , Kriemhild seeks revenge . She marries Hagen , and through a series of events , finally engages in a very drastic ( but fitting ) action at the end.<br /><br />One of the things about watching this movie nowadays is that we can look at certain portrayals . Attila the Hun ( called Etzel in the movie ) is shown as the strange person from the east , possibly an allusion to the Soviet Union . Obviously , it was not Fritz Lang 's fault that Hitler used " The Nibelungenlied " for German national pride in the Third Reich , but one can see what the Fuhrer liked about the story . Nonetheless , this is an absolutely formidable movie .
1 Great battle finale and nice sets help keep this often - slow movie enjoyable . At times it had me checking my watch , although there were enough memorable moments to make the film stand out in my mind days after watching it . The ending should surprise even those familiar with the Nibelungen story line .
1 I show this film to university students in speech and media law because its lessons are timeless : Why speaking out against injustice is important and can bring about the changes sought by the oppressed . Why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy . This is a must - see story of how apartheid was brought to the attention of the world through the activism of Steven Biko and the journalism of Donald Woods . It also gives an important lesson of free speech : " You can blow out a candle , but you ca n't blow out a fire . Once the flame begins to catch , the wind will blow it higher . " ( From Biko by Peter Gabriel , on Shaking the Tree ) .
1 This film is , quite simply , brilliant . The cinematography is good , the acting superb and the story absolutely breathtaking . This is the story of Donald Woods , a white South African who thought himself a liberal until he found out the reality of apartheid . Kevin Kline is completely convincing - so much so that when Donald Woods himself appeared on TV some years later , I recognised him from Kline 's portrayal . Denzel Washington also turns in a masterful performance , as ever.<br /><br />I urge you to watch this . It is long , but it is worth your patience because it tells such an incredible story . Remember , folks , this really happened .
1 Billed as the story of Steve Biko -- played excellently by Denzel Washington , as you 'd expect -- this was actually more the story of Donald Woods , played by Kevin Kline.<br /><br />This was undoubtedly the making of Kline as a serious actor , and he was surprisingly good in the role.<br /><br />Attenborough gave this the sort of direction you 'd expect , and the often spectacular scenes of the masses were those of the sort that only he can get across.<br /><br />The remainder of the cast was competent enough and did a good job , in what ends up as an ultimately sad tale of a South Africa that is still nowhere near the distant past .
1 CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those wanting an overview of apartheid 's cruelty in just a couple of hours . Famed director Richard Attenborough ( GANDHI ) is certainly no stranger to the genre , and the collaboration of the real - life Mr. and Mrs. Woods , the main white characters in their book and in this film , lends further authenticity to CRY FREEDOM . The video now in release actually runs a little over 2 and a half hours since 23 minutes of extra footage was inserted to make it a two part TV miniseries after the film 's initial theatrical release . While the added length serves to heighten the film 's forgivable flaws : uneven character development and blanket stereotyping in particular , another possible flaw ( the insistence on the white characters ' fate over that of the African ones ) may work out as a strength . Viewing CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film ( as I think it should , over its artistic merits ) , the story is one which black Africans know only too well , though the younger generation may now need to see it on film for full impact . It is the whites who have always been the film 's and the book 's target audience , hopefully driving them to change . Now twelve years after the movie 's production , CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch . Almost ten years after black majority rule has been at least theorically in place , 1987 's CRY FREEDOM 's ideals remain by and large unrealized . It therefore remains as imperative as ever for white South Africans , particularly the younger ones who have only heard of these actions to see it , and absorb the film 's messages . In total contrast to American slavery and the Jewish Holocaust 's exposure , South Africans ' struggles have been told by a mere two or three stories : CRY FREEDOM , CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY ( OK , Count it twice if you include the remake ) , and SARAFINA ( did I miss one ? ) . All three dramas also clumsily feature American and British actors in both the white and black roles . Not one South African actor has played a major role , white , coloured , Indian or Black ! ) . And yes I did miss another international South African drama , MANDELA and DEKLERK . Though this ( also highly recommended ) biopic was released after black majority rule was instituted , MANDELA was played by a Black American ( Sidney Poitier , who also starred in the original S.A .- themed CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY ) , while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was played by a ( bald ) very British Michael Caine , a good performance if you can dismiss that the very essence of Afrikanerdom is vehement anti - British feelings . Until local SABC TV and African films start dealing with their own legacy , CRY FREEDOM is about as authentic as you 'll get . As villified as the whites ( particularly the Afrikaners ) are portrayed in the film , any observant ( non - casual ) visitor to South Africa even now in 1999 , not to mention 1977 when CRY FREEDOM takes place , will generally find white 's attitudes towards blacks restrained , even understated . Looking at CRY FREEDOM in hindsight , it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all , and it is . But CRY FREEDOM at time shows not much has really changed in many people 's minds yet , and that the Black Africans ' goal to FREEDOM and reconciliation is still ongoing . This is why if you 're a novice to the situation , CRY FREEDOM , is your best introduction .
1 As anyone old enough knows , South Africa long suffered under the vile , racist oppression of apartheid , which completely subjugated the black population . One of the most famous anti - apartheid activists was Steve Biko , who was murdered in jail . Following the murder , reporter Donald Woods sought to get Biko 's message out to the world.<br /><br />In " Cry Freedom " , Woods ( Kevin Kline ) befriends Biko ( Denzel Washington ) before the latter is arrested on trumped up charges . When Woods attempts to spread Biko 's word , he and his family begin living under threat of attack , and they are finally forced to flee the country . The last scene gut - wrenchingly shows police firing on protesters.<br /><br />As one of two movies ( along with " A World Apart " ) that helped galvanize the anti - apartheid movement , " Cry Freedom " stands out as possibly the best ever work for all involved .
1 An overlong , but compelling retelling of the friendship between civil rights leader Steve Biko and Donald Woods . The first half of the film is the strongest where we see the bond formed between the two men , and how they help each other out , but the second half is n't as strong , due to the elimination of the Biko character . Still , its a compelling film with great performances by Kline and Washington , in the film that put the latter on the map . Washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time . Overall , a well made film that could have been trimmed down a bit . 7/10 . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
1 It 's sad to view this film now that we know how the ANC got shafted by international capitalism . Biko died for nothing much . Woods achieved little . Yes , outright apartheid was abolished , but all the apparatus of power was reserved by the minority whites , leaving the ANC government more or less impotent . As Naomi Klein writes in The Shock Doctrine , in the talks between the black and white leaderships " the deKlerk government had a twofold strategy . First drawing on the ascendant Washington Consensus that there was no only one way to run an economy , it portrayed key sectors of economic decision making --- such as trade policy and the central bank --- as " technical " or " adminsitrative " . Then it used a wide range of new policy tools --- international trade agreements , innovations in constitutional law and structural adjustment programs --- to hand control of those power centres to supposedly impartial experts , economists and officials from the IMF , the World Bank , the GATT and the National Party --- anyone except the liberation fighters from the ANC . " The statistical results are horrifying , with not much change accomplished , and AIDS flourishing . Viewing Cry Freedom in this light is deeply ironic --- actually tragic . The ANC has transformed itself from being the solution to being the primary problem .
1 Very rarely does Denzil Washington make a bad movie and come to think of it that goes for Kevin Kline and in this case , this must count as one of their best films . It is more about of film about how strong friendship can more than the story of Steve Biko although we do get an insight into what the man was like and how far the reporter and friend Donald Woods went to preserve the mans name and let the world know what a corrupt , putrid society South Africa was . The Direction is outstanding from David Attenborough as it was for Gandhi although if there is any critisism to be aimed it could be at the length of the film . Two and a half hours is a long time to sit through a historic movie .What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras . Thousands of people in both films . This film really does open your eyes to what happened before the break up of Aparthiet and you can not fail to moved by it . 8 out of 10 .
1 " The True Story Of The Friendship That Shook South Africa And Awakened The World . " < br /><br />Richard Attenborough , who directed " A Bridge Too Far " and " Gandhi " , wanted to bring the story of Steve Biko to life , and the journey and trouble that journalist Donald Woods went through in order to get his story told . The films uses Wood 's two books for it 's information and basis - " Biko " and " Asking for Trouble".<br /><br />The film takes place in the late 1970 's , in South Africa . South Africa is in the grip of the terrible apartheid , which keeps the blacks separated from the whites and classifies the whites as the superior race . The blacks are forced to live in shantytowns on the outskirts of the cities and towns , and they come under frequent harassment by the police and the army . We are shown a dawn raid on a shantytown , as bulldozers and armed police force their way through the camp beating and even killing the inhabitants . Then we are introduced to Donald Woods ( Kevin Kline ) , who is the editor of a popular newspaper . After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Biko ( Denzel Washington ) , Woods goes to meet with him . The two are wary of each other at first , but they soon become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black persons point of view to Woods . This encourages Woods to speak out against what 's happening around him , and makes him desperate to bring Steve Biko 's story out of the clutches of the white man 's South Africa and to the world . Soon , Steve Biko is arrested and is killed in prison . Now Woods and his family are daring to escape from South Africa to England , where Woods can publish his book about Steve Biko and the apartheid.<br /><br />When I first heard of " Cry Freedom " , I was under the impression that it was a movie completely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko . I had never actually heard of Steve Biko before I seen this film , as the events in this film were really before my time . But it 's more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border into Lesotho as he tried to elude the South African officials . Woods was put on a five year type house arrest after Steve Biko was killed . So in order to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko , he had to escape . Because the manuscript would be considered treason in South Africa and that could have resulted in Woods meeting a fate similar to that of Biko 's . The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants to this film.<br /><br />Denzel Washington is only in the film for the first hour , and I was disappointed with that as I was expecting to see him for the entire movie . But he was amazing as Steve Biko , and captured his personality from what I 've read really well and his accent sounded perfect . His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor . Kevin Kline delivers a excellent and thought - evoking performance as Donald Woods , and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy.<br /><br />Filming took place in Zimbabwe , as needless to say problems arose when they tried to film it in South Africa . While in South Africa , the South African gestapo followed the film crew everywhere , so they got the bad vibes and they pulled out and went to neighbouring Zimbabwe instead . Despite everything , and the fact that the apartheid did n't end ' til seven years later , " Cry Freedom " was n't banned in South Africa . But cinemas showing the movie received bomb threats.<br /><br />Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of the apartheid to the screen with extreme force and determination . He does n't hold back at the end of the movie when showing what was supposed to be a peaceful protest by students in a shantytown , turns into a massacre when police open fire on them . The film ends with the names of all the anti - apartheid movers who died in prison , and the explanations for their deaths . Many had " No Explanation " . Quite a few were " Epilepsy " , which is hard to believe , and many more either fell from the top of the stairs or were " Suicide from Hanging " . No one will ever know what really happened to them , but I think it 's fair to say that none of these men died at their own hands , but at the hands of others ; or to be more precise , at the hands of the police . < br /><br />"Cry Freedom " is a must - see movie for it 's portrayal and story of Steve Biko . It 's also a searing and devastating portrayal of a beautiful land divided and in the hellish grips of racial segregation and violence .
1 What a movie ! I never imagined Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in him . Gandhi has always left me indifferent , apart from Ben Kingsley 's performance , and I never considered Attenborough a particularly good filmmaker . But Cry Freedom held my interest like few movies have in recent times . It 's an exciting , mesmerizing political movie with great performances by Kevin Kline and a young Denzel Washington.<br /><br />Kline plays Donald Woods , a South Africa newspaper editor who befriends the civil rights activist Steve Biko . It starts as a difficult friendship , for Woods sees Biko as a black supremacist preaching hatred against whites . But Biko , with his kind words , upbeat attitude and complete transparency , wins over Woods and introduces him to a reality about Apartheid that Woods knew nothing about.<br /><br />Biko is a decent , law - abiding citizen who altruistically stands up against all prejudice and the system that keeps down his people . One night , coming from an illegal meeting , he 's arrested and beaten to death . The authorities try to hush up the matter because Biko has become a huge personality in South Africa . But through the efforts of Woods the truth comes out . But what should be a triumph only becomes a nightmare as Woods and his family become targets for the secret police.<br /><br />This movie has an interesting structure . It has in fact two narratives : first it narrates the life and death of Biko . It 's an amazing first half , completely dominated by the charisma of Washington in what may be his greatest performance yet.<br /><br />The second half , no less interesting , narrates Woods attempt to escape from South Africa to publish a book about Biko . Woods has become an enemy of state , a banned person , which means he ca n't meet people or leave his country . Plus he 's constantly spied by the police . Kevin Kline gives a great performance in this second half too.<br /><br />Although the first half is quite straightforward , the second does interesting things with editing , by giving flashbacks of Biko and of events that show the repression against the black South Africans . Some may argue this is to make it more interesting , but for me the second half just as captivating , as Woods and his family devise a bold plan to escape South Africa.<br /><br />The last minutes were so heartbreaking I was in tears . George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa 's score certainly had something to do with it . Although I 've never been much of a fan of Fenton ( can not stand his Gandhi score ) , I do think the score for Cry Freedom is one of the most beautiful ever composed for cinema . The movie , thanks to the music married to the powerful images , at times reached incredible peaks of emotion.<br /><br />Cry Freedom is definitely not a movie just to watch because of Denzel Washington . This is a movie to be cherished in its entirety . Acting , writing , music , editing , cinematography come together in a perfect synthesis to create an ode to the power of the human spirit . This movie deserve a place alongside movies like The Pianist , Life Is beautiful and The Shawshank Redemption .
1 I think the context of the story has been covered by other posters so I would just like to write about the impact this film had on me.<br /><br />I first saw this film the year of it 's release around 1987 . My school organised a trip to the cinema to see it , for an RE project I think . We all went along of course excited because we were on a school trip to the cinema ! Little did we know what we were about to experience . To this day I still remember the feelings it invoked in me and i remembered crying a lot as were most of my friends . I think at the age we were we found it shocking and quiet rightly outraged in our own youthful way .It had such an impact on me that I joined the Anti Apartheid Movement the same year.<br /><br />I think it served it 's purpose in my case .
1 What a brilliant film . I will admit it is very ambitious , with the subject matter . At a little over two and a half hours , it is a very long film too . But neither of these pointers are flaws in any way . Cry Freedom , despite the minor flaws it may have , is a powerful , moving and compelling film about the story of the black activist Steve Biko in his struggles to awaken South Africa to the horrors of the apartheid . It is true , that the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact . People have also complained that the film suffers from too much Woods not enough Biko . I may be wrong , but although it is Biko 's story , it is told in the perspective of Woods , so Woods is an important character in conveying Biko 's story to the world.<br /><br />Cry Freedom visually looks amazing . With the show - stopping cinematography and the stunning South African scenery it was a visual feast . The opening scenes especially were brilliantly shot . George Fenton 's music brought real dramatic weight to most scenes . It was subtle in scenes in the second half , but stirring and dramatic in the crowd scenes . The script was of exceptional quality , the courtroom scenes with Biko were enough to really make you think wow this is real quality stuff . The first half with Biko as the main focus constantly had something to feel emotional about , whether it was the police 's attack of the South African citizens or Biko 's death . The second half entirely about Donald Woods carries less of an emotional punch , but is compensated by how it is shot , performed and written . And there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful as well . < br /><br />The performances were exceptional from the entire cast , from the most minor character to the two leads , there was n't a single bad performance . Regardless of the accents that is , but it is forgiven so easily by how much the performances draw you in . Denzel Washington in one of his more understated performances , gives a truly compelling performance as Biko , and Kevin Kline shows that he can be as good at drama as he is at comedy , for he gave a suitably subtle performance to match that of Washington 's . And the two men 's chemistry is believable and never strikes a false note . Penelope Wilton is lovely as Donald 's wife Wendy , and she is a great actress anyway . Out the supporting performances , and there may be some bias , two stood out for me . One was Timothy West , who relishes his role as Captain DeWet . The other was the ever exceptional John Thaw in a brilliantly chilling cameo - role as Kruger . Lord Richard Attenborough 's direction is focused and constantly sensitive as usual.<br /><br />Overall , a truly wonderful film . Ambitious and long it is , but never ceases to be compelling , powerful and achingly moving . A definite winner from Lord Richard Attenborough , and worthy of a lot more praise . 10/10 Bethany Cox
1 Richard Attenborough is a director whose name is synonymous with the Academy Award winning ' Gandhi ' , back in ' 83 . I did n't know of any other work of his till i recently came across ' Cry Freedom ' , released back in 1987 . While it may not have been as popular as his Gandhi , it is every bit as gripping , if not more , and was released when South Africa still had not got rid of the shackles of apartheid . While most movies on social issues come out after the event had happened , i guess this one released during the time.<br /><br />The story is based on real life characters and events . The book on which the movie was based , was written by Donald Woods ( Kevin Kline ) , a journalist who used to work in South Africa until the end of the seventies . It traces the origins of Woods friendship with the charismatic black leader Steve Biko , who is wonderfully portrayed by Denzel Washington . I can not imagine a better choice for the role . Washington exudes a natural charm and screen presence , which Biko 's character required.<br /><br />While initially , Woods was against what he felt was black racism being spread by Biko , after meeting the man , he could not help being drawn into his struggles and ideas . The bond between them grows stronger , and Woods and his family realise and become more sensitive to the plight of the people Biko represents.<br /><br />However , finally , tragedy strikes , and Woods must now concentrate on escaping from South Africa , with his book , so that he can get it published and let the outside world know what is going on . The second half of the movie is a gripping tale of his escape from South Africa , along with his family , and will keep you on tenterhooks.<br /><br />There are some deliciously humorous dialogues too . The scene between Biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.<br /><br />Lawyer : Do you advocate violence ? Biko : I advocate a confrontation . Lawyer : Well , is n't that violence , Mr. Biko ? Biko : Not necessarily . You and I are having a confrontation now , but i do n't see any violence.<br /><br />However , there are moments that bring you back to the horrors that pervaded the country before better sense prevailed . The scene where the army opens fire on a protest by school children is gut wrenching and heartbreaking.<br /><br />This is definitely a must watch . I would suggest those not familiar with Attenborough 's work , do take time out for this . There are movies which make a lot of money . And there are movies which make lives . I would any day prefer the latter .
1 ' Cry Freedom ' is a movie about how far people will go to find the truth.<br /><br />The first half is an interesting portrayal of an unlikely friendship between activist Steve Biko and Editor Don Woods ( played fanatically by Dezel Washington and Kevin Klein ) . While the second half deals with Woods looking for answers on Biko 's death.<br /><br />Although most people favor the first half of the movie which focuses on the unlikely friendship between Biko and Woods ' . I found the second half about Don woods struggle to have Biko 's story be heard around the world much more interesting .
1 This is an absolutely incredible film . It shows South African racism from the perspective of the victims , and provokes a feeling of anti - racism in everyone who sees it . It is the best historic film I have ever seen .
1 It 's a shame that this piece of work was n't acknowledged as a piece of work . It has everything a historical film must have : a serious historical research , outstanding performances of every actor involved and a discrete but great direction.<br /><br />When I saw the movie I knew it should be a prototype for every biographical movie .
1 A long film about a very important character from South Africa , Stephen Biko . He is one of these Blacks who did not survive apartheid , who actually died a long time before their normal time . The already old film though does not show how important Biko was , what he really represented . His life and his teaching is reduced to little , at best a few witty remarks . The film being from 1987 , the objective was to push South Africa over the brink that would lead her to liberation . So the film aims at showing how irrational the South African supporters of apartheid are , in 1987 . To show this the film has to look beyond Biko 's death , hence to center its discourse not on Biko but on a white liberal journalist and his escaping the absurd system in which he is living . His escape is made necessary because of the victimization he is the victim of , along with his family , and because he wants to publish the first book on Biko , after his death , and that can only happen in England . The film shows a way to escape South Africa , while apartheid is still standing and killing . So do not expect this way to be realistic and true . It could not be . But the film has tremendously aged because it does not show South Africa with any historical distantiation , the very distantiation that has taken place under Nelson Mandela 's presidency and that is called forgiveness provided those who want to be forgiven speak up and out . The film is strong and emotional but that very historical limit makes it rather weak today , especially since the film does not mention the third racial community , the Indians . Panegyric books or films all have that defect : they are looking at the person they are supposed to portrait from only one point of view . That explains why the film has aged so much , seems to be coming from so long ago , as if nothing had changed at all . A remake is necessary.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU , University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne , University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines , CEGID
1 Steve Biko was a black activist who tried to resist the white minority governed South Africa in much the same way as Gandhi tried to resist the British empire 's colonialism in India . Richard Attenborough 's film Cry Freedom is not about Biko or Apartheid as much as it is about Donald Woods , the white liberal newspaper editor who risked his life trying to tell Biko 's story . The film has a jarring point of view switch after Biko dies in prison from tortuous behavior at the hands of South African " police " . Woods , played by Kevin Kline , must choose whether to do the right thing and flee the country to publish books about Biko or allow his wife , played by Penelope Wilton , to pressure him into forgetting about the books . In that case , Biko dies in vain . What begins as a life - changing friendship between Biko and Woods degenerates into a standard by the numbers escape over the border yarn after Biko 's death . Oscar - nominated Denzel Washington is good in only his fourth film as Biko , but something is wrong in a film that tries to depict the struggles of Apartheid by focusing more on the trials of a white family for more than half the film . Attenborough would have served his topic better by focusing on Biko 's rise to prominence instead of beginning where Biko befriended Woods . Perhaps a black actor in a leading role in a 2 1/2 hour film was n't exactly conducive to big box office , but the film was a tremendous box office flop anyway . Film politics aside , the film still entertains and sends a message or two , albeit , in PG - sanitized fashion . * * * of 4 stars .
1 What is " Cry Freedom " like ? It is simply great and unique experience about making of South Africa and how black people in that country were repressed by white people . Main character of the story is Donald Woods ( Kevin Kline ) , chief editor of the newspaper Daily Dispatch in South Africa . Woods writes several articles , where he speaks critically about views of Steve Biko ( Denzel Washington ) . Soon Woods meets Biko and he changes his views about him and he also begins to understand what authorities are doing to black people in South Africa ( right from the top , even from the chief of police ) . When Biko dies in police custody , Woods decides that he have to write book about him and that no matter what he has to publish it . But Woods must escape from his country to get that book published and he must also put his family on second place , so world can find out the truth.<br /><br />Attenborough managed to make a good movie about people , with main message that black and white are the same , cause we are all people . Story leads us to South Africa and this ( movie ) is great way for the whole world to learn what happened in that land and I 'm disappointed that only 3200 people rated this movie . This is movie from which we all can learn something . Although it is a bit long , this story could n't be presented in any shorter way because director wanted to show us how hard was for Woods to get that book published after death of Biko . < br /><br />Also relationship between Woods and Biko was shown great , just like families of those two people and all the problems they are going through . But sometimes sacrifices must be made ( Biko 's death ) so the truth could be reveled ( Woods book ) .
1 This film moved me beyond comprehension , it is and will remain my favourite film of all time , mainly because it has almost every emotion all rolled into its 157 minutes . What is the hardest part for me to take is that whenever i want to hear the amazing music and songs from the film , I have to put it into my DVD player , so I was wondering if anyone anywhere knows who sings the songs in the film and where they can be found , as I have looked everywhere I can think sporadically over the past 5 years . My favourite quote from the film is when in court the advocate says " But your own words ask for direct confrontation , is n't that a direct call for violence ? " Biko replies " Well you and I are in confrontation now , but I see no violence!!" < br /><br />CRAIG ROBERTSON Fife , Scotland
1 This is a film that everyone should watch . Quite apart from raising hugely important points ( while South Africa is on the road to recovery there are still many countries in similar situations now ) , it is superbly directed while Denzel Washington gives , in my opinion , the best performance in his career so far . Kline also gives a good performance , although perhaps not as stunning as Washington 's . John Thaw also puts in a good turn as the Chief of Police.<br /><br />There are so many possible areas where a film on apartheid could fall down , but all of these have been avoided . It would be easy to simply portray white people as the bad guys and black people as the good guys , but Attenborough has not done this . Sure , there were some white characters who seemed inherently evil , such as the Captain at the Soweto uprising , but to add extra dimensions to all the characters would make the film unbearably long . Some people complain about the length of the film as it is , but I think it needs the whole two and a half hours to tell the whole story , for it really is an incredible one.<br /><br />The best scene in the film is that of Steve Biko 's funeral . When the whole crowd begins to sing the South African national anthem , it is probably one of , if not the most moving scenes I have seen.<br /><br />If you have n't seen this film already : watch it . It may not be comfortable viewing , but it 's certainly worth it .
1 This amazing Oscar winner ( 4 in total ) and John Ford 's first Academy Award winner , is simply spellbinding with a pounding score by Max Steiner . Called an Art film , because Ford had very little money to make this great story about guilt and retribution , and greed and stupidity . But what makes this movie such a classic , is the direction and astounding photography and use of fog and lighting , that was so different from the usual American film , and more in the tradition of German expressionism . And the Oscar winning performance by Victor McLaglen as the drunken Gypo is simply unbelievable . Basically the movie takes place in Ireland , and Gypo turns in a friend in the rebel movement to the English to collect 20 pounds to give to his girlfriend . But having all that money , he starts blowing it on an all night drunk and giving it away , while the leaders of the movement are trying to track down the informer . The whole movie is one night in a dark and foggy Ireland , and a cast of characters that are memorable but all along , the whole world of Gypo is closing in on him , both psychologically . If I had to pick maybe three directors to have ALL their movies on a deserted island forever , and nobody elses , John Ford would certainly be one of them . What a truly remarkable movie ...
1 Yet again , early morning television proves an invaluable resource for films that I otherwise would never have been able to track down . At four o'clock in the morning , I stumbled out of bed to begin recording ' The Informer ( 1935 ) , ' my fourth film from prolific American director John Ford , and an excellent one at that . Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922 , the screenplay was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty . Though he was born in the United States , and is most renowned for his " Americana " pictures , both of Ford 's parents were Irish , which explains the director 's decision to direct the film . Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan , a brutish but well - meaning ruffian who informs on an old friend , Frankie McPhillip ( Wallace Ford ) , in order to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend , Katie ( Margot Grahame ) . When Frankie is killed during his attempted arrest , the Irish Republican Army , of which both Frankie and Gypo were members , begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident , every clue bringing them closer and closer to the real culprit.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Gypo is plagued with guilt for his friend 's untimely death , and descends into a bout of heavy - drinking that rivals Don Birnam in ' The Lost Weekend ( 1945 ) ' in its excessiveness . As Gypo drowns his sorrows in copious volumes of alcohol , trapped in a vicious little circle of depression , his extravagant spending captures the attention of the investigating IRA members . For the one time in his life , Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers ( including an amusing J.M. Kerrigan ) , who enthusiastically clap him on the back and christen him " King Gypo " for his physical might . However , it 's obvious that these people feel no affection for the man , and are simple showing him attention to exploit him for money . The additional £ 20 brought by Frankie 's death could never buy Gypo an assembly of friends – indeed , in a bitter twist of irony , the money was only made possible by the betrayal and loss of one of his only good companions . A relatively simple fellow , Gypo could not possibly have fully considered the consequences of his actions , and is eventually offered forgiveness on account of his " not knowing what he was doing , " but his foolishness must not go unpunished.<br /><br />Criticism is occasionally levelled at Ford 's film for its allegedly propagandistic support of a " terrorist " organisation . Though this stance obviously depends on one 's personal views { I certainly do n't know enough Irish history to pass judgement } , there 's no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican Army as selfless , dedicated and impartial , a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I ever saw it . However , the main theme of the story is that of betrayal ; driven by intense poverty , one ordinary man betrays the confidence of his good friend , and comes to deeply regret his actions . The tormented Gypo is played mainly for pity , and Victor McLaglen gives a powerful performance that betrays a lifetime of unsatisfying existence , culminating in one terrible decision that condemns him to an uneasy death . ' The Informer ' was John Ford 's first major Oscar success , winning a total of four awards ( from six nominations ) , including Best Actor for McLaglen { who snatched the statue from the three - way favourites of ' Mutiny on the Bounty ( 1935 ) ' } , Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols { who declined the award due to Union disagreements}.
1 Victor McLaglen 's performance is one of the finest in film history.<br /><br />I think we can all feel for " Gypo " because we 've all struggled with what is right and what is n't and been wrong . This was one of the first art - house pictures to be released by a major American movie studio ( RKO Radio Pictures).<br /><br />Joseph H. August 's cinematography is at its very best here . However , August 's stunning portion was mostly overlooked ; he did n't receive the Oscar nomination he rightly deserved.<br /><br />This is a psychological drama , with thought , philosophy , sadness , all conveyed with as little words as possible .
1 * * * * SPOILERS * * * * Powerhouse movie that shows how men in desperate situations can go so far as sacrifice their best friends and family members and not realize what monsters that they are by doing it . Until like in the case of bull - like Gypo Noland , Victor Mclaglen , it 's too much too late.<br /><br />It 's 1922 and the hight of the Black & Tan Irish revolt against the mighty British Empire with the Tans , British occupying troops , on the lookout for wanted Irish Republican rebel Frankie McPhillip , Wallace Ford , wanted for the killing of a Briish soldier . Gypo a good , really the best , friend of the fugitive McPhillip is down on his luck not having a job with his girlfriend Katie , Margot Grahame , forced to turn tricks in the Dublin red - light district in order to pay her rent.<br /><br />After an outraged Gypo worked over a potential John who want 's to spend a few hours with Katie , for a shilling or two , an angry Katie tells the not so bright Gyro that he 's preventing her for supporting herself with the only bankable asset she has , her body . Katie also tells Gypo that he should wake up to reality and realize what a desperate situation that she 's in . Telling the mind - numbed Gypo that it would only cost ten pound sterling for her to go to America , and get out of the poverty of Ireland , Gypo suddenly remembers a poster of his good friend Frankie McPhillip that he just saw announcing a reward of 20 pound sterling . That s enough money for both him and Kaite to travel to America.<br /><br />Gypo going to a local Dublin flop house and soup kitchen to get a free meal is startled to run into his friend Frankie McPhillip . Frankie tells him that he snuck into Dublin to see both his mother Mrs. McPhillip and sister Mary , Una O'Connor & Heather Angel , and if he can make sure that everything is safe for him to go home and later leave for his Irish Republican unit outside the city.<br /><br />All Gypo can see in Frankie 's face is the 20 pound sterling reward for him being turned into the police ! Without as much of a second thought , after he assured Frankie that everything is all right , Gypo secretly goes to the police and informs on his friend who 's later shot and killed in a police and Tan shootout in his moms house.<br /><br />With the deed done the chief of police hands over the 20 pound sterling , much like thirty pieces of silver , to an almost emotionless Gypo who takes it and sneaks out the back door of the police station so that one one can see him . You can see in the police chief 's face and actions that he has nothing but utter contempt for Gypo 's betrayal of his friend Frankie McPhillip . Even though he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the British Empire . That 's how low traitors or informers are held even by those whom they secretly work for.<br /><br />Gypo turns out to be his own worst enemy after his betrayal of Frankie as his conscience takes control of his mind . Gypo sees and hears everyone , including his unsuspecting girlfriend Katie , pointing a finger and implicating him in Frankie 's betrayal and death at the hands of the British authorities . Gypo 's guilty mind has him getting himself royally and gloriously drunk , on the reward money , that by the time he 's forced to to admit his crime to his Irish Republican Army colleagues , who had the almost dead drunk and slobbering Gypo on trial , the money was just about gone in his partying drinking and whoring.<br /><br />Whatever good feelings , if that 's possible , that you had for the weak minded and strong shouldered Gypo was completely demolished when in an act of total desperation , in order to keep from getting shot , he falsely implicate an innocent man Mulligan , Donald Meek , in his crime of informing on his friend Frankie McPhillip . Which is quickly exposed as a total fabrication by non other then the guilt - ridden Gypo himself . The dye is then cast as straws are drawn for who would be the one to put a bullet in Gypo 's head for the final gut spilling chapter of this heart wrenching and unforgettable Crime & Punishment classic .
1 I just saw this film on Turner Classic Movies last night and was blown away by Victor McLaglen 's performance : In every sense of the word a " tour de force " . The atmosphere of 1922 Dublin evoked through the cinematography and production design really foreshadowed techniques used in the best film noirs of the 40 's and early 50's . Very nice attention to detail also;during Frankie McPhillip 's ( Wallace Ford 's ) wake , the mourners are all praying in Gaelic . Max Steiner 's score is unforgettable . As in later films such as 1939 's GWTW , he appropriated folk ballads to lend local color and a sense of place and time . John Ford : already a film giant in 1935 !
1 Like many people here , I started out finding my patience being tried by this film . By the end , I actually shed a few tears.<br /><br />It seems to be in the nature of most old films to drag for 7/8th length and then catch fire right at the end . Older film - goers learned to bide their time patiently through the slow parts , calm in the knowledge that the big payoff is on the way . But that is n't quite accurate . You see , to earlier audiences , what are to us the " slow parts " were the main body of the story . They watched and found anecdotal and thematic interest there . Modern audiences , post - Spielberg , are in a constant state of waiting to be hit with a small climax every two minutes when they see older films . It 's the inflation problem of modern movies . Well , that is n't going to happen . It is not necessary to apologize for these films ; it is simply that you have to adjust your expectations and personal rhythm when you watch them . At this point , the difference between Avatar and The Informer is like the difference between Euripides and a traveling production of Rent . Think about it for a minute or two . Not to strain at the obvious , but Euripides still deserves a hearing.<br /><br />The " exciting part " , for most modern viewers , begins with the IRA tribunal scene and escalates to the final couple of minutes , which , if you are at all on board or even paying attention by that time , will tear your heart out . It 's not some high - tone universal abstract plea for forgiveness ; it 's a plea from one dimwit , and those who feel sorry for the big lummox , for a little mercy . It 's that personal , and that embarrassingly naked an appeal . For after being mad at Gypo , irritated at him , thinking this is the dumbest character of all time , you finally find yourself won over by the scene of Gypo 's erstwhile girlfriend pleading to another woman to talk her man into going easy him . < br /><br />The film may be sentimental , but the sentimentality is not cheap as some here have charged . There 's a matter of life and death that plays out here , and as long as you take the proposition of one life to a customer seriously , it 's sentimentality wrung out of the most serious stuff.<br /><br />8 of 10 . And the fault for it not being 10 of 10 is my own and in some measure yours , if you are reading this . We have all asked for more , ever more , faster , ever faster until we can not put ourselves in 1935 -- just yesterday , really -- as easily as we should be able .
1 In the mid-1930s Hollywood was regaining its confidence after the difficulties of the talkie transition . Although all the technical problems of sound had been solved very quickly , it took longer to resolve the questions of how talking pictures should look , how they should be structured and how they should be acted . The Informer is a key picture in that it shows the extent to which wordless moments can convey story , asserting the power images without ignoring the necessities of sound and dialogue.<br /><br />This is not to say the Informer is truly a throwback to the golden days of the silents . For one thing , many silent pictures were not so purely visual in their narrative , and were overburdened with title cards . But what the Informer has is the self - assuredness to extend moments between dialogues , to focus on reactions more than speeches , and to let shots play out simply for atmosphere.<br /><br />Director John Ford , for all his capability , was a filmmaker who appears to have put in effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material . If he thought a story was silly , he just did it half - arsed . Luckily the Informer , with its depiction of community , honour , working class life and most importantly Irish setting , was everything Ford loved , and the result is one of his finest works . In it , Ford only really employs too kinds of shot . The first is of places – the Dublin streets shrouded in mist and darkness so their furthest depths can not be seen ; dingy interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to press in on us . The second is of faces , striking close - ups against plain backgrounds , usually without dialogue , focusing us upon the inner conflicts of these people.<br /><br />Lead man Victor McLaglen fits perfectly within this character and this manner of filming him . McLaglen 's performance does not look like much , being as it is about 90 % drunk act . But the other 10 % is heartfelt emoting , as here and there his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics refer to as a moment of clarity . With such performances are Oscars won . McLaglen is backed by a spot - on supporting cast , among whom there are no weak links . In particular it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor , usually only seen in comic relief roles , playing straight dramatic parts for once ( although Meek 's appearance does contain one or two jokes , the tone of the scene and much of his manner is serious ) . Not only do these two deliver incredibly deep performances , their familiarity to most viewers as comedy players gives an added note of poignancy to their part in this tragedy.<br /><br />RKO , who produced the Informer , were perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks of all the major studios . Thanks to this , we are able to see a dismal story with a despicable anti - hero at its centre , which could easily have been a clunky , over - earnest mess , instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character which keeps us watching and draws us into its world .
1 This picture in 1935 walked away with all kinds of Ocars for Best Director , John Ford , Actor Victor McLaglen and music by Max Seiner . Victor McLaglen,(Gypo Nolan ) , " Call Out the Marines",'42 , gave an outstanding performance as an Irish rebel who belonged to a rough and tough crowd who were all fighting for a cause and at the same time getting poorer and poorer with plenty of drinking . Gypo Nolan made a bad mistake when he decided to become an informer for his best friend in order to take a trip with his gal to America and a new way of living . Preston Foster , ( Don Gallagher),"Guadalcanal Diary",'43 , gave a great supporting role as the leader of the Irish rebellion and was anxious to capture the informer of his group . Gypo Nolan becomes haunted by his betrayal of his friend and begins to feel just like a Judas . Great film for 1935 and wonderful acting by McLaglen , but rather depressing in every aspect of the film .
1 Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film . That 's no problem here . The sets are cheesy , inside and out . The fog is ubiquitous , half disguising the shabbiness of the production . If there 's a bar , the name painted on the front window says simply , " Wine And Spirits . " The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes . Not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline . That 's the kind of Dublin this story is about , just as Jack the Ripper movies are about seedy , foggy , cobblestoned Whitechapel . Who would want it any other way ? How could it have been any other way with no bankable stars , a minuscule budget , and a four - week shooting schedule ? The acting follows suit -- outrageously hammy on everyone 's part . Sometimes , my God , it 's positively excruciating . Mrs. McPhillips moaning after Frankie is shot dead outside the house . Victor McLaglin however delivers exactly the right kind of overdone performance . Wardrobe has stuffed him into a too - small jacket so that he seems to be bursting out of it like Frankenstein 's monster . His every movement seems to go a little farther than it was intended to . When he slaps his cap on his head , he bops himself on the temple . A big , blustering , blubbering baby , he seems constantly drunk . He betrays his best friend for the reward money which will take him and his would - be girl to America , not a good guy in the ordinary sense . Yet we wince as he begins to spend the 20 pounds , more and more of it during a wild , alcoholic night , because every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him farther from his dream . I would n't argue it , but I can understand why he won an Oscar.<br /><br />As for Max Steiner 's score , wow . Every movement , already overdone , is not only underlined by the Mickey Mouse music but highlighted in glossy yellow . It should n't have happened -- the heavenly choirs , the endearing young charms , the minstrel boy , the gurgling tune while McLaglen drinks from the bottle . It would have been better off with no score at all.<br /><br />Well , how is it as a whole ? Dated -- by any measure , but not a product of its times . That 's why I admire it . Yes , the symbolism is clumsy at times . McLaglen , a real dummy , bumping his head against a hanging sign . The fog . The blind man . But what impresses me is how little of this was being tried at the time . What strikes us as overly arty today was in 1936 something quite different from what was seen in most of the programmers being ground out at the time . If it falls short at times , it does n't matter . The movie was an act of courage , politically and morally as well as poetically . ( The legion of decency condemned it because of a scene in a brothel . ) A director 's goal should exceed his grasp , or what 's a script for ? Watching it now , however , in 2006 , the story is more disturbing than ever . John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels . They kill , but only out of what they see as necessity . ( " He knows too much to live . What if he goes to the Tans ? Oh , it 's not me - self I 'm thinking of but all of us , of Ireland herself . " ) The Irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic . I wonder if the Jihadists in the Middle East do n't use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence .
1 " Enter the Fat Dragon " is one of the funniest martial art movies I had the opportunity to see . Sammo Hung portrays a Chinese farm boy that comes to visit a city friend . Just like Tang Lung of " Way of the Dragon . " Wherever Sammo goes , trouble starts , therefore he has to rely on his martial art skills to solve the differences . Luckily , Sammo 's character learns martial arts by imitating and mimicking his idol , Bruce Lee . He even strokes his nose with his thumb exactly the way Bruce Lee does and also releases his screeching yell . He also uses nunchucks in a scene . It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee . There 's a great showdown near the end of the movie which consists of foreign fighters . Sammo has to encounter each opponent one by one . Sort of like " The Game of Death " , where each fighter possesses a different martial art discipline from one another.<br /><br />This is one of the films I really enjoyed watching and also the very first Sammo Hung movies I 've seen . Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs . A rare classic Sammo Hung film I highly recommend for all you martial art fans out there . 8.5/10 !
1 This is of of Sammo 's great early comedy films . This is n't a parody of enter the dragon , the main character ( Sammo ) is obsessed with Bruce Lee and emulates him freakishly well for a man of his size . Nominal story about how his fighting keeps causing his loved ones trouble - then fighting . Oh , the fighting . Good , fast - paced scenes with high impact ( the white guy who plays a boxer looks like he really gets hurt by one of Sammo 's kicks).<br /><br />The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional . There is a Jim Kelly looking guy ( one of three experts hired to take out Sammo ) , but he was a Chinese guy in blackface with an afro - wig . Come on , did n't they have any real black people in Hong Kong in 1978 ? Well , I guess I 've seen enough white fake - as - hell " Chinese people " in old American movies too.<br /><br />This is one is for any Sammo or Bruce Lee fan .
1 This movie is not a kung fu movie . This is a comedy about kung fu . And if , before making this film , Sammo Hung had n't spent some time watching films by the great French comic filmmaker Jaques Tati ( i.ie . , e.g. , esp . Jour de fête ) , he is certainly on the same wave length.<br /><br />Personally , I think Tati 's films are hilarious ; but they 're not to all tastes . Some have told me that they loathe his work . I 've never figured out why , but I think it 's because the character that Tati usually plays himself is so totally dead pan , so unaffected by the events around him ( which he is usually causing ) that many miss the more subtle comic bits happening around him.<br /><br />At any rate , Tati 's main shtick - or at least his best known - is to take a pretentiously upright petite bourgeoisie with 19th century sensibilities and drop him into 20th century France where he must confront a society that is largely defined by the gradual eroding of those sensibilities . He usually has serious difficulties with little things like record players or radios . He 's a hazard in a car , but the world 's no safer when he rides a bicycle . But through it all , he never loses his aplomb , which is derived from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th overall.<br /><br />In a similar fashion , the character Sammo Hung himself plays is a country boy come to the big city of Hong Kong , utterly convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies there . This gets him into trouble in small ways , since he takes in stride happenstance which would never be noticed in a small town but which are deemed inappropriate in a big city - such as the moment when he appears to be urinating in the street , A cop stops him , only to discover that Hung is actually just squeezing water out of his shirt , soaked during an accidental dip in the bay . What 's interesting about this gag is why it is Hung does n't understand what the cop 's fuss is all about - in a country town , as long as no one 's looking , if you got ta go you got ta go . In other words , Hung is not really urinating in the street - but he certainly would - and what 's the problem officer ? Of course Hung 's obsession with Bruce Lee also gets him into big troubles as well . He beats a gang of thugs who have refused to pay his restaurant - owner uncle . Of course , in a Bruce Lee movie , the thugs would be considered trounced , and they would have learned their lesson . But in Hung 's Hong Kong , reality unfortunately prevails , and the thugs return when he 's not around , to trounce his uncle.<br /><br />Of course , Hung finally triumphs in the end , just as Tati always did . Characters like this must always triumph ( at least in comedy ) because they are completely innocent , and as such , despite their comic missteps and misunderstandings , they really represent what is best in the humans we admire and wish to be . We do n't really want to be Bruce Lee ( who has to experience the loss of all of his friends before he gets a chance to beat the bad - guy ) , we , in our own innocence , really want a world where Lee 's heroics are possible.<br /><br />Unfortunately , that world only exists on film.<br /><br />"Ah , but what if ... ? " - and in that question we find Sammo Hung at his comic best .
1 " One of Hung 's better early efforts . The humor is dead - on in parts as Hung tries to imitate Lee 's moves and facial expressions , and also in a bit where Hung pokes fun at Jackie Chan 's Drunken Master . The action is also pretty good , especially when Hung takes on a trio on martial arts experts at the end . It 's not the greatest film , but pretty good for ' 70 's kung fu , especially if you 're a fan of Hung and/or Lee . Be warned , though : most video versions of the movie have pretty shoddy quality . There is also a character in blackface which some people might find offensive.<br /><br />Sammo Hung is a rural swine - herder who moves to Hong Kong to fight off some bad guys . Sammo turns on his dead - on Bruce Lee impersonation when fighting ! < br /><br />This film is often billed as a parody of Bruce Lee 's " Enter The Dragon " , but it 's not exactly that ... Sammo is a rural swine herder -- obsessed with Bruce Lee -- who moves to Hong Kong to help his relatives run a small open - air restaurant . Once situated at the new job , he is forced to defend the eatery from local gangsters looking for protection money . When Sammo switches into fighting mode , he switches on his Bruce Lee impersonation , which must be seen to be believed ! This film is pretty sloppy , in many of the fight scenes Sammo battles against people who are obviously actors rather than martial artists , and there 's one character who 's supposed to be black who is played by an Asian man in heavy ( and preposterous ) makeup . But what this film lacks in budget and accuracy , it more than makes up for in atmosphere and energy . Highly recommended for a good mood . "
1 The most agile fat guy in martial arts does it again . An early Sammo film that has him imitating his character 's hero , Bruce Lee , Sammo is amazingly Lee like in his actions and fighting . The way he slips into Bruce 's style and then back to his own , more familiar kung fu is a joy to watch and shows how accomplished and adaptable he is at his art . Throw in a bit of slapstick humour so beloved of this type of flick and this a movie that has it all - comedy ( some unintentional , like the fake black guy ) , action and some incredible fight scenes.<br /><br />A great beer and buddies movie that is worth an hour and a half of anyone 's time .
1 Overall I would have to say that I liked the movie . Some of the fight scenes are really good . Especially the fight against Leung Ka - Yan . One point that really bothered me was the fact that they used an Asian to play a black man . I mean really . Talk about bad taste . During a fight scene , you see one of the fighters on the floor is laughing . Otherwise , Sammo copies Bruce Lee 's fighting moves perfectly . 5 out of 10 Stars .
1 COME ON ! ! ! They did that on purpose ! ! Two of my current faves on TV ( Meloni from " Oz " and " L and O - SVU " and Janel from " West Wing " ) hook up for a nice little sleeper / character study . Plot 's nothing fancy , but the acting is right on the mark . Tim Busfield shows up for some neat bits . Worth a look .
1 I happened upon this film by accident , and really enjoyed . Timothy Busfield 's character is without redeeming qualities , and at one point , Busfield and star Meloni ogle women as they pass by ... Meloni 's take on the parade is different from Busfield 's . Janel Maloney is terrific ... She looks very much like Tea Leone , but the major difference here is that Janel can actually ACT . Some very nice things in this film and well worth your attention when it 's on cable .
1 Who knew they could be so funny ? ? Christopher Meloni and Janel Moloney are known more for their outstanding work in some of television 's hottest dramas . ( " Law & Order : SVU " and " The West Wing " ) Put them together on the big screen and what you get is an engaging romantic comedy with plenty of laughs.<br /><br />The actors develop the story 's ongoing relationship with impressive skill , leaving the audience bound to fall in love with Barry Singer ( Meloni ) , despite the fact he 's a standup comic who also happens to be a mean - spirited , sexist jerk.<br /><br />You'll be rooting for him even as he takes all his insecurities with the opposite sex and chases Thea ( Moloney ) halfway around the country in hopes of winning her heart . They have so little in common ... but when Barry finally opens his heart , you 'll wonder why Thea keeps running away.<br /><br />The Souler Opposite is a wonderful movie with an incredible cast and a gifted writer . Well worth your time.<br /><br / >
1 I finally got myself set up on mail order DVD rental so I could find movies not available to me in the stores . I chose The Souler Opposite because I love Christopher Meloni , and also like small , often ignored films.<br /><br />This one is such a treat ! Meloni has such charm in this part . It 's easy to pigeon hole him is you only ever see him as his alter ego Elliot Stabler ( LOSVU ) . In this film , Meloni is an out of step unattached mid - lifer who is hitting the skids in many ways , only to find a path to happiness in someone unexpected.<br /><br />The relationship drawn between Barry ( Meloni ) and Tim Busfield 's character is realistic and not over done . I have n't seen Busfield since 30something , and he was fun to watch . But it was all Chris ' film . I became such a fan girl all over again.<br /><br />It is a bit slow in the beginning , I will admit . I thought some of the " flashbacks " could have been edited down . But overall , this film will delight you - male or female - as it has an honest , refreshing view of relationships today .
1 Firstly , this is simply the funniest movie I have ever seen . It incorporates perfectly - timed slapstick , sexual humour , and cleverly - thought - up stand - up . But it goes deeper than that . The Souler Opposite is an original love story ( something we do n't see that often ) that gave me hope that there is love out there;that two people who love each other can work through their adversity ; and that such a comedic take on life ( something I believe we all should have ) can be accepted by the people that really matter . Chris Meloni gives a such a convincing performance as Barry Singer that he should have won an oscar . The film is brilliantly written and I hope we will be seeing more films from everyone involved in the future .
1 I 've heard people who say this movie is dull dull dull . I do n't think they were watching the right movie . This is n't the prototypical action movie , thank God.<br /><br />This is a psychological drama about the rookie and his mentor that just happens to be about killing people . In this way it works extremely well , with terrific performances from Berenger and Zane ( who does n't sleepwalk through the movie like he has in other roles - he actually looks like he 's acting).<br /><br />I was disappointed with the action towards the end - a lot of it did n't make much sense and was unsatisfying given the buildup from the rest of the movie . But watch Zane 's face as he panics , alone , while Berenger does the dirty work .
1 * * * * SPOILERS * * * * The film " Sniper " is undoubtedly based on the exploits of legendary US Marine sniper Carlos " Gunny " Hathcock . The unassuming soft - spoken Mister Rogers look - alike who ran up a score of as much as 300 confirmed and unconfirmed Vietcong and North Vietnamese military kills during his two tours in " Nam".Which shows just how deadly and effective a trained military sniper really is.<br /><br />Tom Berenger is cool clam and deadly as Sgt . Thomas Beckett who 's at the end of his career as a top US Marine sniper but who later in the movie realizes that a life as a civilian will be pointless . Since there 's nothing outside for him to do with his skills that he learned in the US Marines unless he decides to become a mob hit - man . Backett reluctantly accepts his fate as a lifetime professional killer for his country.<br /><br />The story of the film " Sniper " is focused on Sgt . Beckett with the assistance of former sharp shooting silver medalist and US government agent Richard Miller , Billy Zane , being sent deep inside the Panamanian jungle . The two snipers are to take out rebel General Miguel Alveraze , Frederick Miraglittoa , and Colombian drug king - pin Raul Ochoa , Carlos Alveraze , who 's supporting him in a planned a military take - over of the country . < br /><br />We see earlier in the movie Sgt . Beckett scope and take out a rebel leader which I feel was the best scene in " Sniper " . For it shows step by step how Sgt . Beckett with the help of his spotter Cpt . Papich , Aden Young , does his job . There 's also a sub - plot that was later aborted in the movie about a rebel sniper DeSilva , Eward Wiley , who was stalking Beckett and who later killed Papich as they were both waiting to be lifted out of the jungle by a military helicopter . You would have thought that a deadly cat and mouse was being played out between the two that would culminate when the movie ended but Sgt . Beckett had no trouble at all in dispatching DeSilva early in the film by using an unsuspecting Miller as bait.<br /><br />What hurt the movie the most was ironically the last fifteen or so minutes when the story went from a one shot one kill sniper movie to a Rambo - like ending with Sgt . Beckett and Agent Miller fighting off an entire battalion of rebels with bullets flying as thick as a London fog.<br /><br />"Sniper " is still well worth watching for the fact that it tells the story about a person who until now has not really been glamorized in war movies : A solitary killer who kills with the precision and skill of a master diamond cutter or accomplished neurosurgeon and who does it in total secrecy .
1 Despite some negative comments this film has garnered in the IMDb pages , it 's still worth a look as this is a story about survival and camaraderie between two different men with different mentalities while in a difficult mission in the Panamanian jungle.<br /><br />Peruvian director Luis Llosa takes us along to watch this thriller set in Panama . The film has some good moments as Beckett , the veteran marine , takes a newly arrived man , recently sent to try to eliminate a notorious drug cartel head and the corrupt army general who might be the next president of the country . The only problem , Miller , has no experience in what he has been entrusted to achieve.<br /><br />Miller , the arrogant newly arrived man to the jungle and to the guerrilla warfare between the military and drug lords against the infiltrated American intelligence men , learns a valuable lesson from Beckett . What looks good in theory , is irrelevant in the jungle.<br /><br />Tom Berenger , is an actor who does n't register much , as he proves in this movie , but in the context of the movie , he is right as a man of a few words . Billy Zane playing Miller does what he can with a role that does n't afford him any glory until the crucial end.<br /><br />For lovers of action film , " Sniper " offers an 112 minutes of action that with a bit of trimming would have made a more satisfying movie .
1 This will be somewhat short . First , do n't listen to the critics , as it is not as bad as most say it is ! ! Sniper uses a classic movie formula , which many dismiss immediately as flawing the movie . While sniper does not reflect the 100 % truth about how our country 's Military Snipers work , it does give those who know nothing about the Professional Sniper a glimpse into the world of the Sniper . And yes , the movie has many flaws , but what movie does n't ? There are many good scenes and good acting by Tom Berenger . I have to say the 2 worst scenes are at the beginning of the movie with Billy Zane in the Helicopter followed by Zane in the Marine 's bar scene . The best scene in Sniper is with Berenger in the middle of a field with the opposing force sweeping it ! ! Also there are plenty of good shots of the jungle and some classic shots using the camera as though you are looking through a riflescope . And yes , the Sniper Motto is ` one shot , one kill ' . Judge Sniper for yourself!!<br /><br / >
1 Sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies . I remember movies about Vietnam or WWII , lots of firing , everybody dies , bam bam . " Sniper " takes war to a new level or refinement . The movie certainly conveys all of the emotions it aims for - The helplessness of humans in the jungle , the hatred and eventual trust between Beckett and Miller , and the rush of the moment when they pull the trigger . A seemingly low - budget film makes up for every flaw with action , suspense , and thrill , because when it comes down to it , it 's just one shot , one kill .
1 Two snipers travel deep in the jungles in search for their targets ; a slimy South American drug - lord and a prominent general.<br /><br />Moderately successful at building a brooding atmosphere , Sniper is by most accounts a very solid thriller , taking it 's time , establishing it 's characters and their plight and climaxing in some good action sequences . Director Llosa is n't always successful at maintaining the sombre mood and could have tightened the story somewhat ; some detours here do n't add up to much . But this film is far better than his Stallone / Stone travesty The Specialist.<br /><br />Billy Zane , usually incredibly tiresome , does surprisingly well as the inexperienced Sniper teamed up with veteran Berenger . As for Berenger this film proved to be his last good big budget Hollywood venture . He can do these kind of roles in his sleep and he 's very convincing here , reprising the role twice more in direct to DVD sequels .
1 " One shot , one kill , no exceptions . " A must see if you are into marines or snipers . two big thumbs up ! Great overall storyline , great camera work , good drama , action , details , and more . Pretty close to the real thing . But this is n't a film to breakdown and pick out the editing faults . this is to sit back and have a good 99 mins . The plot has some depth but this movie is n't really about making you think . its about enjoying the sniper lifestyle and action . sniper 2 and 3 are pretty good follow ups but the first is still the best overall movie . Tom Berenger does a great job playing his character and showing the hidden side of the sniper life . the plain of dealing with all of the death . Must see for sniper fans .
1 Some guys think that sniper is not good because of the action part of it was not good enough . Well , if you regard it as an action movie , this view point could be quite true as the action part of this movive is not actually exciting . However , I think this is a psychological drama rather than an action one.<br /><br />The movie mainly told us about the inside of two snipers who definitely had different personalities and different experiences . Tomas Beccket , who was a veteran and had 74 confirmed kills , looked as if he was cold - hearted . However , after Beccket showed his day dream of Montana , we can clearly see his softness inside . It was the cruel war and his partners ' sacrifice that made Beccket become so called cold - hearted.<br /><br />Millar , on the contrary , was a new comer , a green hand , and was even not qualified as a sniper . Billy Zane did quite well to show millar 's hesitation and fear when he first tried to " put a bullet through one 's heart"(as what Beccket said ) . What he thought about the actuall suicide mission was that it could be easily accomplished and then he could safely get back and receive the award.<br /><br />These two guys were quite different in their personalities and I think that the movie had successfully showed the difference and the impact they had to each other due to the difference in their personalities . These two snipers quarreled , suspected each other and finally come to an understanding by the communication and by what they had done to help even to save the other.<br /><br />Sniper is n't a good action movie but a good psychological one .
1 Sunday would not be Sunday without an action movie , and when you want intense combat , you turn to Tom Berenger ( Platoon).<br /><br />Here he plays a sniper in the jungle going after rebels and drug lords . Life 's a bitch , so he gets a green office type ( Billy Zane ) to help on the mission.<br /><br />The film is in the hands of Luis Llosa , who stunk up Anaconda . he does n't do much better here , but Berenger makes the movie worthwhile.<br /><br />Sure , it may be a little long - who wants to see a lot of walking through the jungle , but is is good , tense action when the time is right .
1 There are few movies that appear to provide enterntainment as well as realism . If you 've ever wondered about the role of snipers in modern war , take a look at this one . < br /><br />I just loved the scene where hundred soldiers get shooting at the jungle , no - one quite sure where that shot came?<br /><br />And , they nicked one scene to Saving Private Ryan , so it has to have some merit in the scene.<br /><br / >
1 Zane and Beringer will keep you on the edge of your seats . I do n't typically go for military / war movies , but this was worth my time.<br /><br />It was serious , but it was also humorous . Beringer 's character proved to be heroic and honest . No matter what , you know that he 's got your back.<br /><br />Zane 's character developed throughout the film . He was n't just a suit , he definitely proved that he could be a hero and handle a gun.<br /><br />The ending through me a little though . It did n't really go with the action throughout the film , but I 'm glad that I saw it , nonetheless.<br /><br />It 's worth checking out .
1 Just as Tom Berenger put you into the soul of Sgt . Barnes , he has done it again with Thomas Beckett . If I thought his world was folding in on him in the first scenes , it was nothing compared to how much more I felt during the last scenes . Great movie , even for a girl .
1 This is one military drama I like a lot ! Tom Berenger playing military assassin Thomas Beckett . This Marine is no - nonsense , in your face , and no questions asked kind of person who gets the job done . There you have Billy Zane("The Phantom " and others ) who plays Richard Miller , a former SWAT form D.C. , works for the government and takes orders only from them . Who needs a bureaucrat ? I do n't ! When these two are paired , sparks should be flying . And how . However , Beckett teaches the young bureaucrat on how it works . When the other sniper hits , it 's wits vs. wits , cat vs. mouse , gunman vs. gunman . And when the seasoned sniper is caught , it 's up to Miller to put politics aside and save him . Who needs politics when you a pro like Beckett , he took orders from no one but himself , plays by the rules and not the book , and mutual respect is brought out despite the politics . The movie was a direct hit . Watch it . Rating 4 out of 5 stars .
1 This was another great Tom Berenger movie .. But some people are right it was like another SGT BARNES character but it was still awsome .. Tom Berenger played a great sniper in the jungles Of Panama ! Billy Zane was a wuss at first just like Cpl Upham from Saving Private Ryan but then he got a little more aggresive in the end ! Sniper was awsome and action buffs should watch it .. I remind you it would nt have as much action as a reg action flick .. i got this one on DVD too and it is excellent !
1 I am curious of what rifle Beckett was using in the movie , and also the caliber of the bullet that he was suppose to be firing . If this is loosely based on Carlos Hathcock 's sniping , I am guessing that it is a 7 mm . round . I am also curious of the rifle itself . He also made a comment in the final Sniper movie about the rifle that the Vietnamese man let him use that belonged to his father . Beckett mentioned that he thought it was the best sniper rifle ever made . I would like to know which rifle that is also . I know that this particular rifle was made around WWII or beforehand . I just could n't get a close enough look at it watching the movie to identify it.<br /><br />As for Mr. Hathcocks kills , his longest shot was 1.47 miles , and he had 93 confirmed kills and 14 unconfirmed kills . After his wounds somewhat healed from being burned in Vietnam , he spent the rest of his career teaching snipers in the USMC the skills that they would need in the field . His sniping career is still mentioned to our brothers and sisters that train in the USMC . I found out his name from my friend who is a former Marine . Any information would be great .
1 This is the best movie I`ve ever seen ! ! ! Thomas Beckett & Richard Miller -two mankinds who want to survive in the " jungle " of violence and madnes , one shot - one killed ! ! ? You must kill , if you getting doubt about something , YOU MUST SURVIVE ! ! < br /><br />P.P.- I appologise of my bad / worst/ English ! ! !
1 When I saw it for the first time I was really impressed . The director made such a mysterious atmosphere , especially in the end . Through all the story spectators can expect that Richard will really kill Thomas or he will do it first . But .. the main point was not conflict but .. FRIENDSHIP!Older and mature one prayed himself to save the younger who has the whole life to life . It is amazing . Every time I watch it I enjoy!Of course it is pretty violent like every action movie but I think it is acceptable . Thanks a lot Louis Liosa and Tom Berenger ! Amazing film!I advice everyone to see it . I am sure people wo nt regret and will really have a good time .
1 Throughout this film , you might think this film is just for kids . Well , it is mainly pointed towards them , but it 's also well - rounded enough with the jokes pointed also at the adults in the audience . This time around , the Muppet gang try to get on Broadway , with the dire straits keeping them from getting it produced , leading them to splitting up . But Kermit wo n't stop , and his determination keeps things moving along until after getting the deal together he gets hit by a car and sent into amnesia ! < br /><br />It 's a send - up , in part , of those old starring vehicles from the 40s with musicals actually as the topic of a musical , only here there 's the usual lot of zaniness and wonderful moments thrown into a pot of hysterically funny moments ( Lou Zealand 's boomerang fish ; Gonzo 's water - stunt display , the whisper campaign , among many others ) , but also with a lot of heart too . The Muppet writers are n't shy of the conventions , on the contrary , they embrace them to the point where it 's almost refreshing to see such a ' lets put on a show ' story where through thick and think the characters will meet their dream . < br /><br />While not as totally original in scope as the Muppet Movie , it 's got many catchy and memorable songs , excellent locations all over Manhattan , and even some intonations of inter - species dating ( and marriage ) ! Cameos include Liza Minneli ( " a frog ? " ) , Elliot Gould ( as the cop ) , Brooke Shields ( propositioned by a rat ) , Edward I. Koch , Gregory Hines and Joan Rivers . So get ready to sing - along , or just have a lot of big laughs and romantic ( yes romantic ) times with one of the best Muppet movies .
1 i love this film . the songs and story lines are great fun . and the song " saying goodbye " always moves me . what a brilliant thing to do to bring puppets to life , in a way that you actually care about these things made of cloth and fabric and whatever . great voices and great talent . why were all the other muppet films that came after this one so much less interesting , moving and funny ? is it that mr . henson is just so very missed ?
1 When I first saw this film in the 1980 's , I was in my middle teenage years and somewhat reluctant to see this since I considered myself grown up and out of the " Sesame Street / Muppets " age . I honestly do n't remember if I liked it at the time or not . However , somewhere in college I watched this film again , and it wound up going ( and staying ) into my personal Best Films Ever collection.<br /><br />This film is LOADED with humor that goes far above and beyond what one would have expected from the Muppets . I mean , obviously the Muppets always have appealed to adults and children because there 's humor geared towards both generations . But come on ... Janice is accidentally overheard telling someone " I do n't take my clothes off for anyone , even if it IS artistic" ... there 's a joke from a father to a son that if the son in love with Kermit the Frog then the father does n't want to hear it ... Gonzo saves a chicken with mouth - to - mouth resuscitation ( sp ? ) and afterwards says " I think we 're engaged now" ... these and plenty of other moments in the film had me rolling . Add to that very smart dialogue , very smart New York / Broadway " wink wink " humor , the usual large amount of celebrity cameos and some really enjoyable songs that do n't border on " kid - level cheesy " whatsoever ... this film is a masterpiece ! I do n't throw " 10 " 's out on a regular basis ... but this one deserves it . Over 20 years later , this film totally holds up , perhaps even more so . The Muppets never were and never will be again , as funny and smart and just plain brilliant as this film was and is . ---Q
1 This was the third Muppet movie and the last one Jim Henson was around to take part in the making of before his premature death in 1990 . The first three films starring the famous characters were all made and released into theatres before I was born . I originally saw the first and second installments in the original trilogy , " The Muppet Movie " and " The Great Muppet Caper " , around the mid - nineties , as a kid , but did n't see this third one , " The Muppets Take Manhattan " , until April 2007 . This was shortly after I had seen its two predecessors and 1996 's " Muppet Treasure Island " for the first time in many years . This third Muppet movie definitely did n't disappoint me the first time I saw it , and my second viewing nearly three years later may not have impressed me as much , but if not , it certainly did n't go too far downhill.<br /><br />The Muppets ' stage musical , " Manhattan Melodies " , turns out to be a big hit on their college campus . They are graduating from college , so they will soon be leaving , but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try and get their show on Broadway . After their arrival , they begin searching for a producer , but after many rejections , they finally decide to part and go find jobs . Most of them leave town , but Kermit stays , and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang . He gets a job at a New York restaurant owned by a man named Pete . The frog quickly befriends Pete 's daughter , Jenny , an aspiring fashion designer who currently works at her father 's restaurant as a waitress . As Kermit continues his attempts to reach stardom , now with the help of Jenny , he does n't know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him . She begins to see Kermit and Jenny together , and to her it looks like they 're getting close , which leads to jealousy ! < br /><br />When I saw this movie for the second time , it looked disappointing at first . It seemed a little rushed , unfocused , and maybe even forgettable around the beginning . There are some funny bits during this part of the film , such as Animal chasing a woman through the audience on the college campus , but for a little while , the film seemed bland to me compared to its two predecessors . Fortunately , it was n't long before that changed . The film is entertaining for the most part , with " Saying Goodbye " , the poignant song the Muppets sing as they part , and a lot that happens after that . The two funniest parts MIGHT be Miss Piggy 's tantrums after she sees Kermit and Jenny hugging , but there were definitely many other times when I laughed , such as poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears . The Muppets still have their charm and comical antics , which obviously also helps carry the movie for the most part , as does the plot , a simple but intriguing one for all ages . There are some weaker moments , such as the Muppet babies sequence , and Juliana Donald 's performance as Jenny is lacklustre , but neither of these problems are too significant , and are far from enough to ruin the entire experience.<br /><br />I would say " The Muppet Movie " , the film that started the franchise in 1979 , is the best of the original trilogy , and that seems to be the most popular opinion . This third film is probably the weakest of the three , but all of them are good . Unlike " Muppets From Space " , the third of the theatrical films in the franchise made after Henson 's sad passing , at least " The Muppets Take Manhattan " is still the Muppets ! I wo n't go into details about what I think of the Muppets ' 1999 film , released twenty years after their first one , since I 've already explained in my review of it why I found it so disappointing , and even though it does have some appeal , I 'm clearly not alone . However , every theatrical movie starring the lovable Muppets that was made during Henson 's life is good entertainment for the whole family , even if the second and third installment each showed a slight decline in quality after the one that directly preceded it .
1 Jim Henson 's Muppets were a favorite of mine since childhood . This film makes me feel like a kid again . Okay , the Muppets are back with Miss Piggy and Kermit the Frog and their friends . The premise is that they are trying to get on Broadway in a musical show in where else but New York City . You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch . Anyway , the film turns 25 this year and I hope the kids of today will learn to appreciate the lightheartedness of the Muppets Gang . The problem with the show is Kermit goes missing and the gang has to find him in New York City . It 's worth watching for kids and even sentimental adults like myself .
1 The third Muppet movie is perhaps the most relaxed and pleasing , with the gang taking their modest college musical to the bright ( yet volatile ) lights of Broadway filled with typically naïve optimism . Of course , their first attempt fails and Kermit ( leader of the group and author of the show ) blows his top ; so , the others all go their separate ways so that he wo n't have to feel responsible for them . Kermit himself befriends a young wannabe fashion designer making ends meet by serving food at her father 's diner ( the old man , then , has a line in particularly tortuous non - sequiturs ! ) . We get the usual cameo appearances by a variety of stars : Art Carney ( as a producer ) , James Coco ( as an overzealous dog owner ) , Dabney Coleman ( as a confidence trickster ) , Elliott Gould ( who was also in THE MUPPET MOVIE [ 1979 ] ) , Gregory Hines , Liza Minnelli ( as herself – having her portrait at a classy restaurant replaced by Kermit 's , sporting fake moustache , as an ostensibly celebrated entrepreneur in a ruse to attract publicity to the Muppets ' show ) , Brooke Shields , and even director John Landis ( in possibly the film 's funniest scene as a Broadway producer before whom Kermit appears acting streetwise and chummy and hilariously donning shades and an Afro wig ! ) . The other Muppets more or less go through their typical paces , with ( regrettably ) less space given to Gonzo this time around ; while Miss Piggy is something of an acquired taste with me , the scenes in which the latter spies on what she takes to be Kermit 's romance with the waitress – and especially her violent reaction to this – are undeniably funny . What disappoints , however , is the climactic show itself ( after a fairly redundant midsection wherein Kermit gets amnesia and eventually picks up advertising on Madison Avenue ) which , rather than the expected splashy routines , procures nothing more original than the wedding ceremony of Kermit and his eternal flame Miss Piggy !
1 I found this to be the most enjoyable Muppets movie , because I felt it was the most light - hearted and had the best comic delivery on most of its lines . The Muppets try to go on Broadway to sell an original musical they 've written , but along the way , they run into the usual problems , including Kermit 's memory loss here . While there are n't as many great cameos here as in the original " Muppets Movie , " there are some including Joan Rivers and Dabney Coleman . Simply the timing and delivery of so many of the lines is great , and the situations the Muppets find themselves in are hilarious . The original songs are also good here , and the ending is satisfying . There is not much else to say about the film , but Muppet fans should see it for sure . It is the funniest Muppet movie and is sure to be enjoyed by all.<br /><br />***1/2 out of * * * *
1 " The Muppets Take Manhattan " is different in a lot of ways to every other Muppet Movie made so far . For one , it remains the only Muppet film not owned by Disney . As of 2008 , the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox ( CBS Fox at the time of its release ) even though Disney owns the rights to the Muppets . Also , this film has a story line that 's very non - linear , and events that are otherwise unpredictable.<br /><br />Of course , it 's very hard to beat the original " Muppet Movie " from 1979 , especially since that movie had more memorable songs than " Manhattan " does . However , one way in which " The Muppets Take Manhattan " is better than " The Muppet Movie " is perhaps the surprisingly realistic scenarios . In the first movie , all the Muppets really have to do is go to Hollywood , walk into an agent 's office , and they are immediately given a " Rich & Famous " contract . In this movie , the Muppets learn that they actually have to work for their desired success , and it 's a lot harder to do that , especially in the entertainment business , than they initially thought . That 's an important and often times overlooked message , provided one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets , being small and made of cloth , do n't necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat respectively . Above all , their struggle to make it after graduating college creates a very good story . Another note : The celebrity cameos in the movie were cool , and they surprisingly managed not to take away the spotlight from the Muppets . That ability right there is a testament to Henson , and how appealing the Muppet characters were even to adults.<br /><br />Where " Manhattan " falls flat , and this is where I 'm sure people will disagree with me , is with some of the key songs , especially in the end . I thought the wedding song " He 'll Make Me Happy " was too somber for such a happy occasion as a wedding . It sounded more like a song that 's played at a funeral . Every time I watch this movie , hearing that song makes me unusually depressed , especially when the film begins on such an upbeat number as " Together Again " and ends happily for that matter . " Saying Goodbye " was a sad number too , but it fit better into the movie because the Muppets were disbanding and were n't sure they were going to see each other again . That last song was such a let down , and perhaps even added to younger viewers ' misery of seeing their favorite Muppets leave the big screen.<br /><br />"The Muppets Take Manhattan " is overall a good film , and one that marches to the beat of a different drum than the other Muppet films , including the newer ones made after the deaths of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt . Fortunately , the film marches in the same direction as well . I just wished the film ended on a better song that was n't quite so melancholy . Plus , Disney should have gotten its hands on this film 's copyright and given it a proper DVD release . Maybe it will someday . We 'll see .
1 In this Muppet movie , Kermit , Miss Piggy , Fozzie , Gonzo , Rowlf , Scooter , Camillia , Dr. Teeth , Floyd , Animal , Janice , and Zoot are college graduates who decide to bring their successful college musical , Manhattan Melodies , to Broadway . Unfortunately , no producer will even meet with the Muppets . After being denied by too many producers , Scooter suggests that the Muppets decide to move on on their own . However , Kermit still believes that he can get his show on Broadway , but after he finally does and let 's everybody know that he sold the show , Kermit get 's amnesia and the others do n't know where he is.<br /><br />This features many great scenes , including a live action sequence that introduced the Muppet Babies , a wedding sequence filled with Muppets , including the Sesame Street cast and Traveling Matt ( from Fraggle Rock ) , Scooter as a movie theatre usher , and a scene where Rizzo and the other rats cook breakfast.<br /><br />My only complaint is that more characters were n't included more . Sure , many of them appear at the wedding , but there should have been some significant roles for Bunsen , Beaker , Beauregard , and Sweetums , and Lips should have been part of The Electric Mayhem in this movie like he was in The Muppet Show 's last season and The Great Muppet Caper , and Miss Piggys dog Foo Foo should have been with her as well ( after all , Rizzo The Rat , also performed by Steve Whitmire , had a big part in this movie , and he was n't very well - known at the time ) .
1 stars : Julianna Donald , Lonny Price and Louis Zorich . cameos : Art Carney , Brooke Sheilds , Liza Minelli , James Coco , Joan Rivers , Dabney Coleman , Linda Lavin , Gregory Hines and others.<br /><br />Muppeteers : Jim Henson as Kermit , Rowlf , Dr . Teeth , Swedish Chef , Waldorf , Ernie and others.<br /><br />Richard Hunt as Scooter , Janice , Statler and Beaker.<br /><br />Frank Oz as Fozzie Bear , Miss Piggy , Animal , Bert , Cookie Monster and Sam the Eagle.<br /><br />Jerry Nelson as Camilla the chicken , Floyd Pepper , Lew Zealand , Crazy Harry and Pops.<br /><br />Dave Goelz as Gonzo , Zoot , Beuregard and Bunsen Hunnydew.<br /><br />Steve Whittemire as Rizzo the rat and others.<br /><br />Another great Muppet flick . This time , Kermit , Fozzie , Miss Piggy , Scooter , Rowlf , The Electric Mayhem , Gonzo and Camilla the chicken are out of college and starring in a musical that they 're trying to get on Broadway . After miserably failing at getting it produced , they all split up and go their separate ways . I love the characters and cameos . The songs in the film are " Together Again " , " Look at Me , Here I am " , " Saying Goodbye " , " And I 'm Going to Always Love You " , " Rat Jazz " and " He 'll Make Me Happy " . Frank Oz directs this movie excellently and all the actors do a great job acting like the Muppets are real . See it ! 91 minutes . Rated G. My rating : A.
1 Do n't think of this movies as just another kids movie - the whole family can enjoy it . Its a strange mix of a movie , as its seems to have a movie within it , but at least it does make sense at the end ( unlike modern films ! ) It does give you all the elements of a film ( decent plot , good characters - well it does star the Muppets , a list of lesser celebs * which films would clamour for ) What is surprising , is the fact that it can be a roller coaster of emotions , some sad , some heartwarming , some funny and some serious - it all makes an enjoyable family film that everyone can watch together.<br /><br / > * The celebs in the film are actually top stars of the day but there is only one true star of the film and no one dare outshine Miss Piggy ! ! ! !
1 I first saw this movie in the theater when I was 8 years old and it still cracks me up . The Muppets are so cool and they approach show business in a refreshingly naive way . My favorite scene is when the rats start a whispering campaign on behalf of Kermit at a fancy restaurant . This is one smart and funny movie for kids and parents alike . Long live Kermit , Miss Piggy and the rest of the gang .
1 But if you like the muppets I defy you to dislike this one . Basically the same plot regurgitated ( this time New York , not LA ) it features a lot of fun cameos and muppet hi - jinx . A lot of the muppets leave the film pretty early on as it centers around Kermy and Miss Piggy . I happened to have enjoyed it greatly . Fun to watch with your kids .
1 Yes , it 's another great magical Muppet 's movie and I adore them all ; the characters , the movies , the TV show episodes ( it 's the best comedy or musical TV show ever ) and all the artists behind it . But here they did such a rare fatal mistake and I 'm surely talking about the weird ending ! ! < br /><br />I think it 's very dangerous to involve that much , in American drama , and end a love affair by marriage ! ! We , as all the poor viewers , feel so free or maybe happy for the absence of its annoyance , peevishness and misery ! So we all enjoy these stories which gather 2 cute heroes as couple in love without the legitimate bond like Mickey Mouse and Minnie , Superman and Lois Lane , Dick Tracy and Tess , etc . So with all of the previous couples and their likes I bet that you feel safe , serenity and peace . Therefore when you look at what the makers of this movie had already done you 'll be as mad as me ! < br /><br />They made the weak miserable creature ( Kermit ) marry his daily nightmare , the most vexatious female ever ( Miss Piggy ) ! This is a historical change by the measures of the American entertainment 's industry ! And it was pretty normal to have a negative impact upon the audience whom just refused to bless or believe or being satisfied with that sudden marriage ( even the pathetic frog did n't have the time or the proper opportunity to think or to decide anything ! ) . Therefore no wonder at all when you know that this movie is the most failure one in their cinematic serious , grossing only 25 millions vis - à - vis 65 millions earned by the first one ( The Muppet Movie – 1979 ) five years earlier ! ! < br /><br />Simply in this movie they took Manhattan , and my rest too !
1 As far as the Muppet line goes , however , this is not the best , nor the second best . This was marketed towards the kiddies , but has some dark , and emotionally upsetting adult moments , to which parents may not wish to expose their children . One of which showcases Miss Piggy going " postal " in a jealous rage , which lasts basically throughout the duration of this work.<br /><br />Beyond that , however , the story is progressive , and highly entertaining . One scene in which Joan Rivers and Miss PIggy go berserk in a department store is simply hilarious ! And there are other parts of this work which contain the same level of levity and fun.<br /><br />I like this very much , and enjoy it still today.<br /><br />It rates a 7.6/10 from ... <br /><br />the Fiend : .
1 This was the best Muppet movie I 've seen ever ! I happen to know that Miss Piggy 's fantasy of meeting as infants was the cause of Muppet Babies . The songs will remain in my head forever . Only saying so because that stupid Nickelodeon show Hey Dude song still remains in my head . Sorry , a little off the topic there . But anyway what I like is Animal after the credits saying " Bye Bye ! Bye Bye ! Bye Bye ! Bye Bye ! Bye Bye ! Hasta Luego ! " That made me laugh so hard . My absolute favorite is the play at the end . I was surprised that the Sesame Street characters popped in at the wedding . I 'm just glad this movie was very entertaining . I borrowed it from the library , and now I have bought it because I ca n't keep the library 's copy forever . In conclusion , I proclaim this is the best movie I 've ever seen ! In my case , it 's even better than Austin Powers in Goldmember , which was my favorite movie !
1 I previously thought that this film was the lamest of the Muppet films . I would like now to retract that statement . In my opinion now , the lamest MUppet film was the TV movie IT 'S A VERY MERRY MUPPET Christmas , am IT 'S A WONDERFUL LIFE rip off that was truly dreadful . MUPPETS TAKE MANHATTAN is nothing special , but miles more enjoyable than MERRY MUPPET Christmas . < br /><br />The best songs are that ' You Ca n't Take No For An Answer ' song , the one the Muppet Babies sing and the songs for the big finale itself . As I loved the Muppet Babies TV show , I loved the Muppet Babies sequence here ( I 'm told that it was what inspired the Muppet Babies show ) < br /><br />The MANHATTAN MELODIES show itself was the real showstopper , with Muppets from Sesame Street even appearing for the wedding . As Kermit puts it in his final line ' What better way could anything end ? ' . But I wish that what was between the beginning and end was a bit more entertaining . There are cute cameos from Brooke Shields and Gregory Hines and a great dance sequence from Rizzo and the Rats ( choreographed by the late , great Jim Henson himself ) and the film certainly entertains . I must state though that MUPPET MOVIE , GREAT MUPPET CAPER and MUPPET Christmas CAROL are the three defininitive MUppet movies .
1 Ah , true memories . I lived in Holland at the time and looked eagerly forward to it every Sunday evening and later Tuesdays . I saw it during my 14 - 16s . Very good for my ( at the time school-)English , as Dutch TV provides subtitles for other languages , except for kiddies shows nowadays . So you would hear the original voices and language . - The best series were the first three ones and then after the third series , the great character , Nazi Von Gelb , who was such a formidable enemy , disappeared from the series ( I do n't think they ever really caught him , he always escaped , leaving room to have him appear again in a next story ) because evidently the series also was distributed to Germany , and a Nazi enemy would n't go over very well ! Too bad , because Geoffrey Toone did such a wonderful convincing job of portraying the intelligent Nazi aristocrat , who had this ongoing obsession to take revenge on England . It was a true delight to see this kind of high quality performance in a youth series , but Ronald Leigh - Hunt was a good counterpart and the youngsters were so normal . They were very believable to me at the time and as a kid I could just imagine to be part of these youngsters , who at the time were about four years older than me . It was a very exciting series to me , standing out in my memory of those times as a special show with " the Prisoner " as well . I hope they will publish a good quality DVD of the series , that would be wonderful . Even the bad copies around are still enjoyable to watch . The later series were not as good , watered down and just not as much fun as the first three . Hopefully they also find the other series with Von Gelb to be put on DVD . Greetings from Canada .
1 As far as I know , this show was never repeated on UK television after its original run in the late ' 60s / early ' 70s , and most episodes are now sadly " missing presumed wiped".<br /><br />Series 6 from 1971 however still exists in its entirety , and I recently got the chance to watch it all , the best part of 4 decades on.<br /><br />After rushing home from school , Freewheelers was essential viewing for me and many of my contemporaries back in those halcyon days of flared trousers , Slade and Chicory Tip . And watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.<br /><br />Never mind the bad / hammy acting , the unintentionally amusing fight scenes , plot holes wide enough to pilot a large ocean - going yacht through and the " frightfully , frightfully " RADA accents of the lead players.<br /><br />No - forget all that . Because Freewheelers harks back to a bygone ( dare I say " golden " ) age of kids ' TV drama , when the shows were simply about rip - roaring fun and did n't take themselves so seriously . Before they became obsessed with all the angst - laden " ishoos " that today 's screenwriters have their young protagonists fret over , such as relationships , pregnancy , drugs , STIs etc.<br /><br />No doubt if it were " remade for a modern audience " in these days of all - pervasive political correctness , the boss figure would be a black female , one of the young male heroes would be a Muslim , the other would be a white lad confused about his sexuality and the girl would be an all - action go - getter with an IQ off the scale , who 'd be forever getting the lads out of scrapes and making them look foolish - in other words a million miles removed from Wendy Padbury 's deferential , ankle - spraining washer - upper.<br /><br />It 's a show that 's very much " of its time " . But is that a bad thing ? I for one do n't think so .
1 This game is very addictive , I kept playing it for hours straight until late at night but also the fact that you ca n't save a game when you are in space contributed to this , at times I just HAD to play on in order not to loose any game data.<br /><br />So yes , " Freelancer " is addictive but also quite flawed . Also for instance , something that extremely bothered me was that you could n't skip any of the cut scene 's with as a result that at times you had to watch the same few minute cut scene time after time . A great opportunity for me to multitask to check my e - mail or have a chat with my friends and more things like that , while I had to wait for the cut scene to be over.<br /><br />The story starts of promising but the further you get the more ridiculous it all gets . Also the game also ends quite abrupt , at least it did so for me . It is quite obvious that they are hinting at a upcoming sequel . I do n't know if a sequel is in the works at the moment but I am sure that most likely I will pick one up once it will be released.<br /><br />The gameplay is very easy ! Even for those who are not familiar with flight games . To put it boldly , every fool can play this game . Yes , some levels are quite hard and require lots of effort . It took me about 1 - 2 weeks for me to finish this game which might be a bit too short . But thank God for the multi - player option ! It allows you to keep playing short missions , just like the single player game once you have completed it by the way.<br /><br />Even though lot 's of mission are the same , it just simply stays cool to be in the middle of the at times massive dogfights.<br /><br />The graphics are good but just not anything revolutionary or anything.<br /><br />Addictive game but beware of its flaws.<br /><br />7/10
1 This is a great game ! Okay perhaps it did n't have some of the features it was meant to have but Digital Anvil have still come up with a good game . There is a certain similarity to Elite(you can trade , pick up weapons and cargo off destroyed ships , go on missions)however this game features a heavily scripted mission . It is a great mission . The control system is different it uses the mouse ! You basically fly you spaceship around a system and work your way up ! The game features some pretty good graphics even through it was made in 2003 . It should run well on even a modestly specified PC . The story features some great voice acting from John Rhys Davies , George Takei , Jennifer Hale(she appears in every computer game ) . Stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on . There is even a race section , where you and an opponent have to race your spaceships around a course(it involves you going through rings ) . This section took me a while to beat . It adds variety to the game . Some sections are a little tough here and there but overall you can beat this game . The game has an active mod scene on the Net . Pick up some mods to extend the game . I have n't played any of the mods yet . < br /><br />Sadly a sequel to this was cancelled , a shame !
1 I bought this game on eBay having heard that it was a similar game to Elite . The gameplay is indeed very similar , and is very addictive . Once I 'd played it a couple of times , I immediately went back on eBay and bought copies for all my kids so they could join in the fun too .... I have played this game right through and the storyline makes it feel as if you are actually in a movie , it 's brilliant . If you have trouble feeling free to explore because of the restrictive nature of the storyline in the single - player game , simply set up a Freelancer server on your own PC ( easy to do and the software is included ) and play to your heart 's content . There are still a huge number of Freelancer servers on the Internet , so multiplayer is no problem and is not all that threatening , because you do n't often meant other players unless you want to . So go get a copy of this game , learn it by playing the single - player campaign , then set up an online presence and enjoy yourself . The depth of this game is staggering , with huge systems to explore and wrecks to find , as well as all sorts of other things to discover - hidden planets , wormholes , secret bases , the list is nearly endless . Fantastic game and especially as you can get it for a couple of quid on eBay . Get one with the full written manual if you can ( blue box , not Xplosiv red box ) , it 's loads better !
1 Maslin Beach is a real nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide , on the Fleurieu Peninsula , in South Australia . It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a location.<br /><br />Maslin Beach is labelled a romantic comedy . This could be slightly misleading , as it is not a ' hilarious ' film , nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense , but it does have light - hearted moments . Much as life itself , there are also moments of sadness too . It is also entirely shot at the nudist beach mentioned above , and nudity runs throughout the length of film . The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal , and concentrate on the plot , not the copious amount of flesh.<br /><br />Simon and Marcie ( Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell ) arrive by car at a beach - side car park . They take their belongings to the beach , and while they are walking , a voice - over from Simon talks about his confusion about what real love is . The rest of the film is an exploration of this , framed by one complete day at the beach . The basic story is of what happens to Simon 's love life , but there are also many other characters highlighted in several separate vignettes.<br /><br />When they arrive at the beach , both Simon and Marcie appear bored with each other . Marcie sees them as a ' Romeo and Juliet ' romantic couple . Simon is just bored with it all . Next , we are introduced to Gail ( Bonnie - Jaye Lawrence ) , Paula ( Zara Collins ) and Jenny ( Jennifer Ross ) . They are walking down the beach together discussing Gail 's chances of finding the ' perfect ' man , aided by the ' powers ' of a necklace that brought good luck to her Grandmother . However , there are many more interesting people on the beach , not all of them ' attractive ' and young ( part of the realism of this film).<br /><br />To service the beach 's patrons there is a flatulent , short - sighted ice - cream salesperson with a van . This is Ben ( Gary Waddell ) , who is a friend of Simon , and is also his unofficial counsellor . I would think that this character is the main comic element . It is hard to say though , as there is nothing about Ben that would make you laugh aloud , unless you were intoxicated , male and very young ! Maslin Beach does have a major redeeming feature though , and that is that it does not dwell too long on any one subject . As the quality of acting is variable , the script is suspect and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap , the lack of continuity is a positive boon . In fact , there is something about this film ( not the nudity ) that I find appealing . It is hard to define what it is , but it could be something to do with its bluntness , and downright ' Aussie ' attitude to carnal matters.<br /><br />The camera work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention . Sometimes it is very good , with some stunning static shots and ' pans ' of the beach , cliffs and a sunset . As nudity is a major factor in this film , framing is an important aspect of the camera work . There is no sense of gratuity in the framing , meaning that the framing is done so that the camera does not dwell on ' private ' body parts . This helps to ease any sense of viewer discomfort from being within the subject 's ' personal space ' , and makes the film more tasteful . Not an easy task , given the location for filming.<br /><br />Maslin Beach is neither a ' skin flick ' for post - pubescent , testosterone charged males , nor a ' Mills and Boon ' romance for under - appreciated women . Maslin Beach does not seem to fit anywhere in genre . The actors are not ' attractive ' in the Baywatch sense , and are just ' normal ' people that you would see on the beach anywhere . It does not have a message to put across and it would not even act as a tourism advertisement , other than perhaps to Naturists . Apart from the Australian accent , the filming could have been in any sunny country . What makes this film distinctly Australian is the fact that it is pointless ( cinema verite ? ) , and only Australian Cinema , and other medium sized National Cinemas , could consider such a rash option . At the same time , these medium sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the quest for identity , and a ' flop ' is not going to damage their reputation too much . It is always possible , given that Maslin Beach is now a collector 's item , that the film might become internationally popular , but it is very unlikely.<br /><br />During this critique , I have been sounding highly negative , at times , about Maslin Beach . This is not the real position , as I found the film very easy to watch . I enjoyed it as a reflection of near reality and real people ( and problems ) . The problems confronted in the film are those of the everyday , and a little low on spectacle . This does it no harm in my view , and I wish that more films dealt with the everyday like this . There is a connection here with the cinemas of Europe , and with French film in particular . They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes , but with the everyday . Hollywood is in direct opposition to this , and rides the crest of the hyper - real action / drama / angst wave . The pace too , is much faster in Hollywood , but it is not reality . Maslin Beach is not exactly ' Jacques Tati ' either , but it is on the right track , even if it does ignore issues of multi culturalism , equality , gender orientation and so on , that are of such importance in current cinema . I am sure that you will either love or hate this film , with little room for a middle ground.<br /><br / >
1 This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend . There are laughs galore and some very interesting little nudist stories going on here . The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty . Maslin beach life is full of diverse nudists and personality types . The Australian coast scenery is , simply , splendid to see . What a place to visit , to say the least , and one day it may become my hideaway . I really enjoy this movie and every time I watch it I enjoy it more . I would love to see more of these characters and I always wonder what became of them . Although the plot is somewhat soft , this movie is , of course , a great excuse to just sit back on the couch and enjoy the wonderful and famous Maslin beach with these wonderful nudists and their own personal stories .
1 I have seen Maslin Beach a couple of times - both on free to air TV in Brisbane . I wo n't go into whether it is good , bad or otherwise as others have well and truly covered this.<br /><br />I will say that it is so Australian . Only in Australia can we have a film about relationships among people spending the day as naked as the day they were born , and to view it on free commercial television.<br /><br />I have a friend from the US who is constantly amazed at what we put on our free TV compared to her home country . Sex and the CIty and Huff are just too examples.<br /><br />Despite our Government trying to turn us into the 51st US State , it is good to know at least some things remain truly Aussie
1 Certainly one of the finest movies I have seen for quite some time . Exquisite direction and flawless acting make this a very entertaining and often moving film . Denzel Washington plays one of his most engaging and emotional roles to date , and the rest of the cast perform beautifully . Christopher Walken is of course superb in his part although he did not appear as often as I would have liked . A story of ultimate greed that backfires is offset against a childs innocence and love . This is also a film for action movie lovers as it has its fair share of bullets , rockets and revenge . The location of Mexico City adds a feel of seediness and corruption which in itself is an eye opener . All in all , a truly gripping film from beginning to end . Highly recommended !
1 ... do nt read any plot summaries because in words the plot might seem trivial , brain - dead and pointless . The film is excellent , the acting by both Denzel and Dakota ( she will go sky high , trust me on that)are just fabulous , and the plot is mind blowing . Actually " fabulous " is a small word to use for such talented actors . The film is just based on actual facts and some characters are not fictional , a fact that adds up to the shock that i was having during and after the film . If you are fond of both actors and of somewhat deranged films , you still have n't watched your favorite one yet ... Trust me , in the end you will have a weird and inexplicable feeling . The film is awesome , see it , rent it , buy it or whatever ... just do n't miss it
