0 Ritchie 's first two films were snappy , stylish entertainment . Here , he raids two recent classics  ' The Usual Suspects ' and ' Fight Club '  and still comes out empty - handed.<br /><br />Despite parading itself as a con - mystery ( with the sub-'Usual Suspects ' twaddle " the greatest con he ever pulled was convincing you that he was you " or whatever it was ... ) and attempting a ' Fight - Club ' twist about which characters are real and which are internal manifestations , the film struggles to maintain interest in its second half . By the last third , you know you 're being lead down a blind alley , and tediously slowly at that.<br /><br />Cons , chess and game theory are all great subjects , but Ritchie delves into them too superficially and too repetitively to make much use of the material.<br /><br />The only thing that keeps the movie ( almost ) watchable is Ritchie 's bold way with with a scene and Maurice - Jones 's dynamic camera . If Ritchie stuck to a more satisfying plot , and succumbed to tighter editing , there 's no reason why he could n't have made another enjoyable gangster caper.<br /><br />As it is , Revolver is a waste of your time . Incomprehensibility does not equal profundity . If you want to see a great film that does n't make logical sense but makes a virtue of it ( and , incidentally , which also involves an inexplicable escape from solitary confinement ) watch ' Lost Highway ' .
0 After seeing " Driven " on a plane flight to America 3 years ago I truly believed I had seen the worst film ever created , and I could relax safe in the knowledge I would never have to suffer that much in front of a screen ever again . Unfortunately as I found out last night this was not the case . Revolver is so monstrously bad I am actually thinking about recommending friends to go and see it , just so I do n't feel like I 'm the only one stupid enough for being conned into watching this . Its really quite amazing how much this film falls completely on its face with the constant , and I mean CONSTANT voice overs of the main characters , with totally inane pretentious nonsense ! I was actually getting angry in the cinema listening to Andre Benjamin 's utterly relentless droning for what seemed like half the film , whilst all the time thinking - what would Turkish have done to this complete joke of gangster / con man , whatever he 's supposed to be , when he made his " offer " ? I 'll tell you what . He would have told him to f**k off , blown his head away , and watch with utter disdain as his equally inept partner waddles away as fast as his chubby little legs would carry him . I mean what are we supposed to believe is going through Jake 's head when they offer him their " solution " to his problem ? They 're con men , therefore they must obviously also have the skill to cure incurable blood diseases ! I mean ffs . Does n't he start to wonder why his symptoms are n't getting worse ? Does n't the penny drop on the third day what is happening instead of Richie subjecting the audience to a painfully patronising phone call from Avi to Jake to let him know he 's been conned . < br /><br />Anyway , I can add a small positive note to the film by moving on to the dry humour if provides , thankfully of a similar standard to his previous films  . bulls**t ! This film does n't try anything as smart as redeeming itself through some well timed amusing lines , oh no . It somehow managed to be so disastrously unfunny I genuinely did n't hear so much as a titter from a completely packed cinema  and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full a main screen can get , and not 1 person so much as smiled . Maybe he never wanted the film to be funny , and fair enough you can still make good gangster films without comedy , but what was he planning on hanging this film on may I ask ? The unnecessarily baffling plot ! ? ? I sincerely hope not!<br /><br />By far the most satisfying moment I went through last night was hearing the very loud sighing coming from ALL directions of the audience as everyone desperately prayed for the film to end . It was also really quite amusing watching just how fast patrons were fighting and dashing for the exits after they realised it was over , and they were free from their torment!<br /><br />I'll round this off ( I 've got to finish , writing this is making me angry again ) by elaborating on the " end " . I mean sh**t ! The ending  .. no , sorry I ca n't , your just going to have to go and see it . It ca n't be put in words , it just ca n't , and after you 've seen it you 'll know why . Uuhhhhh  shudders 
0 Was convincing the world that he did n't exist ... <br /><br />This is a line that is probably remembered by a lot of people . It 's from The Usual Suspects of course in relation to Kaiser Gold .. I mean Sose .. <br /><br />I got another one like that : -The dumbest trick a director ever pulled was trying to convince an audience he actually had a storyline-<br /><br />This movie is one of the saddest pieces of film - making I have seen in a long time . It starts out so well , with really fantastic cinematography , great acting and a very smart premise . But alas , the only way this movie is heading is on a course of self - destruction . And it does so , not by a single blow but with nagging little wrist - cuts.<br /><br />Pay no attention to the comments here that marvel at the fact that they found a way to explain this donut . With enough booze in my brain I would probably be capable of explaining the very existence of mankind to a very plausible degree . I have seen and read about a dozen totally different ways people explained the story . And they vary from a story set totally in someones head , playing chess with himself , to a cunning way for a criminal to play out his enemies by means resembling chess gaming.<br /><br />And that 's all jolly swell . But at the same time it is a painful giveaway that there is something terribly wrong with this story . And apart from that , it is in any case a blunt rip off of a score of movies and books like " Fight Club , Kill Bill , Casino , The Usual Suspects , Snatch , Magnolia and Shachnovelle . And we are not dealing with kind borrowing here , it 's a blatant robbery.<br /><br />What ultimately goes wrong here in this movie is that the storyline swirls like a drunk bum on speed . If this movie was a roller - coaster ride , you 'd have crashed into the attraction next to it shorty after take off . There are so many twists in this movie which will never be resolved , that if it was a cocktail , you 'd be needing a life supply of hurl - buckets to work of the nausea after drinking it . Nothing is ever explained and when you finally get some grasp of the direction you think it 's going , you get pulled in yet another one.<br /><br />I guess this story was n't going anywhere on paper and Ritchy must have thought that is was awesome to make a movie out of it anyway , being the next David Lynch or something.<br /><br />1/10 for totally violating one 's own work ( Ritchy : seek professional help ) . What could have easily been a gem instead becomes a contrived art - piece , food for pseudo intellectuals to debate on at sundayafternoon debating - clubs . < br /><br />Spare your soul and stomach , avoid at all cost !
0 I do n't think I 've ever felt this let down by a film before . After loving Guy Ritchie 's two previous films ( I do n't count Swept Away - he was pussy blind ) , I was so looking forward to seeing this . < br /><br />The reviews were poor , then again , I do n't trust the press anyway . More worrying was the fact that the internet buzz was that this was a bit of a stinker , so it was with some trepidation I handed over my £ 4.80 yesterday afternoon.<br /><br />I'm not even going to try to explain this film , mainly because I have n't got a clue what was going on and at one point I was honestly close to standing up and asking if it was just me who did n't get it ! < br /><br />Unfortunately I think Ritchie seems to have fallen into his wife 's trap of taking himself far too seriously . It seems it was n't good enough for him to make films with good plots , laughs , snappy dialogue and good characters . It 's almost as if he had a checklist of films he wanted to rip off , here are some of the ones I noticed:<br /><br />The Matrix , Fight Club , Kill Bill , The Usual Suspects , Vanilla Sky ... <br /><br />I think the most frustrating thing is that the performances from the two main actors , Jason Statham and Ray Liotta , were actually very good and it was really the self indulgent story and editing / direction that let the film down.<br /><br />So a big , big thumbs down from me .
0 Okay . Who was it ? Who gave Revolver 10 out of 10 ? Are you tripping of your head on Ecstasy pipes ? There were so many of you . Did you do it for a dare ? Is this some kind of cult ? Or did Guy Richie himself sign up 788 times under different names?<br /><br />Before I say anything else , I 'll say this . Just because you do n't understand a film does n't mean that it 's not great . Maybe you 've had a bad day at work , or you sat down to watch a film after you had a row with your wife and then were n't in the mood . Maybe there 's a more fundamental stumbling block- like you just do n't have the mental capacity or a highly enough developed philosophical sense to engage with it . BUT . And this is a very , very big but . The XXL elephant - sized mega - but to end all buts.<br /><br />PLEASE do n't confuse incoherence for complexity , and please do n't confuse this two hour non - squirter for an interesting film . Really . You may think you are pretty smart . You may even think of yourself as somewhat of a romantic figure : an independent thinker championing a masterpiece against a chorus of sheep - like naysayers . Please do n't . You 're embarrassing yourself . < br /><br />Revolver 's a waste of everyone 's time . If you thought about if for a few minutes , you 'd recognise it too . It was a waste of the cast , a waste of the crew , a waste of the caterers , and definitely a waste of the precious minutes ( you ca n't get them back you know ) of anyone unlucky enough to sit through this unutterable , wretched mess.<br /><br />"No - wait , " comes a voice in the darkness . " You just do n't understand . Its NON - LINEAR . That means the story does n't go in a STRAIGHT LINE . This is actually the COMPLEX and SUBTLE work of an AUTEUR . It addresses difficult EXISTENTIAL questions . And anyway - they slated FIGHT CLUB when it first came out - did n't you hear ? -Because they could n't deal with the COMPLEXITY . They 're eating humble pie now . Bet you hate Lynch films too , doncha ? " < br /><br />Hate to disappoint you , but I am quite a big Lynch fan . I rather like Memento , so a narrative told in an unconventional fashion does n't necessarily fill me with fear . And although I 've only studied it briefly a few years ago , philosophy interests me greatly . I do n't dislike Revolver for these reasons . I dislike it because it purports to be about weighty , big - brained topics but deals with them in such an insultingly superficial way as to be laughable . I 'm not much of a chess player , but Richie 's idea of how chess works seems to be that of a precocious four year old . I dislike it because the characters , without exception , totally alienated me . " Aha ! " cries the Richie apologist . " Guy is cleverly tipping his hat to Brecht ! " Just maybe you 're right . I think its more likely that he just ca n't write a decent script for toffee.<br /><br />Comparing Revolver with Fight Club is actually really instructive . Fight Club has acid - tongued , nihilistic dialogue that makes you laugh . Revolver has stale fortune cookie reject one - liners that make your ears bleed . Fight Club has a great twist that makes you reassess everything that has happened . Revolver has , as far as I can tell , several incomprehensible twists that offer no satisfaction because ... well , they do n't make sense . If you keep pulling the rug out from under people , they eventually kick you out of their house . And then they lock all the doors and windows . And they never let you back in . Ever.<br /><br />Guy Richie seems to assume that being philosophical entails repeating a mantra of little buzz - phrases . Mostly they are spoken , but often they flash up on the screen with attributions . It 's almost pathological.<br /><br />But what makes this film particularly notable is the way in which something so incomprehensible can be married so neatly with all tired gangster clichés in the world . Ultimately its so inconsequential . You do n't care about anything . You do n't understand anything . You go home.<br /><br />Actually , there was a bit I really liked : the uptight assassin who has a crisis of confidence . He 's great . But I ca n't recommend you see the film just to see him . He 's only in it for a few minutes.<br /><br />Please believe me . It 's horrible .
0 I would rather of had my eyes gouged out with rusty ice picks than have had to sit through this abortion . There is no plot . There is no acting ability . Ray Liota has shamed himself and should be blacklisted from any more work . I am so sorry that the industry allows crap like this to be shown on any type of medium . < br /><br />Rumor has it that Maddona threw herself to the floor to break her other arm so she could be taken away on a stretcher . Actullly , she deserves to be married to this loser and wanna - be - actor - director . I hope she stays in London and never returns to the USA . Please do not waste your money on this so called film . I beg of you .
0 Let this film serve as the death knell to the " big twist " films borne out of the 1990s . Known in some circles as The Kyser Soze Syndrome , this cinematic slight of hand has now been done to death by M. Night Shayamalan and even Ron Howard used a variation in A BEAUTIFUL MIND . However , in REVOLVER , director Guy Ritchie ( known in some circles as " Mr. Madonna " ) , utilizes the Soze motif in a far more obsequious manner . < br /><br />Jason Statham ( with a highly questionable head of hair ) stars as Jack Green ( known to all as " Mr. Green . " ) He may or may not also be criminal mastermind Mr. Gold . Or , perhaps Mr. Gold is an irritable spirit who can possess members of the underworld . I 'm not quite certain , but I certainly do n't care . REVOLVER is one of the most overwrought examples of cinematic excess I 've had the displeasure to endure in quite a long time . Witness the fractured time structure , the painful jump cuts , the ceaseless inner - monologues , and the painfully pretentious animated sequence . This " everything and the kitchen sink " directing style makes Quentin Tarantino 's oeuvre look sedate . The cinematic smoke and mirrors only lead me to believe that Ritchie was as bored telling this trite tale as I was watching it.<br /><br />The film is filled with moments of revelation that are supposedly shocking but they only come as news to Mr. Green . I wanted to like Green as I always enjoy Stratham as a character who is two steps ahead of everyone else . Here , though , he struggles along like a remedial reader in a University English Literature class . His lack of wit is only matched by the lack of restraint shown by his nemesis , Macha ( Ray Liotta ) . Feasting on scenery like a starving man at a smorgasbord , Liotta spits , cries , and fumes through the film in an embarrassing display of overacting and leopard print speedos . < br /><br />There are no redeeming qualities to REVOLVER . It 's yet another filmic faux pas from Ritchie and might even outdo his wretched remake of SWEPT AWAY as his worst film yet .
0 Its like if you took the general themes of The Usual Suspects and Fightclub , take away all their style and class and mixed them together with a lot of pretentious new wave " i 'm intellectual so my movie must be hard to make sense of " film maker rubbish , mashed in a few extra styles for good measure , chopped off the ending , there you have Revolver.<br /><br />Yes , I did think about it for a little bit after watching , and yes it did kind of make sense , however that does n't stop it being garbage.<br /><br />Waste of money . Waste of time.<br /><br />Up there as the worst Movie I have ever seen , with not even a bad movie novelty value to redeem it a little .
0 This movie is now my gauge against which all other movies will be compared ... as in , " was it as stupid as Revolver ? " I too was in the Toronto International Film Festival audience last night where a room filled with over 2000 people walked out in an eerie silence after being absolutely dumbstruck by 2 hours of sheer nonsense . Jason Stratham would have been amazing if only he had a purpose . Within the first 10 minutes he 's given a proposition by Andre 3000 and Big Pussy ( of Soprano 's fame ) which makes NO SENSE AT ALL ! Then there 's some shooting and then there 's Ray Liotta wearing embarrassing bikini briefs , then there 's some animation , Ray Liotta 's naked butt , lots of shooting , teeth gnashing , art house wanna be pretensions and more of Liotta 's embarrassing body that elicited laughs at every showing ... which I 'm not quite sure was the reaction he was looking for ... not 5 times anyway . Everyone in this movie thinks they 're smarter than the average bear and Guy Ritchie thinks he 's Yogi Bear incarnate . The story lines might have went nowhere but the posturing was outta sight ! The only way this movie could have been worse is if Madonna herself was in it .
0 When Ritchie first burst on to movie scene his films were hailed as funny , witty , well directed and original . If one could compare the hype he had generated with his first two attempts and the almost universal loathing his last two outings have created one should consider - has Ritchie been found out ? Is he really that talented ? Does he really have any genuine original ideas ? Or is he simply a pretentious and egotistical director who really wants to be Fincher , Tarantino and Leone all rolled into one colossal and disorganised heap ? After watching Revolver one could be excused for thinking were did it all go wrong ? What happened to his great sense of humour ? Where did he get all these mixed and convoluted ideas from ? Revolver tries to be clever , philosophical and succinct , it tries to be an intelligent psychoanalysis , it tries to be an intricate and complicated thriller . Ritchie does make a gargantuan effort to fulfil all these many objectives and invests great chunks of a script into existential musings and numerous plot twists . However , in the end all it serves is to construct a severely disjointed , unstructured and ultimately unfriendly film to the audience . Its plagiarism is so sinful and blatant that although Ritchie does at least attempt to give his own spin he should be punished for even trying to pass it off as his own work . So what the audience gets ultimately is a terrible screenplay intertwined with many pretentious oneliners and clumsy setpieces.<br /><br />Revolver is ultimately an unoriginal and bland movie that has stolen countless themes from masterpieces like Fight Club , Usual Suspects and Pulp Fiction . It aims high , but inevitably shots blanks aplenty.<br /><br />Revolver deserves to be lambasted , it is a truly poor film masquerading as a wannabe masterpiece from a wannabe auteur . However , it falls flat on its farcical face and just fails at everything it wants to be and achieve .
0 I heard this film was much more stylistic than the films director Guy Ritchie ( Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , Snatch ) had directed before , the problem is , it is possibly too stylistic . Basically Jake Green ( Jason Statham ) is released from prison after seven years in solitary , and within two years he gambles loads of his money . He is ready to seek revenge against the violence - prone casino owner who got Jake sent to prison , Dorothy ' Mr. D ' Macha ( Ray Liotta ) . In the process , doctors tell Jake that he has three days left to live as he is dying from a rare blood disease , oh , and Macha puts hit men on him . Loan sharks Zach ( Vincent Pastore ) and Avi ( André Benjamin ) are demanding Jake pays their cash back , and do some odd jobs for them . The film is filled with Jake narrating through some flashbacks , and through his last three days before coming to the big revelation about Zach and Avi , and Macha , well , I assume that 's what it was . Also starring Terence Maynard as French Paul , Andrew Howard as Billy , Mark Strong as Sorter , Francesca Annis as Lily Walker , Anjela Lauren Smith as Doreen and Elana Binysh as Rachel . The are sequences involving a little bit of animation , repeating lines twice in different perspectives , and changing speeds for moments , and all of these are irritating to the point of confusion and boredom , making it a silly crime drama . Pretty poor !
0 There are so many comments on this film , yet I found them to be misleading . This a corner - cutting , over - used scenario where a normal human being becomes a partner in crime to someone of the opposite sex for no apparent reason . Boy meets girl . Girl holds boy up at gunpoint for something ridiculous . Boy is intrigued . < br /><br />You know the drill : The antagonist turns out to be a wild , free spirit instead of a sociopath ... Toss in a few words of wisdom from Alice Drummond and you have a recipe for Love . Sheedy 's ' is she crazy or does she just need a hug ? ' role from The Breakfast Club simply reeks as a lead character . And all that is left is a truly ghastly turkey of a movie .
0 had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book , oo err ! claustrophobic terror ensues , etc . < br /><br />but there did n't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea . rather than chilling / physcological horror , it relied on effects out in the open- fire and OTT body horror- , which did n't scare at all if your over 12 . < br /><br />The logic at the end is ridiculous , with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount . waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.<br /><br />obviously low budget , which does n't spoil it , the film really goes nowhere , and- icant believe i m going to say this- it needs a Hollywood remake . you simply loose interest in this version . definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable / entertaining , malefique is n't watchable to the end to be honest . and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film . really really disappointing- impossible to recommend .
0 ( Spoiler included , some would say)<br /><br />This film is not possible to take seriously . At some parts it is so awfully stupid that I just ca n't help laughing at it all . Try me for the sequence where Stallone 's character jumps some 20 meters with full climbing gear or ( and this is really my favorite ) snuffs a bad guy by sticking him onto a stalactite . Yeah , what ungodly strength did he muster to accomplish such feats ? I dunno , but he sure gives reality a run for the money .
0 Once in a while , a movie will sweep along that stuns you , draws you in , awes you , and , in the end , leaves you with a renewed belief in the human race from the artistry form . This is not it . This is an action movie that lacks convincing action . It stinks . Rent something else .
0 This is one of the worse cases of film drivel I have seen in a long while . It is so awful , that I am not sure where to begin , or even if it is worth it . The plot is the real problem , and I feel sorry for ' Sly ' as he puts in a decent performance for his part . But that plot ... Oh dear oh dear . I particularly love the way near the end he manages to pop from the foot of a mountain to the top , whilst the helicopter is on the way . A climb of a day or two takes him all of five minutes ! I could go on : but it is n't worth it . Apart from the grim opening ( which even a five year old would be able to predict the outcome of ) the rest is drivel . Sorry folks , but this is about as bad as film making gets .
0 Oh , what a bad , bad , very bad movie ! Cowritten by and starring Sylvester Stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock - climbing scenes , vertigo , falling , and scene - chewing villains and a botched airborne heist . There are two plots , both lame . One involves a traumatic failed rescue , and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty , and killing various harmless people whenever possible . The usually reliable John Lithgow , perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product , is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he does n't care " Bostid ! " in a vague approximation of an English accent . Janine Turner , who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played Maggie on Northern Exposure , is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot . Stallone is stolid and muscle - headed . No deathless lines in this one . No living lines , either .
0 If you like the standard Sly flicks that involve over the top action , unbelievable stunts ( unbelievable is not intended to be complimentary here ) , and retarded dialogue ; you will love this steaming pile of mountain goat dung . I had high hopes based on the trailer . I thought that Stalone was going to be forced in his " has - been " days to yield to smarter people and make an action film that would place a credible hero in a credible situation where the story , setting , and ( believable ) action would prevail . I crave action that is at least close enough to reality that you can imagine the fear and excitement that would come from such an event . My limited knowledge of hypothermia and its effects rendered at least one scene laughably ridiculous . Judge Dredd is only better because you know going into the theater that you are going to see a comic book made into a movie . The character , setting and everything else are beyond comparison to anything we might encounter ourselves . Cliffhanger on the other hand turns a mountain climbing guide into Rambo before you can say " yo , Adrian ! "
0 I am still shuddering at the thought of EVER seeing this movie again.<br /><br />I have seen action films , I have even liked quite a few of them , but this one goes over the top.<br /><br />Not only does it have the worst male actor ever ( Sly Stallone ) playing the lead role , but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning ( why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground , would be hell of a lot easier ) that it requires a person with IQ less than his shoenumber to believe it . < br /><br />Furthermore , the plot has no real twists at all , a three year old kid could guess what comes next . It is a set of cliches ( of action genre ) , with Sly performing even worse than his other movies ( he was better even in Rambo III if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film ) . Now there is an actor who ca n't act A ) surprised B ) sad C ) anything else than his basic face . < br /><br />I would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it . EXPLOSIONS are outstanding , but then ... you can see better on the 4th of July . LANDSCAPES are magnificient , but then ... there are documentaries about the Alps and Himalayas , so you can see better sights that way , rather than waste time on this flick.<br /><br />Go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .
0 Let me start by stating that I usually do like Renny Harlin 's directing style , for the most part , and that the cinematographer should be commended for some the shots . Unlike Harlin 's " Elm Street 4 " , and " Die Hard 2 " which I really liked , there is something that is missing from this movie . That , my friends , is a script . The dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful , but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity . There are so many awful lines in this movie , I do n't even want to have to remember any of them . Not just that but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited toward a bad porn movie than an action adventure . It 's almost like Harlin thought that if they slowed down the words being said , they could improve the script . Wrong again.<br /><br />The sad part is that there is some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogue . Stallone has never been a favorite of mine , but when he is acting circles around Lithgow , Turner , and the worst of the bunch Rooker , there is something wrong with this picture . Lithgow played one of the best villains in " Ricochet " , yet comes across as someone who ca n't act to save his life here . How is that possible ? I 've always been a huge fan of his and he gets schooled in acting by Stallone , who himself still phoned - in his performance . Turner 's part is so small and pointless , but she still manages to appear lost on screen . Michael Rooker CAN act . I know this because I have witnessed it in " Days of Thunder " , but he seems like he is READING his lines from cue cards . Has it come to this ? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes together where they are speaking , I just wanted the movie to end right there , or have them both amazingly find their acting ability . Unfortunately , neither of those things occurred.<br /><br />Which brings me back to Harlin , who can be the only one to really blame for this mess other than the screenwriters . It 's his fault that I was never drawn into this movie at all , because he should have made the people actually act . The script is not very good , but still the actors ' performances are what destroys this movie and that has to lie with the director . I do n't care how much was paid for the special effects , which for the most part are good , you still ca n't just sacrifice the movie with terrible acting . < br /><br />Plus , the pacing of this movie seems to be off . The opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done , but how are you supposed to care about the outcome of the heist at all . I mean I understand that they were trying to create tension with all of the bells and whistles of the plane scene , but I really did n't care if they got the money or not in that scene . If the bad guy 's would have won early , maybe I would n't have had to witness one of the worst movies ever !
0 There are some Stallone movies I like , but this movie did n't meet my low expectations . I found this movie hard to believe . For example , a bunch of terrorists who crash land in the wilderness are prepared to survive for at least two days . Also , in all this wilderness Stallone and company keep running across bridges and ladders that provide convenient short - cuts or plot devices . Also , the Treasury cops do n't seem to coordinate anything with the local rescue people . Also , bad guys who could n't hit the side of a barn with really high - tech looking automatic weapons.<br /><br />I liked John Lithgow 's villain initially , but the character is such a complete psychopath that he does n't care at all about any of his own bad guys , or all of them getting killed . Eventually I just could n't believe the character anymore.<br /><br />Not worth the price of a rental , not even worth taking the time to watch .
0 I saw this movie with my rock climbing instructor , and we found the entire thing so ridiculous as to be beyond pity . ( For one , if Stallone is out free - climbing by himself , there 's no need to carry any gear , but I guess those dangling carabiners look sorta " mountain climby , " so let 's throw them in ) . For those lobotomized folks who think that Colorado looks anything like the Dolomites in Italy ( where the movie was filmed ) , well the Hollywood moguls have got a lot more ridiculous & foul - smelling stuff for you to swallow .
0 I do n't know who wrote the script for this movie , but from the first moment on , I was irritated . Of all possible decisions they could make up in the mountains , why do they make the decision , which is the most dangerous of all ? Why do the criminals act dumb , although they managed to get a huge amount of money out of a bank and get away with it ? Why does n't the main criminal land the helicopter , shoot Stallone , grab the money and fly away with the chick as a hostage ? And there are more cases of illogical behavior . I 'd give this movie 5 points for nice action and great landscape scenery , but due to the illogical behavior of the characters , I just can give this movie 1 point ...
0 There is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film : Major Chick Davis ( Pat O'Brien ) . O'Brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets -- the bombardier . But he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly . In fact , he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military . He 's tough when he has to be , yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor , roles he perfected in other films . His character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves . O'Brien seems natural in the role , and plays it in fine fashion . Two things help this movie : O'Brien 's performance and the spectacular special effects ending .
0 Basically a typical propaganda film for the last good war . But there were a couple things that struck me . First was the use of mouthed epithets . In two cases the Scott character mouths one , once at the beginning when he drops his bomb off target during the bomb - off ( " dammit " ) and once when he is trying to sway a bombardier into being a pilot ( " s*%t " ) . I could be wrong about the second instance but I replayed it several times and that 's what it looks like to me . The third case is when the Anne Shirley character wishes the O'Brien character goodbye and good luck ( " Give 'em hell " ) over the roar of the engines . She must have thought that was too unladylike because she clearly says " heck " . I also found interesting the character that has moral problems with bombing , specifically bombing civilians . The avuncular superior officer assures him that only military targets will be hit due to the precision of the bombsight used . Given what we know about the LeMay 's later strategy of firebombing Japanese cities into oblivion this scene plays with not a little irony . I remember McNamara 's quoting of LeMay in " The Fog of War " , something to the effect that if the US did not win the conflict he would be tried as a war criminal . The ending is way overwrought , in keeping with the movie . It reminded me a bit of the end of White Heat ( I 'm not comparing the films , just the ending ! ) . Maybe it 's just 'cause he gets blowed up . Blowed up real good ! ! !
0 Philip . K. Dickian movie . And a decent one for that matter . Better than the Paycheck ( Woo ) and that abomination called Minority Report ( Spielberg ) . But lets face it , the twisting and cheesing ending was a bit too much for me . Half way through the movie I already started to fear about such kind of ending , and I was regrettably right . But that does not mean that the film is not worth its time . No , not at all . First half ( as already many here have commented ) is awesome . There are some parts where you start to doubt whether the director intended to convey the message that showmanship is highly important thing in the future ( we will do such kind on corny sf things because we CAN ) or is it simply over combining . But the paranoia is there and feeling " out of joint " also . Good one .
0 Jeremy Northam struggles against a " Total Recall " clone script and disposable romantic by - play to bring life to a confused character . Lucy Liu graduates her acting from a wooden start to a workman - like finish . You ca n't fail to laugh when viewing her interviews on the DVD when she uses the term " Femme fatal " and " Romance " . French film - noir actress she is not and they lack chemistry together.<br /><br />This movie fails , not in the plot or the action sequences but in the lack of attention to detail in the films photography and ham - fisted portrayal of the world of technology surrounding the main protagonists . Little attempt is made to dress the scenery to represent any contiguous filmic landscape or period . Automobiles are very 1990 's and the architecture barely modern with open plans that hint at a restricted budget rather than conscious set dressing techniques.<br /><br />The technology is positively hilarious . Massive " 2001 : A Space Odyssey " mainframes fed by man - portable CD - ROM 's with data collected for some unexplained reason , in spite of the proliferating communications network that even the most un - savvy technologist today would obviously be aware . There is an obvious lack of research done here and given the open - source nature of the cyber - community , research would have cost little more than a bulletin board and personal time.<br /><br />DVD interviews also reveal the original movie name was " Company Man " but this likely ditched in order to cash in on Matrix hype . The " Cypher " title has only the slightest link with the movie . Terry Gilliam would have done wonders with this concept ; and completely re - written the Decalogue.<br /><br />This is Tele - movie quality and extremely disappointing for a movie length production . It might have made a good sub - plot for " Alias " .
0 I think this film has been somewhat overrated here . There are some things to admire in it ; for one thing it deserves credit for being a science fiction(ish ) film which relies on its story instead of special effects and action sequences to carry the day . The supporting cast is good , the set design and cinematography are good , and the ideas are interesting enough ( though they are beginning to seem a little tired after the many mediocre Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones of recent years ) . But the film is undone by poor characterization , wooden performances from the lead actors , and a laughably bad ending.<br /><br />The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither likable nor unlikable . I realize that part of the story dictates that he should be a bit of a ( wait for it ... ) cipher , but I was utterly unable to work up any empathy for a character that just seemed like a boring , anonymous schlub of a man . What character transformation there is for this sad sack is artificially forced on him by the plot . Lead actor Jeremy Northam succeeds in conveying that the protagonist is confused and hapless , but fails at inspiring any sympathy for him . Opposite him , Lucy Liu does what she can with a character who has no real personality of her own , unless being the embodiment of a spy - movie cliché counts as personality.<br /><br />One of the biggest disappointments of this movie is the ending . I wo n't give any spoilers here , but I will say that a surprise twist at the end was telegraphed pretty clearly at least 45 minutes before it occurred . Further , after being content to be a quirky , idea - oriented movie for the first hour or so , the last few scenes suddenly and terribly devolve into the worst kind of Hollywood pap , complete with big explosions and special effects . The revealing of the film 's McGuffin at the end is poorly done , and at the end the characters seem even less likable than they did before some of the film 's main plot threads were resolved.<br /><br />The movie 's not all bad , though . It does manage to maintain a certain low level of tension throughout most of it , despite the slow pacing ( although I think I have a higher than average tolerance for slow - paced movies ) . And there are some moments when the unsettled , paranoiac feeling that director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to evoke rises to the surface . But in the end , these elements are n't enough to overcome the flaws in the film 's acting and script . There is probably a good movie that covers these same themes and ideas , but this is n't it .
0 ' I 'm working for a sinister corporation doing industrial espionage in the future and I 'm starting to get confused about who I really am , sh*#t ! I 've got a headache and things are going wobbly , oh no here comes another near subliminal fast - cut noisy montage of significant yet cryptic images ... '<br /><br />I rented this movie because the few reviews out there have all been favourable . Why ? Cypher is a cheap , derivative , dull movie , set in a poorly realised bland futureworld , with wooden leads , and a laughable ending.<br /><br />An eerie sense that something interesting might be about to happen keeps you watching a series of increasingly silly and unconvincing events , before the film makers slap you in the face with an ending that combines the worst of Bond with a Duran Duran video.<br /><br />It 's painfully obvious they have eked out the production using Dr Who style improvised special effects in order to include a few good ( if a little Babylon 5 ) CGI set pieces . This sub Fight Club , sub Philip K Dick future noir thriller strives for a much broader scope than its modest budget will allow.<br /><br />Cool blue moodiness served up with po - faced seriousness - disappointingly dumb . This is not intelligent Sci - Fi , this is the plot of a computer game .
0 I watched this film recently on DVD and I have to say I was n't impressed . I know it 's taboo to knock independent films , but this one felt devoid of entertainment.<br /><br />The premise was interesting , but the execution of it fell short . I found myself thinking " okay , they 're just getting into it , the story will pick up soon " . Before I knew it , the film was over and the story never picked up . I ca n't say I found the acting all that impressive either . It was pretty bad . Not Star Wars prequel trilogy bad , but bad nonetheless.<br /><br />I'm not sure what the running time was , I 'll assume two hours ( because it 's a safe estimate ) . Anyway , when the film was finished , I felt as though I deserved some kind of recognition for the will power I exerted in not stopping the film and walking away halfway through.<br /><br />Again , I was thoroughly unimpressed , and eventually bored out of my wits . I 'm not one of those guys who requires fast - paced action and explosions in a film , so do n't start in on me as that being a reason for not liking it .
0 Somewhere inside this movie is a half - hour episode from The Twilight Zone trying to get out . Whereas Cube was taut , well - made , claustrophobic and mind - engaging , I 'm afraid Cypher is a bloated , tedious rehash of several well - worn themes which just do n't add up to much , especially if you have seen almost any other half - way decent sci - fi film before.<br /><br />Cypher manages to drag all the way through its relatively short 95 minutes right to the incompetent ending . None of the characters spark off each other , and for a film made in 2002 the technology is truly cheesy . It is difficult to connect this tired and uninspired movie with the director of Cube . It 's not a bad movie , but it is most definitely not a good one.<br /><br />When you 've watched the grass grow and paint dry and are bored of your stick insects then by all means watch this film , but the other activities will probably prove more stimulating .
0 Despite the overwhelming cult following for this sad " documentary , " I must admit to having cordially loathed the film which struck our party as far more a distressing exploitation piece than usefully informative . That said , after seeing the magnificent stage musical drawn from it , one can appreciate what the film might have been in surer hands . < br /><br />One suspects that those many of us who actively suffered through the film may have had any campy delights its crueler fans enjoyed destroyed by the uncomfortable suspicion that too many of us - or those we know - are only a misstep or two away from the deplorable plight of the two mad women depicted who live in and contribute to a squalor they seem incapable of controlling or escaping.<br /><br />The film leaves the viewer desperately wondering how any person could have slid to this level of degradation and , unlike the musical , offers no cautionary clues or explanations , only a horror show unredeemed by humor or insight . < br /><br />This soul crushing flatness of the film makes the achievement of the stage version ( hopefully to be filmed ultimately for cable ) all the more remarkable . Act II is faithful in almost every detail to the film under discussion but strangely , setting the sad inmates ' plight to music , raises the human tragedy to art . Even more important , this act is preceded by a fine Act I where we meet the women before their decent into mutually enabled madness , and are offered hints how their isolated purgatory came about . In short , everything which the FILM is lacking.<br /><br />To the filmmakers ' credit ( or their successors ) , the excellent Criterion DVD release includes out - takes and bonus material that partially redeem the main film - behind the scenes photographs , interviews and commentary - filling in some of the blank spots the original editing consciously decided to omit in its drive for unadulterated horror and depression . They ca n't make the amateurish film itself satisfying , but they can at least make it a bit more comprehensible . < br /><br />Ultimately though , it is only the remarkable stage piece inspired by and drawn from it by book writer Doug Wright , composer Scott Frankel and lyricist Michael Korie which raises the rating of the original GREY GARDENS above a single ( generous ) star .
0 A low point in human interaction was reached by the Maysles Brothers with this film . Do remember , you who used words like " masterpiece"when reviewing this film , that these Maysles creeps did n't just happen to drive to the Hamptons and happen to shoot film on some eccentric people . No , when they found these two poor pathetic people they then had to finance their project ( and imagine what they told the money people to sell the project ) . Then they befriended the two extremely vulnerable women . No meeting of minds here or real consensual participation . These wretched Maysles smiled , kissed ass , did whatever they had to to get the Beales to cooperate and then exploited them as viciously as has ever been done . One would like to think that these hustlers had occasional thoughts of remorse and guilt . But the film - making process , given the preplanning , actual shooting and then editing took a lot of time and their goal had no provisions for actually relating to the Beales as human beings . An exploitation film perpetrated by the vilest of people . As time accrued their film - making reputation has been seriously stained by what they did here . Their reputation as human beings is execrable . That is what people will remember them as . Grotesque hustlers .
0 I would n't be so quick to look at all the good reviews and say this might be a good show .. This show is only good if you do n't know what " talent " is .. I wo n't even say how offensive it is ( I know it can be offensive to a lot of people ) because that s not really what bothers me about the show .. What bothers me is that people watch this and think it 's funny .. It makes me feel like our generation is getting to stupid and I 'm actually scared that it will one day be run by people who watch this garbage .. <br /><br />Basically the plot is simple .. it 's about an offensive , self centered , spoiled women(Sarah Silvermen ) getting through everyday life .. <br /><br />Thats it .. Like that has n't been done a million times .. In fact almost every joke either has been done or is racist .. <br /><br />Sarah also likes to sing .. I like her voice .. thats it .. not the lyrics .. The lyrics are dreadful .. which she likes to sing about a lot of things .. <br /><br />If you like to see a hot women put everyone else down and make them feel like crap while at the same time farting and saying crap about every race then this show is for you ..
0 Comedy Central has a habit of putting on great programs at times - Chappelle 's Show , The Daily Show , Colbert Report , and then there are those that some people love or hate - Stella , Dr. Katz . Then there are some shows that have their defenders but are just plain awful- Mencia , and now , Sarah Silverman.<br /><br />This show is based on the fact Silverman is self - Centered , which can be funny ( Colbert Report ) but can be horrible ( Mind of Mencia ) . It should shock no one that I believe the latter is the case . This show is a parody of a sitcom and society , a program so absurd it loses itself in its absurdity and it simply is n't funny . A woman farting has been done in comedy many many times because its not something that 's common . We do n't need 25 minutes of it . When a criminal is disarmed by a queef , it simply loses its appeal - we saw it in Jay and Silent Bob Strike back , except the women were hotter , and the whole scene was more absurd , making it better . But the best comparison of this show is to Stella , except Stella was more subtle , which is what made the absurdist comedy funny . It had better acting , and I suppose , a bit more of a fantastical realist view.<br /><br />Perhaps the fact some reviews are so negative ( I 'm very skeptical of the critical acclaim but do not dispute fan reaction ) to this show is the amount of advertising on it , very obnoxious ads through many programs far outdo advertising on for other programs . Many people are wondering why Sarah Silverman has a career , and others are still bitter when better shows have been canceled . This show should 've never made it past the unaired pilot stage . Back to Norm showed far more promise , yet this show makes it further . And as far as critics being correct , many things have been universally panned have seen their status rise immensely . Last I checked , Britney Spears gets good reviews too also . Take that comparison however you want because someone will no doubt accuse me of being psychotic on IMDb for not liking this show .
0 I have given this show ( I have only watched seven episodes ) four stars because most of her jokes / set - ups appear to fail . Some are not funny outright , but some are amusing -- in a 12 year old boy kind of way . She reminds me of that New York painter who throws paint upon a canvas , calls it art and sells it for a lot of money . Silverman throws out what she 's got , including the kitchen sink , while she prays that a few things stick to the wall in her effort to be funny but different.<br /><br />However what she 's " got " often times is not enough , as though she lacks the kind of follow - through a good comedian needs to succeed.<br /><br />The whole enterprise is like an under done potato .
0 And when I watch Sarah Silverman , I get the same results . I love quirky , irreverent humor . BUT this woman is so darned B - O - R - I - N - G , annoying , and yawn - worthy . She 's also totally lacking in anything whatsoever humorous . The deadpan way she tries to deliver her lines is just dead on arrival because she 's just not funny . I watched two segments of her program and was ready for Novocaine.<br /><br />Geez , my kid ( age 19 ) saw her promos on Comedy Central and said she was a " dumb chick . " I thought that was a compliment . The one where she says " Watch my show or I 'll kill my dog , " is actually believable . I know she 's a wanna be comedienne . She just comes across as a warped nut - case . I just do n't ever want to see her around MY dog .
0 Sarah Silverman is really the " flavor of the month " comic right now . Is she really worth all the hype ? Yes and no . She is funny at times , sometimes hilariously so ( her standup routine is actually quite interesting , though not always funny ) . Other times , you 're feeling cheated by the media for overhyping yet another performer . She is one of those really cute comedians that men especially flock to , saying that they dig her intelligence and wit . But if you corner them , most men will admit that they just want to sleep with her , and that 's why they watch her . She reminds me of why many men flocked to Margaret Cho and Janeane Garofalo , even though neither of them are really " hot " now in terms of popularity . Sarah does n't drink or smoke ( at least cigs ) , so she should be hot when she 's 60 , so her fans ( especially the male ones ) can rejoice.<br /><br />As for this show , it 's very much like her comedy . When it works , it 's hilarious . When it does n't , it 's full blown tedium and very , very boring . The AIDS episode here is the best one . It 's consistently funny , and has some really good satire in it . Brian Poeshn 's character has an unhealthy obsession with Tab in one episode , and it 's hilarious seeing him in a Tab T - shirt . But they never really go anywhere with it , and it eventually wears out its welcome . Sarah 's character in the series is rather annoying , the gay couple ( Brian Poeshn and some other guy ) seems tacked on and never really does anything for the show as a whole , and the supporting players ( including Sarah 's real life sister , Laura , who does n't look a thing like her ) are OK . When the jokes hit , they 're brilliant . When they do n't , they 're awful , and I mean really awful . There 's also an obsession with coprophilia here ( aka poop jokes ) , which seems to have replaced actual wit and intelligence in comedy today . So should you watch this show ? If you have a crush on Sarah , go for it . You can gaze at her and pretend she 's yours . As for her show , it 's ranges from good to absolute zero .
0 I understand the jokes quite well , they just are n't good . The show is horrible . I understand it , and that 's another horrible thing about it . The only cool character there EVER was on the show was that one hobo in that one episode , but then I see the other episode including that episode and the show is horrible . It 's not funny , NOT funny ! I do n't want people to say " Only smart people get it " because if they 're so smart why do they judge people they do n't even know and say that they 're not smart or intellectual enough to understand it ? It 's like saying " The sky is red " but never looking outside . But anyways , this is absolutely the worst show I have ever seen in my life , the jokes are terrible , I mean , you can understand them , they 're just horrible , her controversy is very lame , her fart jokes and other jokes on bodily fluids are really dumb and usually consist of really bad acting . I 'm not sure what these " smart " people see in this show , but judging others when they do n't even know anything about any of us is n't exactly a smart comment .
0 Can we say retarded ? This girl has no talent what so ever , nothing but complete garbage . You people are just marking 10 stars because you know most people hate this pathetic woman , if its such a " great " show then why did it get canceled after 6 measly episodes ? exactly . People that support her , please seek help you do NOT know what is funny . Her stand up comedy is just so stupid , seriously how do you find this trash funny ? The show tries to poke fun at stereo types and other things that are not funny at all . Carlos Mencia is funny and to that stupid poster , he actually has fans and his show is on the air so I 'm sorry your a redneck who doesen't get his jokes . Please give me my 20 minutes of my life back .
0 Comedy Central has had success with original programming using professional comics . The Chapelle Show , Mind of Mencia , The Daily Show and the hugely popular Colbert Report all star professional comics and all are , or in the case of Chapelle Show , were , solid shows . Given that Sarah Silverman is one of the best female comics in the business , I was expecting good stuff when I tuned in.<br /><br />I was so disappointed.<br /><br />There were some mildly funny sequences , but given that the star is the caliber of Silverman , the show could have been much better . It was just the pilot , and hopefully next week 's show will be better . If not , get her some help in the form of better writers for the show .
0 I had just watched one episode of this program and I could n't even get to the end of the program . Every minute I had watched this program my I.Q must of dropped about 10 points . This is basically like a children 's program but with swearing . Not even the swearing and the insults she tells other people made me laugh . Anyways the story must of been written by a monkey and the people who actually put this script for this program through for filming must of been held at gun point and had no choice but to film this retarded , disappointing , horribly acted program . Sarah Silvermann should use the little money she actually made from this program and get some god damn acting lessons .
0 Unfortunately for Sarah Silverman this show does n't compliment her at all . The character is n't even remotely likable and it 's not a situation where you think " oh she 's such i b*tch i love her " just " she 's such a b*tch".This character is just a plain old self righteous , mean , b*tch . Sarah seems to struggle to have to carry this show because she 's the only semi funny one in it . The mood , the dialogue it 's all so damn boring and dry it 's like listening to your grandpa go on and on about the marbles he collected as a kid.<br /><br />The Sarah Silverman Program is so unbelievably boring that i was thinking of changing the channel to watch old repeats of Married With children something that is funny because the characters are so " immoral " and " rude".I'm sorry but i do n't find a show packed with dry humour and corny off the wall story lines about some angry , bitter , loser 's angry , bitter life with her annoying as hell sister and gay friends who sound like Keanu Reeves with a cold anywhere close to funny . I ca n't stand this show even though generally i find Sarah Silverman to be that " I love her cause she 's such a b*tch character " like in School Of Rock , and most of her stand up . I think this show is boring with characters who think being mean and saying and doing things for shock value eg . the constant pube , diarrhea and $ hit in general for laughs . The Sarah Silverman program attempts to be funny and fails it either needs a laugh track or better writers . Someone compared it to South Park but it 's not even close . I've expressed my opinions on The Sarah Silverman Program and wo n't become an annoying troll meaning you wo n't see me being a b*tch and constantly posting stuff like " This show sucks " and " Why is n't this cancelled yet".I do n't like The Sarah Silverman Program if you do enjoy .
0 I remember my parents not understanding Saturday Night Live when I was 15 . They also did not understand Rock n Roll and many other things . Now that I am approaching their age , I still remember , and find I understand many of the things my kids love . But this is pathetic . I can not say I have seen any by Sarah except for a few appearances here and there . They were reasonable . I do not see her as anything special . But this show is just so far below what I expected from her . The IMDb write up made it sound like potential . So , just for that , I started watching the first episode . I turned it off half way through . Anything else is better that that . Jokes that are meant for a 5 year old presented on a supposed adult program . Well , Sarah , this adult is inly moved to turn you off . I just ca nt believe that someone actually financed this insult to comedy . Only good thing I can say is that there are sooooo many bad jokes deposited here , saving other shows from such an embarrassment .
0 I watched an episode . Yes I sat through the entire miserable experience , and I have to say , this brand of comedy is one of the worst you will get . Imagine Peter Griffin , of Family Guy fame . Now imagine Peter Griffin as a(admittedly slim and minus the glasses ) woman , except that he now lacks the something that made him hilarious . Peter Griffin is an idiot , but he does n't know he 's an idiot . Sarah has none of the genuine character , none of the acting ability to pull her character off . Maybe its the trite , formulaic jokes that pull her comedy even lower than her character can take it by herself . Maybe it 's the lack of believable foils . Her insensitive , bigoted persona may appeal to insensitive , bigoted people unlike the mass appeal that Stephen Colbert 's insensitive , bigoted character has . Like Bill O'Reilly , Sarah creates an annoying , unfunny character . She lacks something that is necessary for the genre of satire , let alone for the entire world of comedy . What Sarah Silverman lacks , its noticeable . And when you do n't believe it and identify with it , it 's not funny anymore .
0 Considering its popularity , I found this movie a huge disappointment . Maybe I was expecting too much from this film . After all , it is one of the most well known martial arts films of the 1970s , but I could never figure out why . The story is uninteresting . It is also a very talky movie with sporadic action sequences . My biggest problem with the movie was that the story does not offer a character that I could root for , since the intended hero is an idiot . Director Chang has no sense of style , and he is unable to hide the glaring imperfections found in the narrative . I know this is not supposed to be high art , but I found the movie boring . Definitely not the best example of this much - beloved genre . Its cult status escapes me . I recommend you to skip it .
0 I rarely write reviews for IMDb.com , but I feel compelled to warn potential viewers that this movie is terrible . Just terrible . I like Shaw Bros. movies ( I 'm not a hater . ) , and I had high expectations for this one since I found it listed on many " 10 Best Kung Fu / Martial Arts Movies " websites . ( I 'm now convinced that those 10 Best lists are all cut - and - paste jobs . ) First of all , there 's barely any action in the film . Most of the movie consists of talking about the plot , which is an amazing feat because it 's thin at best . And the action itself may have been impressive back in 1978 , but it 's routine by today 's standards . A special warning to Netflix users : the DVD they ship is terrible ; the picture is horrendous and it 's not even 16:9 enhanced .
0 I do n't buy kung fu movies for a plot . I buy them for fight scenes . A bad plot can be forgiven for excellent fight scenes , but not the other way around.<br /><br />The story was decent , but moved too slowly for my tastes . There were about 3 or 4 mediocre fight scenes throughout , lasting only a couple of minutes apiece . The last fight was a bit longer , but by that point i was so bored i did n't even pay attention to it .
0 Apparently , the people that wrote the back of the box did not bother to watch this so - called " movie . " They described " blindingly choreographed intrigue and violence . " I saw no " intrigue . " I instead saw a miserable attempt at dialogue in a supposed kung fu movie . I saw no " violence . " At least , I saw nothing which could cause me to suspend my disbelief as to what could possibly hurt a man with " impervious " skin -- but here I am perhaps revealing too much of the " plot . " Furthermore , as a viewer of many and sundry films ( some of which include the occasional kung fu movie ) , I can authoritatively say that this piece of celluloid is unwatchable . Whatever you may choose to do , I will always remain < br /><br / > Correct,<br /><br / > Jonathan Tanner < br /><br / > < br /><br />P.S. I was not blinded by the choreography .
0 Having enjoyed Jean Arthur in " The Devil and Miss Jones " , my interest was peaked , so I tried sitting through this second - string screwball outing about an investigation into the death of a jockey -- but I did n't make it to the end . Arthur , photographed in a gauzy , movie - magazine fashion , either wants alimony from ex - husband William Powell or another shot at marriage , but I never felt for her because the character is just a string of wisecracks ( she 's the type of heroine prone to comical curiousness , but once inside a morgue -- like all women in these ' 30 's comedies -- she faints ) . William Powell reportedly had a high time working with Miss Arthur , but you 'd never know it from the end result ; they look awkward standing next to each other , hesitant over their banter . The actor playing Powell 's valet is excruciating , and the pauses for viewer laughs are pregnant with unease .
0 This was my first , and probably the last Angelopoulos movie . I was eager to get into it , as it featured Mastroianni , one of my favorite actors and was a film By Theo , of whom I 've heard a lot . The opening was promising , a long shot over a jeep of soldiers across the Albanian - Greek border . OK ! but that was all . Nothing left . The movie had big holes and I do n't know which to mention first . The main plot of the story is revealed to the journalist by the old woman . during a long walk . It 's like a 15 minutes monologue , killing the action and viewers patience , nothing happening on screen for 15 or even 20 minutes , apart this old lady telling a story . All that is presumed to be shown through action , was simply told to the camera by the old lady . In a moment , the equippe of TV was heading to the bar . They turn the corner and immediately the winter begins ! Probably , shot in different days , continuity leaked . A lot of problems with the story - telling , it went from absurd to irrational never sticking to a style , making the viewer asking questions that never got answers . Poor Mastroianni , given a role which lacked integrity or charm . On the other hand , as many Greeks or Albanians or Balcan people would agree with , the movies showed lot of historic , ethnic , or politically incorrectness , just for the sake of making a movie about " humanity " as a red in another review . A lot more to say , but no time to lose on a poor movie , which was not movie at all , but lunacies of a person impressed on film and paid with state money .
0 Question : how does a bourgeois director treat a subject like immigration ? Answer : by turning it into an existential alienation parable.<br /><br />Yes , we 're back in the early 90s , just after the disintegration of the Eastern block and the subsequent flooding of immigrants in the European Union , and what better way to deal with the subject than making a film about an existentially alienated middle - class journalist , an existentially alienated upper - class politician , his existentially alienated rich wife , and so on.<br /><br />In the background , immigrants are asking for political asylum in an unnamed Greek village near the borders . I guess that way Angelopoulos can show some social awareness , while dealing with the existentially troubled upper - classes . I mean honestly , the scene where some top - ranking army - officer curses his destiny cause he sent his daughter to study in London is enough to make you puke.<br /><br />Anyway , it ca n't be that bad , Angelopoulos is a master of the cinematic art after all , right ? Wrong . It 's at this point when his mannerisms start getting too artificial , sort of like a filtered image in Photoshop . His usual tricks show up : there are blurred windows , blurred lights , a weird wedding , a walk by the river - shore , and people with yellow water - coats . Also Mastroianni breaks new ground for most sleepwalking performance ever . Avoid really . Go for his early films .
0 There is one great moment in * Surviving Christmas * that almost makes it worth the pain : James Gandolfini cracks a shovel over Ben Affleck 's stupid head.<br /><br />This movie serves as yet another unfortunate example of James Gandolfini proving what a great actor he is whilst simultaneously besmirching his career by acting in this film.<br /><br />Young and wealthy ad exec , Drew Latham ( Ben Affleck ) has been inculcated into believing that one must never be alone on Christmas . ( And there , from the outset , is the underlying problem with our suspension of disbelief in this idiotic movie : how many people of Drew 's social standing , in 2004 , truly care one way or another whether Christmas is spent alone or with half the family or with a fifty - dollar prostitute ? ) Storyline finds Drew buying off a family to spend Christmas with , on the condition that they pretend to be his own , insensately ignoring all the indications to the contrary that his money has not bought the emotions he was seeking.<br /><br />For $ 250,000 , a surly suburban truck driver , Tom Valco ( James Gandolfini ) , and his disheveled wife , Christine ( Catherine O'Hara ) , agree to be Drew 's ad hoc family , against protests from their son , Brian ( a very one - dimensional Josh Zuckerman ) and daughter , Alicia ( a very soft - focused Christina Applegate ) . Drew then spends the rest of the movie supposedly recapturing his youth or - something . The messages in this movie are as twisted and illogical as its dry - mouthed storyline . Fraught with overt psychoses , Drew plasters a fake smile on his face and blindly remains in denial against every denigration that he was supposedly buying the Valco family to avoid.<br /><br />Which begs the question : If Drew is paying these people to recapture some semblance of joyous familial emotion , how psychotic must he be to pretend happiness amongst their barbs and mental anguish over his presence ? It is not a case of the Valco family hiding their true feelings and pretending to be happy while around Drew - three of the four members make it patently clear they despise him . Is he so incognizant that he can not see that his money is not buying him the " family " atmosphere he was inculcated into believing was a truth in the first place ? As with all movies this opprobrious , one wonders how * four * screenwriters could possibly get so tangled in their own narcissistic dreams of appearing in a credits sequence that they will overlook any semblance of plausibility , or intelligence.<br /><br />Director Mike Mitchell , who was responsible for * Deuce Bigalow : Male Gigolo * - stop right there . ' Nuff said.<br /><br />Gandolfini and O'Hara somehow manage to shine , proving their mettle amongst this mess . Christina Applegate is willowy and cutesy and blond and fiery in all the right places , scathingly cutting Drew into little strips of carcass for most of the movie , then doing an about - face and falling in love with him because the script tells her to.<br /><br />And I would n't go so far as to say that Affleck is a bad actor , but John Schneider better look over his shoulder . There 's a whole new level of Desperately Seeking Talent in town .
0 I get the feeling that those involved in making " Surviving Christmas " did n't put much thought into the movie . The characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie played like a rough draft of a script thrown together with little but the one - liner concept of a rich guy paying a family to let him spend Christmas with them.<br /><br />Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham , the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy , egotistical advertising executive who buys his way through life . His girlfriend , Missy , leaves him shortly before Christmas because she 's disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas , which she calls " the family holiday , " and the fact that Drew has never introduced her to his family . We later find out that Drew 's father left when he was 4 years old , and his mother is dead , so it 's a mystery why he does n't just say that he has no family , rather than allow his girlfriend to believe that he does n't care about his family.<br /><br />Out of fear of being alone on Christmas , Drew tracks down Missy 's shrink ( why ? I have no idea ) , who suggests he do a forgiveness ritual at his childhood home . When he meets the family living in his childhood home , the Valcos , Drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family , so he can relive his fond childhood memories . He gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter , Alicia ( Christina Applegate ) , because he " does n't have a sister , " and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that they act more like his " real " family . None of this makes any sense once Drew reveals that he grew up with no family but his mother.<br /><br />Also inexplicable is the character of Alicia , who is annoyed that her family accepted Drew 's money , and refuses to play along with his fantasy . But for no good reason , she suddenly starts to like Drew , and in a matter of minutes goes from hating his guts to acting like his girlfriend . Drew is such a complete jerk throughout the movie that even his sad story about the lonely Christmases of his childhood evokes no sympathy ; I almost wish he had finished with , " Just kidding ! The real reason I do n't see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me ! " ( 2/10 )
0 This movie was pretty absurd . There was a FEW funny parts . Its goes right in to the bin of movies in my memory where I think , " Hmm ..... that movie had a few funny parts , but overall , pretty ridiculous plot ( or lack of)." < br /><br />I thought it seemed like Ben was trying a little too hard to be a cooky funny guy . And I did n't understand how he was a self made multi - millionaire and still such an idiot . Anyways , I like Ben Affleck . He makes some crap , but hey , I can forgive him . I mean , I liked Jersey Girl , I did n't think Gigli was all his fault , I like him overall . I guess he 's kinda like the kid you feel sorry for cuz he just ca n't seem to get it right.<br /><br />My advice would be to avoid this flick . It did n't really develop in to a workable plot and Catherine O'hara and Jimmy G. were n't used as well as they could have been . They deserved better . Overall , this movie is NOT Home Alone , it 's NOT A Christmas Story , its NOT Christmas Vacation or any of the other classics . Forever Forgettable .
0 I remember when this was in theaters , reviews said it was horrible . Well , I did n't think it was that bad . It was amusing and had a lot of tongue - in - cheek humor concerning families around holiday time.<br /><br />Ben Affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for Christmas to please his girlfriend . He goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for Christmas . I really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract . That was funny.<br /><br />So , he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read . Of course , the family has a hot daughter for the love interest . And he learns that the holidays are n't so bad after all.<br /><br />Also , the whole doo - dah act was funny , especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy , and the girlfriends 's parents did n't even say anything about it . And the parts where doo - dah is hitting on his " supposed daughter . " FINAL VERDICT : I thought it 's worth checking out if you catch it on cable .
0 Surviving Christmas ( 2004 ) Ben Affleck , James Gandolfini , Christina Applegate , Catherine O ' Hara , Josh Zuckerman , Bill Macy , Jennifer Morrison , Udo Kier , D : Mike Mitchell . Dumped by his girlfriend , a hotshot yuppie does n't want to be left alone on Christmas so he decides to return to his boyhood home , imposing on the dysfunctional family that now lives there and bribes them to pose as his family . An obnoxious and one - dimensional performance by Affleck , who mainly acts with a flashy smile , makes his character come off as a mentally unbalanced creep , but Gandolfini and O ' Hara breathe some life into this mess . Even for farce , its silliness is lumbering , not much makes sense from scene to scene , and its sentimental messages are as phony as Affleck 's grin . 91 min . , rated PG-13 . * ½
0 So , I know that I voted 1 out of 10 but really this deserves no more than half of a star . I hated it . It was so stupid and unrealistic , I ca n't believe any of the stars signed on to make this ridiculously absurd project.<br /><br />James G. and Cathrine O'Hara were excellent in their characters and Ben Affleck and Christina Applegate were just as good too , but the story sucked and I encourage anyone who sees this in the video store to not even bother picking it up and reading the back cover , but to just walk away ... I do n't even want to get into what the movie is about , because it is too stupid to pontificate about.<br /><br />Don't rent this ! It 's horrible ! Horrible !
0 May contain spoilers.<br /><br />I say that , but anyone savvy enough to be reading this can probably figure out every plot turn right from the start.<br /><br />This is not a movie that I liked . I did n't hate it in the way of some movies that insult your intelligence , but it all felt too predictable on its trudge to the requisite happy ending . There were funny bits along the way to be sure , but few were original . At least it did n't go for the gutter.<br /><br />Christina Applegate looks fresh , and Ben Affleck works hard . Their scenes together are actually the only redeeming feature . Everyone else is a cardboard cutout , including , surprisingly , James Gandolfini , who must have made this as a favor to someone.<br /><br />All in all , it 's a harmless , but not inspiring , 90 minutes .
0 This movie is terrible . TERRIBLE . One of the worst movies ever . I can not even imagine Gigli being worse that this . Previews made us say " NO " , but then looking for something amid the dreck out there right now , we decided to go ahead and give it a shot.<br /><br />STUPID US.<br /><br />Affleck is NOT an actor . He 's an image and can look good with explosions , but not even the kind Bruce Willis got in " Die Hard " . If he stripped his shirt and ran around fighting bad guys , it would be a comedy.<br /><br />The best part was Catherine O'Hara -- she 's always good . Gandolfini flops again ( if it were n't for The Sopranos , he 'd be washed up ) like he did in " The Mexican".<br /><br />Affleck hogs every scene and as others have said -- no character has any motivation whatsoever for their actions . < br /><br />AVOID THIS MOVIE AT ALL COSTS .
0 I went to see this film at the cinemas and i was shocked when I got in the room . There was only me and my girlfriend ! This shouted to me that this film is not very good . < br /><br />Not to my surprise , the film was dire . Ben Affleck plays a guy who buys a family for Christmas . It is a very predictable narrative with him falling in love with the girl that hates him . His acting is OKish but for the comedy aspect of the film he is not very good . The plot line is poor and the comedy almost non - existent.<br /><br />However , there are some good points . For example , the family is falling apart and the mother is very funny.<br /><br />I hope this review stops other people wasting their money . I was very embarrassed when I came out of the room ! ! !
0 Drew Latham(Ben Affleck)is determined not to be lonely this Christmas . Not only is Drew a millionaire ; but also obnoxious and guilty of being very grandiose . Drew goes back to the home he grew up in and offers the family living there , the Valco 's , $ 250,000 to be his " family " through the Christmas season . Tom Valco(James Gandolfini)is reluctant , but is greedy enough to take Drew 's offer . Christine Valco(Catherine O'Hara)has little to say in the matter , but learns to like having Drew around ... not exactly the same sentiment with daughter Alicia(Christina Applegate ) , but that too has room for change . Drew 's girlfriend Missy(Jennifer Morrison)tracks down Drew and wants her folks to meet his family . Genuine fun is in store as a happy Noel becomes a hilarious dysfunctional nightmare . Other members of the cast : Josh Zuckerman , Bill Macy , David Selby and Stephanie Faracy . Affleck is comedic , albeit strange .
0 Not as bad as you 've heard . There are actually some funny parts and Affleck and Applegate have fairly good chemistry . Applegate , in particular , is appealing and likable as Affleck 's love interest . James Gandolfini and Catherine O'Hara are consummate professionals . They 're pretty good in just about everything . In the end , " Surviving " is not the worst holiday movie you 'll ever see . < br /><br />Unfortunately , it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced . The attempts at dark humor come off as dour . Affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed . His character 's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to Gandolfini and O'Hara 's more muted , believable performances . Even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies , you never fully buy into the set - up of Affleck " renting " this family for X - mas.<br /><br />There are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness . The X - mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor ( a son being discovered looking at naked , provocative pictures of his mother ) that not only is n't funny or believable but disturbing.<br /><br />To make matters worse , the colors in this film are muddy , almost noirish . The house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap.<br /><br />"Surviving " is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds ( Paycheck , Gigli , Jersey Girl , and this ) for Affleck . It remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be .
0 I liked it , i really did . Please do n't think that i 'm an idiot but i have to admit that i enjoyed this film . I expected it to be crap , it was crap , but sometimes its OK to relax and watch a crappy film that you do n't have to concentrate too much on is n't it ? I did n't expect any hidden meanings or morales , and there was n't any , but that does n't matter because i only watched it for entertainment , and it did entertain me throughout . Films like this are why the Ben Stillers ( excusing ' there 's something about Mary ' ) and the Vince Vaughns ( however you spell his last name , i could n't be bothered checking)have jobs . It 's OK to watch a crap film as long as you do n't expect too much from it , and i for one shall take a stand , jog , perhaps run , but not drive because i do n't have a car , to Blockbuster Video , or even Choices , and rent a bunch of these toilet humoured films and stay in one night watching them . Good day to you reader . P.s if you do not say that this comment helped you then i do n't like you , if you do say it helped then god bless you , you will go to heaven .
0 I have to admit I laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie , but it 's already moving out of my short - term memory . In a career that is sliding rather swiftly toward tabloid obscurity , Ben Affleck , once a promising comic character actor who became enmeshed in the Hollywood publicity machine to recreate himself into a romantic leading man . Judging from this film , the transformation does n't seem to be taking , as he continues to lack the gravitas that would make him credible in such parts . While his buddy Matt Damon takes on smart roles in films like " Syriana " , Affleck appears in this type of commercial pap . At least the superficial character of successful but lonely advertising executive Drew Latham suits Affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried.<br /><br />Directed by Mike Mitchell ( whose most famous film is 1999 's " Deuce Bigelow : Male Gigolo " ) and scripted by no less than four screenwriters ( always a bad sign ) , the flimsy plot revolves around his character 's need to " rent " a family living in his childhood home in order to live out his fantasy of having the old - fashioned Christmas he never had . The concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality we are all directed to feel amid the frenzied commercialism around the holidays . The real problem , however , is that the movie feels like an extended sketch lacking any logic or authentic emotional resonance . Affleck seems to be on overdrive attempting desperately to be lovable , but the net result is an exhausting turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill - conceived films . Fortunately , he has the likes of James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara playing the Valcos , the couple who decide to accept Drew 's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents.<br /><br />Gandolfini plays Tom like a gruff , non - violent relative of Tony Soprano , but he does what he can in the role . From her classic SCTV Days to Christopher Guest 's mockumentaries , O'Hara is always a comic gem no matter the vehicle , and unsurprisingly she earns the best laughs as Tom 's wife Christine , whether dryly delivering a one - liner or posing in an inch of make - up for a dominatrix photo shoot . In what is becoming her standard screen role , Christina Applegate plays their mistrusting daughter Alicia , who of course becomes Drew 's love interest . Despite some good moments where she is enjoying the deceit of playing Drew 's sister in front of his girlfriend 's family , her character seems to change in lightning - flash strokes making it hard to see what Drew would see in her . The story spins completely out of control by the last third with one contrived situation piled on top of another until plot strands are tied together in short order . It 's rumored that much of the movie was improvised since there was no finished shooting script . It shows , but I also have to admit I stuck with it to the bitter end .
0 This thing is horrible . The Ben Affleck character is self - centered and gleefully sadistic -- punch - you - in - the - nose fratboy sadistic . And he 's the romantic HERO ! His cartoonish character does not change from beginning to end , but his money ultimately allows him to buy happiness.<br /><br />If I were a Socialist , I would screed beyond belief , but I 'm not a Socialist.<br /><br />We capitalists like a little Christmas magic from time to time . This ai n't magic . I do n't know what it is . It 's just awful . And it 's a horrible waste of talent . O'Hara has been making me laugh hysterically since the late ' 70s . Gandolfini . Applegate . These people were all underused . If Ben was out of the equation , these folks might have dreamed up something excellent .
0 This is quite possibly the worst Christmas film ever . The plot is virtually non - existent , the acting ( Affleck in particular ) is poor at best . Ben Affleck fans will probably defend this film but deep down they must agree . As far as I could gather the plot consisted of Ben Affleck , a millionaire salesman , is told by a shrink to go to a place that reminds him of his childhood and burn a list of things he wanted to forget from his childhood . On doing this he ends up paying the family currently living in the house to be his family for Christmas ... and that is it . The film goes on and eventually he gets together with the daughter of the family .... blah blah blah .
0 James Gandolfini is a good actor so what ever did he take a role in this piece of unfunny rubbish . Affleck is just a lightweight who just ca n't cut it , the rest of the cast are truly unforgettable . I saw this in the USA in an empty theatre , I soon knew why the place was empty after about 10 minutes . I walked out before the end it was so bad , so imagine my surprise when back in England I saw the movie had a glowing report from that yoyo " Paul Ross " in one of the down market Sundays . I always rely on Ross to save me money on cinema tickets , if he says the movie is good , I get straight on this very website to check it out . This movie should have gone straight to £ 1.99 DVD in a supermarket near you .
0 this movie had more holes than a piece of swiss cheese . Ben Affleck was seriously NOT trying to act in any way , shape , or form . He outright sucked . Nothing about the movie was believable . The first problems were in the intro- where the man gives everything of value to the Salvation Army Santa Claus but it does n't show why . And then the granny sticks her head in the oven- really beautiful , and has absolutely nothing to do with the movie- it 's not even in the same tone as the movie . There was no explanation of the motivation for Ben Affleck to choose the house he chose ; there was not any believable reactions by the family he chose ; and people are swayed here and there without any cause to be swayed ( Example : Christina Applegate and Ben Affleck 's characters go tobogganing down a steep slope- this is the incident that makes her suddenly fall in love with him . Riiiight ... ) Anyway , there was a funny moment or two- but they were a rarity in the movie . It seriously needed another rewrite ( or 4 ) . Hope you enjoy !
0 As with most of Ben Affleck 's movies , the comedy is dry and story is predictable . That is if you want to call this a story . Many points were left connected with no thought at all . I want to thank the director for not explaining the points better . I say that because , that would mean the torture would have lasted longer . As for any of Ben Affleck 's failures , this one is no exception and is survivable only by the other actors . Even then , the acting for the most part was contrived and was not believable . The trip down memory lane with actors I have not seen in years was not worth the price of admission . All thought it should be told , they too are quickly joining the ranks of the " has - been " . My choice was to wait for my car to be fixed or watch this movie . I made the wrong decision . All in all I would give it a one laugh ... mainly because that is all I got out of it .
0 While filming an 80 's horror movie called ' Hot Blooded ' , the director is brutally murdered and the leading lady is scarred as she survives the attack and manages to kill murderer . After all of this , the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to gather dust . So a group of filmmakers decide to pick up where the film left off even though they 're warned by people to keep away from the film , as the last person who was interested in the flick turned up dead in the cinema while watching the film . From this it 's labelled as a cursed production . Not taking these warnings seriously the crew goes ahead with the production and they get the original star of the movie to return from Hollywood to reprise her role , but not as the daughter but the mother . But again the murders start occurring with the cast and crew getting butchered by an unknown figure dressed up as the film 's killer.<br /><br />Look what ' Scream ' started ! Hey , I enjoy those films , but mostly everything else that followed on afterwards were annoying and pointless excuses . During this stage the sub - genre came back with vengeance , but it was n't much of a good thing as they were mostly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts , where they followed the derivative pattern of the Scream franchise . ' Cut ' which is an independent Australian take on the textbook slasher genre is purely shonky garbage that lacks basically everything and shamelessly knocks off every other slasher flick . But you know what , I found it a cheesy delight . Yeah , It 's gawd awful and highly forgettable , but it 's a bit of ala good cheap fun while it lasted . Although I did hate it when I originally came across it , but the second time around I knew what I was getting myself into and it worked better for it . It was just like helping myself to a nice slice cheesecake again , but this time it was n't so sweet.<br /><br />The film came out around the same time as ' Scream 3 ' and ' Urban Legends : The Final Cut ' did , which all three follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie . ' Scream 3 ' is obviously the strongest of the three , but I would actually watch this trash over Urban Legends : The Final Cut . Though , it did seem more of a throwback to the 80 's slashers than that of one of Scream 's bastard offspring . Pretty much the film is given b - grade treatment and that shows up in the script and performances . The dialog is truly unimaginative and hardly comes up with any surprises and suspense . While , the performances are pure mockery and Molly Ringwald takes the crown for it . She plays the wash - up actress returning to finish the cursed flick and I had good fun with her laughably ridiculous send - up performance . She provides the bite here and nails it down perfectly . The rest were mostly recognizable Australian TV stars ( that 's if you 're an Australian ) with a ravishing Jessica Napier leading the cast with the likes of Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts . Also pop singer ( and supposed actress ) Kylie Minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked up ! Nice . These teens mostly followed the formula of horny and dim - witted kids that have nothing better to do but to be killed . Sometimes it feels like they just waiting in queue , because they have no real substance to be there.<br /><br />The plot starts off rather interestingly , then heads into a mystery phase where red herrings pop up , but then it makes a sudden u - turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre . Simply it 's rather choppy and when it comes to the explanation for all of this madness I was kind of left thinking   oh my . This when it tries to twist back onto itself in a clever manner , but sadly it falls along way . But do n't you just love an opening ending . Also it sports some pop culture references and a self referential , tongue - in - cheek approach . Predictability makes its way in rather early and the jokes can become over - stated at times , but it knows that by poking fun at itself quite a bit . The atmosphere looses a bit of edge because of the humour taking away the bleakness , but still the isolated grand old mansion where they are filming has some neat touches that added ' some ' spookiness . The cinema scene is done rather nicely too.<br /><br />Now , now we know we want gore and nudity when watching this type of flick , but sadly there 's no nudity to be found and the gore is pretty standard , if lacking but it 's more then decent for such low - budget flick . There are one or two creative deaths , but the rest are systematic . The killer was n't bad but when he spoke it kind of hurt it I thought , well the smart - ass attitude did n't sit well with me . Another notes of the production which were dire ranged from the cut - away editing , out - of - place soundtrack and Kimble Rendall 's direction lacked execution and was pretty careless , but these contributing factors pull together to add some sort of sheer entertainment to all of this badness.<br /><br />The imagination matches the budget that 's for sure , but heck this lousy slasher was n't trying to be anything else . Pure schlock that 's slightly amusing !
0 A student filmmaker enlists a B - grade actress ( a delectably diva - ish MOLLY RINGWALD ! ) to complete the horror film that her mother ( a dreadfully dull Kylie Minogue ! ) tried to make 12 years ago . It 's a curious plot choice to say the least , as any Aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors . The film has a curse on it , because Molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set . But she 's back , because she needs the exposure . Unfortunately , the curse is still there and people start dying on the " set . " Cut is an Aussie attempt at the modern " slasher , " but unfortunately it does n't bring anything new or exciting to the table . In fact , it rips half of Wes Craven 's 90s filmography . Lots of film - world name - dropping a la " Scream " ( except it 's Aussie name - dropping -- Jane Campion ... see how this is n't as funny ) and lots of " is this real or is this a movie " a la " New Nightmare . " The editing is bad , the music is annoying , the effects are laughable , almost everything is bad about this . Fortunately , the film can have a sense of humor : at one point , a well - dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at : " Do n't worry , we 'll treat your house as if it were our own , " to which he responds , " that does n't mean anything to me , you look like you live in a dump ! " Ha ! And Molly 's ridiculous one - liners were enough to not regret renting this one . " You got any diet coke in here ? " ( as she rides in the film professor 's car ) and " Does anyone know where I can buy any tofu ? " ( the first thing she mutters on the set ) and " Where the hell is my agent ? " ( oh wait , that 's what I was thinking for her . )
0 The cover of box of this movie has Kyle Minogue 's name on it , but she has the same destiny as Drew Barrymore did in " Scream . " That 's the first thing that makes this movie lame ; they are trying to market a movie with someone that 's in it for 5 minutes.<br /><br />Of course , we have to have this movie feature young hip college kids that are oblivious that there 's a killer going around . To top it all off , Molly Ringwald of 80 's teen movie fame is the star of this beautifully written film . It 's a good career move for Molly to get some money doing a crappy movie in Australia so she wo n't get ridiculed in the states.<br /><br />Either way , this dumb movie is about some dumb horror movie that was never finished because this dumb creature kills everyone that 's in it . Throughout the movie , we 're supposed to guess who 's the killer . Long story short , remember our little friend Molly , she saves the day ... or does she?<br /><br />This move is just plain bad , rent it if you feel like torturing yourself or just break it on the floor of your local video store if you see it on the shelf . Do n't spread the horror .
0 A slasher flick , made in the early 80 's , has a curse on it which has anyone who tries to finish it turning up dead . Years later , a group of film students attempted to complete the movie - also resurrecting the films deadly curse . Great idea for a film , but sadly ' Cut ' is just another wasted opportunity.<br /><br />Unfortunately Australia has n't had the world 's best track record when it comes to horror . ' Razorback ' ( 1984 ) was an out and out dud as was ' Holwing III ' ( 1987 ) , which was half an American film anyway . As for our foray into comedy - horror , ' Body Melt ' ( 1993 ) is best left forgotten . The problem with ' Cut ' is that the makers trying to create a clever horror satire a la ' Scream ' ( 1996 ) but have no insight into the genre or what makes it work . And although this sounds weird me saying this about a slasher film but what ' Cut ' really lacks is any " heart " . Sure it follows the basic " rules " established by ' Scream ' , but it does n't want to play with the formula , instead it goes for a cardboard copy of the earlier.<br /><br />The killer , Scarman , is probably one of the most boring and uncharismatic villains in horror movie history . His endless barrage awkwardly , lame one - liners would make the dialogue of a porno seem like Shakespeare . The cast never seem like their fully involved and look like their just waiting for a shoot to be over so they can collect their pay checks . And the feel of the film is like it 's deliberately trying not to be creepy ; looking more like an episode of ' Neighbors ' or ' Heartbreak High ' . By the way , those attempts at MTV style , hyper - cinema during the " research " sequence just look lame , dated and out of place.<br /><br />If Australia ever gets a chance to do horror again ( Which I hope we still do ) maybe we should take a leaf from the ' Mad Max ' ( 1979 ) book . Instead of trying to copy the U.S. we should be trying our own take on the genre .
0 Rip off of " Scream " or especially " I know what you did last summer " , there 's some entertainment here , and a little scary , but they needed some originality.<br /><br />An entertainment score ? 6.5/10 Overall ? 5.5/10
0 It seems that several of the people who have reviewed this movie only watched it in the first place because it was filmed near where they live . How 's that for a ringing endorsement ? If this movie was filmed near where I lived I would n't be mentioning it in my review . It is horrid ! Several reviews state that this film is a spoof or tongue - in - cheek horror movie , it is neither . It is sad to see this film reviewed as a comedy as that makes it not only a bad attempt at a horror film but as a comedy as well . I did laugh though , at how unbelievably bad the film was.<br /><br />This movie has 2 good things going for it , the mask and the weapon of choice , unfortunately it would have been more interesting watching an hour and a half of the mask and weapon laying on a table then watching this garbage . The social commentary behind the film is also laughable , juvenile and stupid . Do n't bother with this movie , you 've already wasted time reading this review do n't waste anymore on this movie . Arrggghhh ! It 's infuriating that movies like this even get made . I was expecting the entire cast a crew to be credited to Alan Smithee , a name used when a person , usually a director , does n't want to be credited with a movie because it 's so bad.<br /><br />There is nothing redeeming in this movie , I spent $ 1.19 on the rental and feel I was ripped off . Avoid . 1 out of 10
0 I saw this movie the other night and I have to honestly say it 's one of the worst films I 've ever seen . The acting is fair , but the plot is totally ridiculous . A killer is born because of all the " energy used to make the movie " and if the film is burned the killer will die ? How unbelievable is that ? The characters were underdeveloped to say the least ... for example , all of a sudden the man mentions " Are n't you trying to complete the film because your mother could n't ? " So we 're supposed to go along with this ? We had no idea it was her daughter until half way through the film . The movie really did n't spotlight on anyone , we did n't know anything about the main people who survived except Ringwald 's character was a whiney actress , the guy was on the set when the people died and Raffy wanted to be a director like her mother . Not truly diving in to know who they are . Seemed things were rushed to just get to the killings . The whole plot is entirely too weak for my taste and I was extremely disappointed . Anyone who enjoyed this piece of crap , obviously needs to learn a thing or two about film making . I ca n't believe anyone would agree to star or even work on this picture . It 's not funny , it was not scary and was cliche through the entire film . I found myself predicting what would happen before each scene , which believe you me was n't hard at all to do . It 's a disgrace and I 'm deeply sorry I wasted an hour and a half watching the mess . 1/10 .
0 Slash flicks come few and far between now a days , so when I heard about Cut I had high hopes and heard good things about it . Those good things I heard were all wrong .. very wrong ! This flick is bad and I mean BAD . It 's just plain stupid . Everything about it . Especially the killer 's origin and how he stays alive and how he is taken care of in the end . There is nothing original or outstanding about this flick . Just another slasher wannabe with those " Hip , " " Self aware . " " Movie savvy " characters . I 'm so sick of that crap . Someone do something different cause the slash genre needs new blood , literally .
0 Slasher films are often seen as the derivative , repetitive and frankly unoriginal . I happen to to be a horror movie fan , but this film was just so poor , words fail me . The script is severely lacking , the plot is ridiculous , the acting astoundingly bad . Just an all round stinker , that I wasted time of my life on . This had all the entertainment value of a 15th sequel to a film that was dire in the first place . < br /><br />Who greenlit this mess?<br /><br />I only liked two things in this movie . The first was the killer 's mask - which was nice . The second was the Austrailian affinity with humourous profanity.<br /><br />Save yourself , and avoid this hideous mess .
0 Oh man , does this movie ever bite ! If you were ever afraid of seeing a rehash of the slasher genre , done as cheap as possible and as cautious at the same time ( pc - friendly , means no nudity , a classic element of slasher films ) Cut is it . Every cliche is retread without a hint of self - awareness and the acting . Oh , the acting redefines the word horror . I should have known better as the direct Dutch translation of the title would have tipped me off .
0 " Cut " is a film about some film students making a film . It 's very much in the " Scream " mold , an ironic , self - referential horror flick which , for me at least , falls down because for all its irony , it 's still just a bad horror film , same as the films its referring to.<br /><br />But it was not without its charms . Well , one charm anyway . Molly Ringwald was fantastic as the spoilt , bitchy American actress hating every minute of working with the amateur Australian film crew . She was so convincing that its tempting to believe it was n't an act , although everyone involved with " Cut " says she was lovely to work with . : -)<br /><br />Seriously , every scene of her pouting , sulking or snapping was great . Everyone else , however , wavered between being OK and being terribly wooden.<br /><br />Anyway , " Cut " has some laughs , a few buckets of gore ( some of it surprisingly gruesome ) , and ultimately is .. just another bad horror film .
0 Normally I 'm not motivated to write reviews . But this movie was so excruciatingly painful I feel I must . I cringed at the appallingly predictable plot , the lame acting and laughed at moments which were supposed to be tense . Indeed most of the audience seemed pretty bored and chatty even at the " most tense " moment of the movie . Molly Ringwald stood out as the only performance of any merit in a tortured production . Even the " twist " at the end was n't . I 've heard it said that the movie did n't take itself seriously ; but I could find little evidence of that in the movie.<br /><br />Cut should have been left on the cutting room floor . Do yourself a favour and spend your time and money on something else !
0 This film was made and cast from my home town . I remember the fuss about it and the whole hullabaloo about the fact Molly Ringwald was in town ... <br /><br />Storyline ... <br /><br />Essentially 20 years after a film was " laid to rest " without being finished , a group of film students set out to complete it - with dire consequences . It would seem someone does not want the film completed.<br /><br />The storyline is flimsy . One has to remember that this is a comedy and therefore has to be taken a little tounge in cheek , but it had no real oomph . The characters are mostly transperant and the little info that you recieve about them you just do n't care about , it seems irrelevant . It is weird hearing Kylie 's accent as Australian again and nice to see a kid I went to school with in a starring role . But that does n't redeem the film at all . Goodness knows why the makers thought they would get in Molly Ringwald . Perhaps due to the nature of the film ( it sort of pays homage to 80s films / bad horror films)but really an Aussie actor would have done just fine.<br /><br />As far as casting is concerned a lot of the acting seemed constipated . Some of these kids ( especially the two main chics - they played " director " and " producer " ) looked like they were trying to act . That is never a good look . Also , the shots had a rough feel about them . Over lit perhaps ? Just not as smooth as one is used to.<br /><br />The killer . Lord . Could it be less frightening ? There are some shock factors though , and a couple of gross scenes . I did like the film , but it was not great . It went for 90 minutes but could have gone for less . Perhaps if they had tightened the script it would have been better . They had a lot of characters get killed - but no real build up to them getting slayed . Maybe if they had killed less people and actually concentrated on a scary atmosphere it would have been better.<br /><br />Now I know it is a comedy and elements were funny . Or so unbelieveable they were funny . But I am not convinced.<br /><br />LM .
0 Everyone in this movie tells Raffy Carruthers how talented she is , what a great director she 'll one day turn out to be , etc . I think they 're just being nice . Even Kimble Rendall , who directed this film , shows more talent than she does . " The next Jane Campion " , they call her ; and , even apart from the fact that they 're both over - rated , the two have SO much in common . They both direct movies . They 're both women . They 're both Australian . ( Well , give or take.)<br /><br />Yep : it 's one of those films in which a character is deemed to be brilliant , and we just have to swallow hard and accept it . But I 'll say this for Carruthers : she 's cute . -And fascinating . No , really . Here are some thoughts on her lack of talent:<br /><br />(1 ) Part of a director 's talent lies in dealing with people . Why is Carruthers so phenomenally bad at getting her crew to even take notice of her ? So as to make it easier for everyone to wander off the set and get killed , I expect.<br /><br />(2 ) Why is this one of the most unconvincing depictions of a movie set I have ever seen ? After all , it must have been filmed on a REAL movie set . How could they get it wrong ? If Rendall 's set was half as much of an under - staffed shambles it 's a wonder he completed his film at all.<br /><br />(3 ) Carruthers - the fictional director - has set herself the task of creating a brand new 1980s horror flick . Fat chance . I doubt it can be done these days . I suspect that Rendall - the actual , and more talented , director - set himself the same task , realised it could n't be done , and settled for ( sigh ) knowing parody instead . Of course , it 's not ENOUGH of a parody to work as a parody . As soon as the cast and crew set foot in the isolated mansion the film just spends most of its time doing badly what 1980s horror films did ... well , less badly.<br /><br />(4 ) And yet , and yet ... the film opens with not a parody but an honest - to - goodness pastiche of 80s horror , starring ( this is too good to be true ) Molly Ringwald . This pastiche is much better than anything that follows . ( It 's a bad sign when you find yourself wishing you were watching the movie - within - the - movie , rather than the movie . ) Yet it , too , was filmed in the late 1990s . Perhaps it IS still possible to make 1980s horror . You just have to drop the knowing parody stuff and MEAN it.<br /><br />(5 ) I 'd never once wondered what 1980s teen horror would be like if all the characters had Australian accents , but now I know . And strangely , I 'm glad I know . A need I never knew I had has been fulfilled .
0 I had not seen the movie trailer when I went to see the movie , instead I based my judgments on a friend 's opinions . Now I like Chris Rock and his comedy , but this movie just falls flat on its face.<br /><br />During the movie Rock delivers a couple of funny jokes , but unfortunately the movie is sorely lacking in comedy . The movie seems want to integrate both laughter and love into one , and it that endeavor it fails . The love story in the movie is straight forward ( luckily ) , but it detracts too much from the movie by making Rock serious and bland . After all , the movie is first and foremost destined to be a comedy , where laughter should be the primary concern . Not much of that in the movie.<br /><br />The plot is also pretty uninteresting as a whole . Some parts were discontinuous altogether . If the supporting cast were meant to be funny , they certainly did n't do a good job . The couple of angels from heaven tried to make a couple of jokes , which were dry and dull . Rock 's first incarnation 's couple of underlings were also bland . If there 's one thing they did do right , though , they made Rock seem funnier by comparison .
0 The king is dead long live the King ! The triad of Caddie Shack Two , The Family underneath the Stairs , and Troop Beverly Hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right . But there is a new king ..... yep ..... all hail the new king .... "Down to Earth " . But some things , like Tiny Tim for example , are so bad they are good . Some day this could take out the inimitable " Rocky Horror Picture Show " as a cult film . So go see this .... this .... well just take my word for it . Go see it . All hail the new king !
0 First off , I would like to say that I am a fan of Chris Rock . I like his other movies , but this movie is just like my summary . The Biggest Sack of Crap ever . In the beginning , Chris Rock plays an aspiring comedian who get stage fright at a Comedy Building called the Apollo . On his way home from a gig , while riding his BIKE he sees this woman he likes and is hit by a Truck . A little while later , he chooses the body of an old , white , and selfish millionaire . Then , he dresses up like the music group Outkast while trying to replay the scene from the original where he comes out as a Jockey . Second , he goes back to the Apollo , and tries to be the comedian he tried to be in his previous body and starts dissing the white population and tries to be black . Do you get my drift ? This movie is awful it tries too hard to be like the original and in the process comes out looking like a sack of crap . Just take my advice , do n't even watch this movie .
0 Down to Earth is about Lance Barton , a black comedian who gets hit by a truck . He goes to Heaven and he gets to get another body . Lance gets the body of Charles Wellington , a white guy . So Lance does a few things in the body of Charles . The movie has a few laughs , but it 's nothing special . It 's a good movie if you 're a fan of Chris Rock . Madagascar , the 2005 animated comedy , is better . This is a good movie , but Chris Rock has done way better things than this . It will only make you laugh about 4 times the whole movie . And it 's not really laugh - out - loud funny . You 'll laugh to yourself and you might giggle , but you definitely wo n't be rolling on the floor laughing .
0 This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen , ( yes it 's even worse than Dungeons and Dragons and any film starring Kevin Costner.)<br /><br />Chris Rock looked very uncomfortable throughout this whole film , and his supporting actors did n't even look like they were trying to act . Chris Rock is a wonderful stand - up comedian , but he just ca n't transfer his talent to this film , which probably only has two strained laughs in the whole picture.<br /><br />If you have n't watched this film yet , avoid it like the plague . Go do something constructive and more interesting like watching the weather channel or watching paint dry on a brick wall.<br /><br />For Chris ' efforts I give it a 2/10!<br /><br / >
0 I figured the whole joke of the movie would be to see some rich white guy acting like Chris Rock , and then see Chris Rock react to people 's reactions . Instead you just see Chris Rock being himself and people not understanding him . There are maybe 2 scenes in the entire movie where they use their gimmick . This should have been a lot better .
0 I like Chris Rock , but I feel he is wasted in this film . The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine , but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely . When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor , he re - did them totally -- so they became Murphy films / vehicles , not just tepid remakes . That 's why they were successful . If Chris had done the same , this could have been a much better film . The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film . It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly . So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this ? Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock . So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies ! Do n't remake films that were n't that good in the first place !
0 I like Chris Rock , but I feel he is wasted in this film . The idea of remaking Heaven Can Wait is fine , but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely . When Eddie Murphy remade Dr. Doolittle and The Nutty Professor , he re - did them totally -- so they became Murphy films / vehicles , not just tepid remakes . That 's why they were successful . If Chris had done the same , this could have been a much better film . The few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film . It also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly . So why does Hollywood keep making junk like this ? Because people go to see it -- because they like Chris Rock . So give Chris a decent script and give us better movies ! Do n't remake films that were n't that good in the first place !
0 I did not expect much from this film , but boy - o - boy , I did not expect the movie to be this bad . Chris Rock is not showing a good act here , you ca n't get the feeling that his caracter is real , I think the movie would have been a bit better if it 's drama or romantic scenes would have been a less part of the movie and more / better humor was involved . The movie is like the film makers were having a bad hangover making it . In the " making of " they do n't show a single smile . This is a very bad film ! I gave it three out of ten because of few smiles it gave me , but I did never laugh !
0 irritating , illogical flow of events . pretty much every joke is so simple that it can hardly be regarded as one . no wonder the cinema was empty and people actually walked away , yes away . I stayed , since I was enjoying a wonderful ice - cream with nuts during the whole movie .
0 I was in physical pain watching the eyes of the cast as they participated in this sham . Bad dialogue , worse ( worst ) acting , lifeless all the way , and the cast knew it . The two preceding movies which this attempted to copy had life , sparkle , and were captivating .
0 because that is the only way you wo n't think this film is a TOTAL waste of time and money . A remake of " Heaven Can Wait " , ( which was at least worth watching ) is a poor excuse for a romantic comedy . It is more a vehicle to give Rock some time on film for weak stand up comedy which does n't play well on the big screen . Especially because his jokes generally are supposed to be from the body of an old , fat , rich , dead man but are shown coming from Rock himself . As he insults Blacks and Whites the chemistry is all wrong . The movie is not funny , poorly shot the acting is weak at best . Go rent " Heaven Can Wait " and a live Rock video and you 'll be way ahead of the game .
0 < br /><br />One would expect a movie with a famous comedian in the lead role , to be a funny movie . This is not the case here . I laughed out loud once throughout the whole movie , and that was n't even during the final comedy - scene ( which one would also expect to be the funniest ) . This is one you can watch when it comes to TV , do n't spend any other money renting it .
0 No need to detail what others have written in other reviews - here goes the summary : < br /><br / > * Much of the nested animation work is downright gorgeous - the colors are superb - would love to have it done in silk as a necktie < br /><br / > * The story and execution is a total snooze - it was quite difficult to stay awake at times < br /><br />If you are a student of the fine arts , medieval calligraphy , early religion and so forth - have at it . This is a FILM for you.<br /><br />If you want an engaging , entertaining MOVIE - look elsewhere - this is a failure as anything other than an artistic statement.<br /><br />Vikings did n't have horns by the way ...
0 There are moments in this unique cartoon of pure beauty but overall it 's not very good . Limited animation as well as sub standard character and background design will limit its mass market appeal . The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney 's Kim Possible , ( Brendan , the main character in this also bares an uncanny similarity to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible ) Background design ranges as far and wide as going from being bland and depressing to stylish and stark , yet by today 's standards , overall it is still poor and cheap looking . Many of the backgrounds bare resemblances to eastern European or Nordic animation from the mid 80 's , nice in its own way but for modern child audiences , used to CG slug fests and talking dogs with every piece of fur on their body swaying in the wind , is sure to disappoint . The story is also not overly engaging and many of the voice actors are n't overly impressive , noticeably the usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson who appears to be phoning in his part . There are also a few secondary characters who come across as slightly cliché and stereotypically racist . However , some of the characters are good , the Viking villains , although underused are well done and are specifically foreboding in both look and sound . There is one moment involving the main character and his mentor being saved by Wolves from a Viking attack that is very nicely put together . The look and feel also seemed to be very inspired by the film Watership Down including a blatant rip off / homage to the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay . The look is also clearly and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art so if you are into these subjects you may be drawn towards its look . The film also does have moments of very nicely structured shots leading the eye in a very artistic manner , including a pretty match cut and a large scale Viking attack that is very moody and impressive . Best of all though is the music , much of the background music is melodic and moving , specifically the song by the spirit girl which is truly beautiful and haunting and works very well with the images it covers . If the whole film was as poetic as this moment , ( and it tries , ) then this would be a very beautiful and poetic film that would sadly still not reach a wide audience , but instead it is n't a shame it wo nt reach a wider audience because most of it is average and cheap looking and does n't stand up to modern animation standards . Overall a film that clearly split my opinion in many ways , but all together not great but worth watching for the music and song and the occasional pretty or scary moment . Oh yeah and the cat seemed to live for a long time , not sure how that was possible .
0 Normally I would have given this movie a 6 . It tackles a very important topic and it does it relatively well - despite Katie Wright which is an accomplishment in and of itself.<br /><br />I have no idea if she was actually instructed to play the character like this or is naturally irritating , but she did an awesome job at making it impossible for me to care for Lexi . There 's no dimension to her other than how confused , helpless and clueless she is , and how good she is at whimpering . I can understand how a young girl who blames herself for the loss of her friend and whose eating disorder has spiraled out of control would be distraught , scared and in pain . However , Wright 's entire performance is based on incessant wailing and sniveling , the rest being whining . I could n't help but feel this particular girl 's problem was caused not by the demon that is Bulimia , but by her not having a backbone . I very much doubt that 's the point the movie meant to make .
0 Not the best of actors ' movies . The director has concentrated on projected actor 's stardom rather than giving a good entertainer . May be hero himself , his family and his sincere fans can enjoy it . But definitely it 's not worth for neutral audience . The fight sequences are a total comedy . The dance moves in the song sequences are pathetic . The music is average . This film was the biggest flop for the actor . Inspite of the hype created over the movie , the movie failed miserably . Do n't even think of watching this move even if you want to kill time . You can watch some cartoon instead . A good movie buff can not digest this crap for 2 1/2 hours .
0 This is without doubt Rajnikanth 's worst movies ever . The first part is held in place with solid comedy from Goundamani but it progressively gets worse and worse and completely illogical . Our hero also takes a dig at Saints with the same name ( Baba ) through a corny and utterly lame one - liner . The first half has Rajni uttering his usual array of oneliners and style and in the second half , becomes a quasi saint after a beggar takes him through a interdimensional portal to the Himalayas where Babaji ( not the famous Saints he took a dig at earlier ) gives him special powers for no apparent reason ( other than karma ) . This is really starting to get interesting now is n't it ? < br /><br />The rest of the movie is about him wasting his magic boons and powers and fighting off politicians and related black magic . The usual predictable crap with hilarious implementation . Oh and the black magic never worked on our hero because he just happened to have a Param Vir ... er .... Shakti Chakra with him . The bad guys and the usual politician villains are clichéd , overworked and in the end , completely insignificant to the plot which itself does n't go anywhere.<br /><br />But despite all the flaws , it was fun to kill time with and yell Baba related one - liners during public events . Its also fun to watch others curse about this movie . AR Rehman is said to have composed the tracks for his movie through the cell phone . That s how important he considered it.<br /><br />Rajni is very popular in Japan and he has included two characters ( one of them is called Keiko ... why not Samsung ? ) of Japanese origin in this movie just for the sake of it . But the way they are portrayed , dressed and treated is absolutely pathetic . The Japanese may stop watching Rajni movies after seeing that . This movie was probably promotional material for Rajni entering politics but the results of the movie itself would have killed off any of his political dreams.<br /><br />Fun if you turn your brain off though .
0 movie goers - avoid watching this movie . if you are faint hearted , you might want to commit suicide . if you are a short tempered , you would want to kill the lead performer of the movie.<br /><br />Though he does not have any talent in acting , he is the mass hero for all the rickshaw pullers , auto rickshaw drivers , rowdies , thugs and immature and ignorant literates.<br /><br />he proves - you do not need neither talent nor knowledge to be successfully.<br /><br />He is the highest paid actor in India . That shows the taste of movie going public in India . 90 % of movie goers in tamil nadu are definitely attracted to his kind of nonsense movies .
0 Rajinikanth becomes born again after getting a magical power which he can use seven times.<br /><br />There are several problems with this movie that are obvious to the casual audience : the 50ish Rajinikanth is still at home with his parents ; the father of the girl next door thinks that he is a compelling " boy " ( ' vaseekaramaana paiyan ' ) ; Rajinikanth suddenly interrupts the movie with his sermons , the worst being how women of yesteryears got their exercise through household work -- yet we are to believe that he is not a theist ; even though he was well read , he wastes six of his seven powers on a stupid kite ; I can go on , but you get the picture.<br /><br />There are god - men , there are gods , and there is Rajinikanth . The directory has difficulty fitting Rajinikanth into one of these categories . Initially , Rajinikanth is just Rajinikanth doing what Tamil heroes do -- stand up to villains and , in spite of being the oldest , getting courted by the prettiest girl in the movie . Rajinikanth does this well and some of Rajinikanth 's trademark styles are actually enjoyable--"baba count " is a novelty . What makes this movie unbearable is that those few initial minutes are just a preface to an worst book to be ever written . Even that preface is punctuated with some comedy which are forced and obvious.<br /><br />The director does n't explain the purpose of the hero ; we see that the hero is facing several hurdles ( from politicians , as usual ) but we ca n't really root for the hero because we do n't know what the hero 's ultimate goal is . At the end , when everyone wants him to be the leader , the hero gives another one of his sermons and walks away to become a hermit . The director offers no solution to the problem in the climax scene.<br /><br />A. R. Rehman 's score is really interesting . Either he shows patches of brilliance or he did n't bother to invest himself fully into this movie -- who can blame him . There is one scene where Rajinikanth steps into the van of one of the crooks and then throws the knife and starts his baba count . The music is very apt for the moment and acts as a catalyst adding further tension . The songs are all mediocre , no one would bother with the songs from this movie after a few years.<br /><br />Unfortunately , 1 is the lowest rank you can assign in IMDb . This movie has all the elements that justify its rightful place at the nether of IMDb 's ranking .
0 I am not a big fan of Rajnikant in the first place , but Baba was a huge disappointment . In between an awful storyline , the action and songs were only mediocre . The storyline becomes very preachy . Instead of running for office like NTR or MGR , Rajni almost appeared to be running as Tamil Nadu 's next big guru . My wife tells me that since this film came out , Rajni swore off doing any more movies!<br /><br />We were lucky initially to have bought Babu ( an oldie by Sivajiganeshan ) online by accident when trying to buy this one .... that was a great film , which made up for having bought this dud ... except it makes Baba look even worse by comparison!<br /><br />Bryan
0 Baba - Rajinikanth will never forget this name in his life . This is the movie which caused his downfall . It was released with much hype but crashed badly and laid to severe financial losses for its producers and distributors . Rajinikanth had to personally repay them for the losses incurred . Soon after its release , he tried venturing into politics but failed miserably . Its a very bad movie with horrible acting , bad - quality makeup and pathetic screenplay . Throughout the movie , Rajinikanth looks like a person suffering from some disease . I 'm one of the unfortunate souls who saw Baba , first day first show in theatre . The audiences were so bored that most of them left the theatre before the intermission . Sorry , I 'll not recommend this one to anyone .
0 The main aspect about the Superstar 's movies at his later stages were the frequency , the lacuna between one movie and the next . Being a well established star of the south Indian cinema , the feedbacks he was receiving before Baba was great . < br /><br />Since Nattukku Oru Nallavan ( 1991 ) , the number of movies he acted in Tamil as a mass Hero in 11 years were only 11 exactly at the rate of 1 per year . All of these were a great hit . He was having a image that many thought could not be easily brought down . < br /><br />But after Padayappa ( 1999 ) , he went into a state of Hibernation . His fans all over the world , especially in South India were ready to see movie of any kind with their superstar in action . So , the Tamil cinema industry decided to come with Baba . < br /><br />The movie makers thought that the fans will take whatever they show with Superstar in it . But this clearly did not work out in this movie . As usual , the hype from the media and the expectation from the fans were way beyond limit . < br /><br />Rajinikanth 's image was totally damaged . The fans went nuts . The movie 's collection did not meet the expected level . Reputation of great people went down . < br /><br />The only positive aspect about this movie was the songs by A.R.Rehman . Rehman is known to have composed good music for some worst movies like Tajmahal , Kadal Virus , Alli Arjuna , Paarthale Paravasam , Star , En Swasa Katre , Vandicholai Chinnarasu etc . Well , i never thought that this movie would join that league.<br /><br />You'l feel very much depressed not because the movie was bad , it'l be because of the superstar 's image going down . It took him five full years to regain it fully back with two movies Chandramukhi and Sivaji and give fans back what they really look for in a superstar film .
0 As usual , i went to watch this movie for A.R.Rahman . Otherwise , the film is no good . Rajni wanted to end his movie career with this film is it would be successful . But fortunately or unfortunately the film was a failure . After this he delivered a hit with Chandramukhi . I Am eagerly waiting for his forth coming Shivaji.<br /><br />I have read the other user 's comment on Rajni . I found it interesting as the user is from TN too . Rajni is one actor who acts , i think , from his heart not from his mind . He is not a method actor like Kamal Hasan . I think we need to appreciate Rajni for his strong going at his age.<br /><br />Any ways , i need to fill 10 lines for this comment ... so wish u good luck Rajni ...........
0 It 's not just that this is a bad movie ; it 's not only that four of the " best " Mexican movie makers are in this film ; and it 's not only that the script is terrible . It 's just that ... this movie sucks ... big time . This people are wasting money in terrible scripts . It 's supposed to make a criticism about Mexican society but we 're fed up with this kind of films . Is bad language supposed to be funny ? I do n't get it . Mexican cinema is in big trouble if this kind of movies are going to continue playing ( and being written and produced).<br /><br />Please , do n't think this kind of movies are well received in Mexico : We hate them and they do n't reflect us .
0 I am surprised that everyone ( even the critics ) seems to think this was a good movie . It was the most clichéd thriller ever made that I have seen . We have the ' bad guy ' who wants to force the ' good guy ' ( or girls in this case ) to do something or face the consequence . The ' good girl ' in this movie must use her smarts and skills to defeat the ' bad guy ' and save the day and her loved ones . Using charisma , bravery , and even luck to save the day . < br /><br />Where to begin ? Well , a young woman by the name of Lisa Reisert meets a young man by the name of Jackson Rippner ( nice name ) at an airport . One coincidence leads to another and soon it seems as if fate is bringing these two together . Sharing drinks , sitting next to each other , seemingly getting along in every way ... Is there more to this strangeness ? Could these two be meant for each other ? Does ' fate ' have a reason for their strange and random encounter ? < br /><br />Well , as it turns out , unfortunately yes . Jackson needs to Lisa to help him assassinate the Director of Homeland Security by moving him from one room to another so that his men can launch an attack on him . Oh , if she does n't do this then her father is dead . Though we never learn the exact reasons why and who is really behind this madness , Jackson more then explains how this is going to happen and why its in Lisa 's best interest to help him.<br /><br />Of course , Lisa defeats his evil plans with her smarts and in the process stabs him in the neck , makes him trip over chairs , and hitting him with a field hockey stick . Oh , and before that , she leads him on wild chase through Miami airport where she gets passed post 9 11 security and steals a car that she later uses to run over the man who was ordered to kill her father . < br /><br />Yeah , right.<br /><br />First of all , I find it strange that a man like Jackson who can get his hands on high tech weaponry needs the help of a hotel manager . Could n't he just sneak a bomb into the building ? Would n't that make it safer for him and his team by leaving out any third parties ? And why do characters like Jackson also explain everything they are going to do to someone they are threatening ? Does n't that make it easier to stop them by the same people ? < br /><br />The actors did their best considering the movie they were given . Racheal McAdams and Cillian Murphy are still actors to look out for . Also , I believe that Jayma Mays ( who played the ' loveable ' Cynthia ) will be someone we will see more of . It 's just too bad they all were stuck with this.<br /><br />2 out of 10
0 The main reasons to see " Red Eye " are Rachel McAdams , who delivers a stellar performance , and Jayma Mays , who is wonderful as the Assistant Hotel Manager . On the other hand , Cillian Murphy overacts so badly that he becomes cartoonish . The rest of the movie is riddled with plot holes , on which I will elaborate.<br /><br />Please do not read further if you do n't want to know what happens!<br /><br />Here is a synopsis of the plot . Rachel McAdams 's character ( Lisa ) manages a hotel where the new hard - nosed Homeland Security Director plans to stay that night . Rachel is returning to Miami from a funeral , but fielding calls from her assistant up until the plane leaves . In the meantime , someone is stationed outside the house of her father , Joe ( played by Brian Cox ) , ready to kill him if Cillian Murphy ( Jackson ) calls . All Lisa has to do is phone the hotel and move the Director 's suite to one where Jackson 's cohorts are planning to fire a guided missile ( from a fishing boat ) to kill the Director and his family.<br /><br />So , here are some of the plot holes or absurd coincidences:<br /><br />1 . Jackson finally convinces Lisa to make the call , and in the middle , the phones in the plane lose their connection . Lisa tries to fake that she is making the call , but coincidentally , a guy across the aisle from Jackson is also making a call and starts banging his phone to indicate it is dead . Jackson catches on and grabs the phone from Lisa.<br /><br />2 . At one point , Jackson head - butts Lisa and she , of course , gets knocked out ... but only for 30 minutes.<br /><br />3 . Jackson catches Lisa writing a note on the mirror in the ( extraordinarily large ) lavatory , and he bangs her around a bit . Miraculously , the only one who hears anything is an 11-year - old girl , whose word , of course , is discounted.<br /><br />4 . Lisa stabs Jackson with a pen in the throat as the plane is landing , steals his cell phone , and makes a mad dash for the exit , fitting down the aisle between the seats and 18 rows of standing passengers . Despite knowing there is a passenger with a pen stuck in his throat , the flight attendants oblige Lisa by opening the door to the jet - way.<br /><br />5 . OK , all those are reasonable ( if not highly unlikely ) . But here 's where it gets really stupid . Lisa gets into the terminal at Miami Airport , and there is no cell phone signal ( every major airport in America has great cell phone reception).<br /><br />6 . She runs through the airport with Jackson in hot pursuit , and no security officers even delay them.<br /><br />7 . Jackson , who lost Lisa in the Airport while the train from the gates pulled away to the terminal , has lost some of his voice from the pen in his throat , but he can still be somewhat understood . However , he does n't bother to call his man outside of Joe 's house . ( PS : There is no train at Miami Airport , but the one they showed looked an awful lot like the Orlando Airport).<br /><br />8 . Lisa steals a car and rides away . Of course this time , when she goes to make a call , the cell phone says " low battery " and soon shuts off ( when will they stop using this inane plot device?).<br /><br />9 . While the phone still said " low battery , " Lisa had reached her assistant just in time to save the Director and his family from the guided missile launched by the fishing boat to the window of the room on the 40th floor to which the Director had been moved . Of course , they expect us not to notice that the hotel is surrounded on 3 sides by ocean , so the missile could have probably been launched at the first suite , thereby negating the need for the whole Lisa - Jackson plot . What 's the story here ? Was the Director 's original room on the 38th floor one of the only rooms in the hotel with a lousy view ? Nevertheless , everyone gets out just before the missile hits.<br /><br />10 . Lisa drives to Joe 's house to save her father only to see the killer outside . Although she runs him over ( as he is shooting at her ) by crashing her Jeep into the house , no one in the neighborhood seems to notice or bother to stop by.<br /><br />11 . Jackson arrives at Joe 's house and knocks him out ( we do n't see how ... maybe another head butt ) . He then explains to Lisa that he did n't kill dad yet because he wanted dad to see Lisa die first ( Give me a break . What is this ? Saturday morning cartoons?).<br /><br />12 . For the rest of the movie ( about 20 minutes ) , Jackson chases Lisa around the house , and she resourcefully fights him off . Of course a real killer ( i.e. one maybe played by Jason Statham ) would have done away with Lisa ( or for that matter anyone who is not a trained killer ) in the first 30 seconds . During the course of this chase , Jackson steps over Joe at least once without bothering to kill him.<br /><br />13 . Finally , Jackson prevails , and he is about to kill Lisa when ( you guessed it ) he is shot by Joe.<br /><br />So , here 's my suggestion ... tell Wes Craven to stick to horror . Or maybe he should get together with Michael Bay ( who directed the equally stupid " The Island " ) and make " Red Island . "
0 They sell it as a horror movie , it 's supposed to be a thriller , but I found it pretty funny ( comedy ? , do n't think so ) , I laughed the whole movie I think it was because of the ridiculous acting and plot . I do n't blame the actors , I think they were not very good , but O.K. I think Cillian is a very good " bad guy " I loved his acting in Batman Beggins , and Rachel McAdams .. whoa ! she 's a beauty , and a good actress as well , but let 's try to be a little objective here , the story mm mm ... the direction mm mm ... it lacks a lot of good suspense in fact is a really boring movie , but there 's one good thing tho , it 's a short movie , only 1 hour and 30 minutes ( FOR ME IT WAS LIKE 10 MINUTES UNDER THE WATER!!!)<br /><br />I just do n't know why this movie is rated so high , and in rotten tomatoes , even higher , what 's wrong with good , rational and objective criticism ?
0 Wes Craven , you are having a laugh ... at our expense . The Red Eye plot is preposterous ... We are confronted by a guy who has apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl , who then turns up at an airport behind her , flirts and chats her up successfully , somehow wangles a seat next to her in a two seat space , not trapped in the middle of a five seat row ( contacts at check - in ? ) and is cheezily nice during a painfully slooooow build up . Then , once up in the air , in a confined space , surrounded by strangers , he immediately starts threatening the vacuous , if super - efficient , Rachel McAdams and saying tosh like ' we got ya daddy , do what I say , or poppa gets it ' . Well , forgive me , but did n't they already have her daddy ready for slaughter - so - you - better - oughta long before she stepped on the plane and therefore would n't it have been oh , sooooooo much simpler to simply snatch the gal off the street and terrorise her in a room somewhere , forgetting the complicated and insecure dad plot , pulling her nails out or whatever until she made the all important ' call ' required ? Or even - cos this is the movies and we need a few unreal twists - keep the dumb dad - in - distress thing intact if you must , but dress it up better so that holding him in harms way until the convoluted plot had been concluded made some sense , without the plane dumbdown ? Alternatively , without wanting to sound like an actual thinking terrorist / assassin - could n't the massive bazooka - missile thang employed have been far more easily used on , say , a car driving down the highway , with the politician inside , rather than the 50th story of a Miami seafront hotel , from a fishing boat ( mind you , as we already know , security in Miami is lax , so they 'll speed away ) ? I know , I know , far more fun to go through watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks , burgle her dads house to steal his wallet ( that somehow - star trek style - gets transported from Miami to Texas instantly ) in order to - perhaps - get her to arrange for a politician to change hotel room and , and , and ... Well , a thousand things could go wrong here , each one entirely destroying the Big Plan , so why not slim the elements down to a sensible handful , such as - 1 . bazooka . 2 . car . 3 . boom ! My 50 minute drive home from the cinema was spent highlighting the abundance of flaws and stupid cod - Hitchcockian twists , which sadly was the best fun of the whole sorry experience . And as for security back at Miami Airport ... we have an apparently crazy and violent girl running off a plane , chased by cops , who during the chase sits down to have a coffee , moves elsewhere to read a magazine at a bar , then runs again like crazy up and down the whole terminal ... by now also chased by crazed Cillian Murphy ( no CCTV then ? - I had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami Airport a couple of years back ) . So instead of speaking to the cops - her allies - or getting on the blower at a call - box direct to her dad to warn him his life is in danger , McAdams prefers instead to steal a People Carrier off a family in the Airport forecourt ( call the damned security ... ) and drives home to daddy , mowing down the assassin with the vehicle in the front garden of the house , in a rich neighbourhood - watch district , crushing the front porch in the process - an act which actually slightly wakes dad up from an afternoon snooze , after about a minute , yet which somehow fails to register with neighbours who are n't even mildly curious , thus ensuring 15 more minutes of hide and seek shenanigans as the duo run around the vast Hollodeck type house ... Dohhh , it actually hurts to keep thinking about it all - Cillian ( surely renamed Silly ' un for doing this one ? ) preposterously turns from ice assassin to comically unhinged ( and inept ) lunatic killer at the end , this theoretically ruthless despatcher of human life now allowing the dad to live so that he can watch his daughter getting her goose cooked . I 'd better stop , because the stream of drivel I 'm writing here must sound as uncoordinated as the Red Eye script . If Ms McAdams had n't been allowed to get on the plane in the first place the title could have been altered , from ' Red Eye ' to ' No Eye , Dear ' . RR
0 I 've seen thousands of movies and have never written a review , but the Red Eye I witnessed is so at odds with the glowing tributes posted here that I 'm compelled to offer my two cents in protest- and vote the lowest score possible just to bring the average closer to reality . < br /><br />This is a dull , boring stinker of a film that is memorable only for its apologist depictions of the terrorists ' target ( a John Bolton - esquire bully diplomat who 's really a great guy , do n't you know ) and of the oh - so - handsome and popular Dr. Phil ( whose bestselling book , one learns , is read by frequent fliers worldwide ) . The only real Red Eye I experienced was from rubbing my eyes in disbelief.<br /><br />Before you fork out $ 10 or so dollars for this B movie , read the selected ' Quotes ( from trailer ) ' above , and ask yourself if you 'll really enjoy a movie in which these were the cleverest lines to be found . Unfortunately , nothing else in this film is any better . The basic premise is goofy as hell ; the acting is bland and uninspired , completely lacking in pro / antagonist chemistry ; the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn- except during the last five minutes- by poor directing and anticipatory editing ; the script is riddled with incongruities like : early reveals of the heroine as a university lacrosse star are called into question when she later battles the antagonist with a field hockey stick ; and the plot holes are wider than First Class ( while character development is strictly Coach).<br /><br />And then there are the moments of extreme ridiculousness , like when the daughter of a high level public servant does NOT head straight for airport security , at her first opportunity , to warn them of an assassination plot against the both the head of Homeland Security and her father . Or when that same woman runs hell - bent - for - leather along slick airport linoleum , arms pistoning and veins in her neck bulging , while wearing 4 inch stiletto heels . Or when her pursuer chases likewise with a sucking wound in his trachea . Or when terrorists use a fishing pole to bring up their weapon from the freaking harbor bottom . I 'm always willing to suspend disbelief , but I 'm not going to leap from 30,00 feet without a parachute.<br /><br />The one good thing I can say of this movie is that it portrays women who are capable ( even in bimbo form ) of handling the most extreme emergencies- the kind of gender imaging sorely lacking in American movies . Other than that , this movie never really takes off , and is no more thrilling than the red eye flight from Boston to NY . Remember the last time you got suckered by deceptive trailers and glowing tributes- in this forum or elsewhere ? This is one of those times . Wait for the Red Eye video , and do n't watch it then , either .
0 My goodness is this movie bad . I was totally misled by my local movie review because this is certifiable garbage . Yeah , yeah , good guys wear white , bad guys wear black .... and the good guys always win . Now go home and hug your kids , and feel how good Hollywood has made you feel . Blech ! I ca n't believe this brain dead movie was made by Wes Craven . I 'm guessing he needed a little money to pay the mortgage , so he made this piece of dung . It is the sort of production that makes anyone who watches movies regularly believe they could do as good or better than such an experienced director.<br /><br />Ya see , a bad guy wants a sweet girl who loves her daddy to do a wittle IL ' bad thing or he 's gon na hurt her daddy . But being Ms. All - American girl next door , we know she 's gon na save the day and beat the bad guys ... the end . Girl power ROCKS.<br /><br />C'mon now , only an idiot would find this entertaining ... "a roller coaster ride , " let alone something fresh or new . All those " super - duper " reviews you see on this site are from industry hacks who are either making money off this flick , paying back a favor , or they have sold their souls to the devil.<br /><br />Rachael McAdams is beautiful .... yup , that 's it . Not a good performance , not a horrible one ... she 's just cute . She would have had to show a whole lot of skin to save this movie . She is n't tough enough to be a good female action lead.<br /><br />Cillian Murphy was at least passable in 28 Days . But here he plays a dumb villain pretending to be a smart one . He gets his ass kicked to and fro by the 5'5 '' McAdams , because after all , she was a cheerleader ... and a field hockey player ... and I 'm sure she owns all the Tae Bo tapes ... so she should be able to kick the crap out of an international terrorist for hire . I would n't trust him to steal a pack of gum from 7 - 11.<br /><br />Ya see , this movie was done before , except before they did it well . Go re - rent any of the Die Hard movies . You have loved ones in danger , international terrorists , except the characters are more likable and believable and the bad guys are WAY more competent and interesting . I simply do n't understand how Hollywood can continue to make such crap as if they were oblivious to the proper models they can readily copy . No wonder movie revenues are down.<br /><br />Throw your $ 6 down the toilet and save yourself 2 hours of your life you 'll never get back.<br /><br />ciao , FreddyShoop
0 I remember a certain Tuesday , the morning of 18/6/02 to be exact . I was dozed off , trying to convince myself to get out of bed when a horrific explosion was heard . I went to the kitchen where I have a view of several neighborhoods in the southern Jerusalem and saw a pillar of smoke rising from a distant point , the sight of the smoke was followed a minute later by the waling of sirens . I remember rushing to my bedroom , taking out my binoculars , racing back to the kitchen and spotting the image of a glass shattered bus . The bus was still near the pick up station where a terrorist boarded on it and with a single click on a TNT device , murdered 25 passengers , many of whom were on their way to school . The wife of a good friend of mine , sat on the bus at the back row , a seemingly arbitrary and meaningless decision that saved her life.<br /><br />I'm sure that every Israeli has at least one terror - related memory he wishes he never would have had and it was only a matter of time before someone made a film about it . As it turned out , the movie was about to become a repressed memory of its own.<br /><br />The film is about a play - write on a dry run , Haim Buzaglo ( portrayed by , hmmm , Haim Buzaglo who also wrote and directed the film ) that spends the better part of his day conducting staring contests with his blank word processor page . In the meantime , his girlfriend , a field reporter for the Israeli commercial channel , decides to make a piece about a debt ridden ex - army officer . Buzaglo , bored and a bit paranoid due what is medically known as the " what on earth this hot babe is dating me " syndrome , asks a private eye to conduct a stakeout on his girlfriend.<br /><br />As the detective progresses in his investigation , his observations are permeating into the play and later on , to the lives of its actors . In the meantime , the play metamorphoses from a comic play into an indictment against the aloofness of the Israeli society . As for the movie , well , the movie becomes an exercise in frenzy editing , ensconced in its petty cardboard characters and unreliable dialogs while drifting miles away from the subject it was supposed to deal with in the first place.<br /><br />When I say " cardboard characters " I refer to the characters that under the writer / director 's obsession for a " meaningful " film , were devoid of any genuine dialogs and any shred of reliability . I wo n't elaborate too much about it . Suffice to say that I 'm sure that homeless barefoot male prostitutes rarely go the theater . With the intention to see a play , that is.<br /><br />This movie , according to Haim Buzaglo himself is the first part of a current agenda trilogy . I sincerely hope that the other two films will be derived from the experiences like the one I wrote about in the beginning of my review as opposed to the secluded world of characters that are anything but existent and a plot that is anything but compelling.<br /><br />4 out of 10 in my FilmOmeter.<br /><br />P.S. This movie was a landmark in austerity . It was shot in ten days , all the cast worked for free and the entire cost of the film was about 12,000 $ ( no , I did n't omit a zero or two , twelve thousand dollars ) . Makes you wonder why it took 34,000 $ to complete Blair witch project .
0 This is a Japanese film but there is quite a bit of English also spoken in here . It 's a pretty film , with nice visuals , featuring the scenic beauty of Hawaii.<br /><br />However , that was the only redeeming quality for me . The story was generally boring . Who wants to watch a young woman sulk for 90 percent of the film because her " picture " husband is a lot older than he advertised he was ? Granted , that could be a bummer ...... but get over it!<br /><br />Only in the last 10 minutes does she do an about - face and become fond of him . By then , for most viewers , it was too little - too late . We 'd fallen asleep by then .
0 I honestly had no idea that the Notorious B.I.G. ( Bert I. Gordon the director ; not the murdered rapper ) was still active in the 80 's ! I always presumed the deliciously inept " Empire of the Ants " stood as his last masterful accomplishment in the horror genre , but that was before my dirty little hands stumbled upon an ancient and dusty VHS copy of " The Coming " , a totally obscure and unheard of witchery - movie that actually turned out a more or less pleasant surprise ! What starts out as a seemingly atmospheric tale of late Dark Ages soon takes a silly turn when a villager of year 1692 inexplicably becomes transferred to present day Salum , Massachusetts and promptly attacks a girl in the history museum . For you see , this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman who was a bona fide evil girl in 1692 and falsely accused over twenty people of practicing witchcraft which led to their executions at the state . The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter this and wants his overdue revenge . But poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl ,   or is she ? " Burned at the Stake " unfolds like a mixture between " The Exorcist " and " Witchfinder General " with a tad bit of " The Time Machine " thrown in for good measure . Way to go , Bert ! The plot becomes sillier and more senseless with every new twist but at least it never transcends into complete boredom , like too often the case in other contemporary witchcraft movies like " The Dunwich Horror " and " The Devonsville Terror " . The film jumps back and forth between the events in present day and flashbacks of 1692 ; which keeps it rather amusing and fast - paced . The Ann Putman girl is quite a fascinating character , reminiscent of the Abigail Williams character in the more commonly known stage play " The Crucible " ( also depicted by Winona Ryder in the 1996 motion picture ) . There are a couple of cool death sequences , like the teacher in the graveyard or the journalist in the library , that are committed by the ghost of malignant reverend who made a pact with Ann Putman and perhaps even the Devil himself . The film gets pretty spastic and completely absurd near the end , but overall there 's some good cheesy fun to be had . Plus , the least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he definitely build up some directorial competences over the years .
0 Time travel is a fun concept , and this film gives it a different slant . I got a kick out of Captain Billingham , one of the more down - to - earth characters , who was just not having a good day . Ordinarily , I do n't choose to watch horror films , but this is an exception . Good story , excellent acting .
0 Susan Swift is an appealing youngster , a flower child transplanted to the 1980 's ( like a young Susan Dey ) , but she does n't quite have the vocal range for a demanding dramatic lead and she tends to whine ; still , she 's rather sweet and has bright eyes and a pretty smile . In " The Coming " ( as it was called when briefly released to theaters ) , Swift may be the reincarnation of a Salem witch . The flick is very low - budget and borrows from so many other pictures that I gave up on it with about 15 minutes to go . It starts out strong and has some camp appeal . Obviously , there are more serious films that deal with the Salem witch trials that deserve to be seen over this one ; however , as junk movies go , it is n't too terrible . The Boston locales are a definite plus , and the supporting cast is amusingly hammy . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 Really , everybody in this movie looks like they want to be someplace else ! No wonder , the casting is done not with the left hand , but rather not at all . I have n't seen anything worse than Natascha McElhone impersonating some sort of agent , carrying a gun . You do n't use a spoiled city - brat - look in such a role . The only worse thing I can imagine is casting Doris Day as a prostitute . The rest of the cast is likewise awful , possibly with Hurt as the sole exception , sometimes you can see him trying , but suffering . Oh , did I mention that it is a completely insane story ? Jeopardizing many peoples lives because you are divorced and want to see your family ? Well , it must be because the guy ( Weller ) is German?<br /><br />2/10 , because the photography could be worse .
0 Note : I will reveal a key part of the plot , but if you 've looked at the DVD cover or any promotional material , you 'll already know it.<br /><br />This movie seems to have been written by an eleven - year - old who is n't very bright and was probably very tired when he wrote it . The writer does n't know the difference between a chemical and an organism.<br /><br />Forget the fact the the UN and the NSA seem to be running the show in Hungary . Forget the fact that when these master intelligence agents go chasing after someone whose mere touch will kill you in about a minute they do n't wear protective gear ( not even gloves ) . These are quibbles in the context of this movie . In the scientific world within this story , 2 + 2=6.34 and gravity goes sideways.<br /><br />The fact is that the people in this movie do not ( with a few exceptions ) behave the way human beings behave . Almost every time a character responds to something it is inappropriate . The love story ( of course there is one ) makes soap opera scripts seem like Shakespeare.<br /><br />I ca n't believe we wasted a free movie rental on this thing .
0 William Hurt scuba diving scientist ? ? ? US agents running the investigation abroad ? The sick contaminated man kicking butt after falling 20 feet on his back and running away ? Sniper missing and not killing Hurt ( just wounding him ) but the second " kill " shot is dead on ? Waste of time . To compare this to falling down as other reviewers did is ridiculous . Oh and by the end of the movie they decide to start wearing gloves on their hands except for the " evil " agent and Hurt decides to kill him by giving him the " virus handshake " . What ? BTW ... when did IMDb require 10 lines of text ? I 'm just babbling here . Does n't this just dillute the content of reviews if you are required to have x amount of lines ?
0 I watched the entire movie recognizing the participation of William Hurt , Natascha McElhone , and Desiree Nosbusch . I 'm glad that I had no idea of the presence of Peter Weller . At the end of the movie I said " THAT was Peter Weller ? " Kudos to Mr. Weller for an outstanding performance . Weller played a major character , and his performance was such that I did n't even recognize him.<br /><br />Overall the plot was bad , the writing was bad , and the performances , aside from those of Nosbusch and Weller , were subpar . The scenery and setting were interesting , and Weller was amazing.<br /><br />4 stars , of a possible 10 .
0 Dull , predictable and uninteresting story of a man contaminated by a chemical substance ( Weller ) who goes on across the country just to find his ex - wife and children ; meanwhile , he kills everyone in his way only by a single touch of his hands . In his dangerous track , a doctor ( Hurt ) and a young reporter ( Natasha ) try to stop the man . The movie has a not original premise but even though could be much better . The final result is just a movie without suspense or gritting moments . Even the good cast is completely waste . I give this a 4 ( four ) .
0 For a science scare movie to work well it has to be either truly original or a very good retelling . This movie is neither . Sure there is a pseudo - original twist in that the guy kills people because of a toxin and not because of a disease , but that is a very minor twist . There is the government conspiracy angle , the crusader protagonist who has personal experience ... <br /><br />And one real drawback of this movie is that the contaminated man has no pathos . Although the character is scripted to be someone who should be pitied , he is not . Without the pity the movie is pointless . The other characters are so cookie cutter they are ridiculous . The subplots are convoluted and annoying . And the saddest thing is the movie is too flat to even be enjoyed as mock material . Make the movie a 45 minute short and it might be worth watching .
0 I really ca nt think of anything good to say about this film ... not a single thing . The script is a nightmare .. the writer blurs the line between chemical and biological traits and does nt seem to understand the difference . You 'd think they would at least get a technical advisor . The performances were bad by most of the cast ... although I do nt really blame them .. the material really stinks . The editing was equally bad .. I 'll just stop now .. its all bad 2/10
0 This movie is so bad , you almost feel contaminated by it . Actually , there is a strong sense of relief when it 's over , relief that you can now put the cassette back in the rewinder and RUSH this back to the video rental store before it contaminates the rest of your video collection . I jokingly suggested when we rented it that it looked like the kind of film where William Hurt would " phone in " his performance . I meant that he would not be trying very hard . But lo and behold , in a huge number of scenes in this film , Bill Hurt is actually ON THE PHONE ! Our realization of this irony was the only pleasure we derived from this confusing mess . The cinematography and editing are murky and befuddled , the story is chaotic , and the soundtrack is barely audible . There is a very slight resemblance to " Falling Down " , but that film had a boldly disturbing story - line , great writing and acting , and an engaging soundtrack . " Contaminated Man " is just some kind of broken down old European tourist trap , and watching it is like driving along some unfamiliar back road in an unknown country where you do n't speak the language in a steady rain just after nightfall as the windshield keeps fogging up . You get the picture ? Do n't get this one .
0 Opening scene ' explains ' why Hurt is later ' immune ' to the ' Contaminated Man ' . Too bad it does n't explain anything else : How did he get whatever he ' caught'/what was it / why does it work so fast . Then we go to " Present Day Budapest " . OK , was the opener in the past or the future ? It turns out to be the past , of course , but for a minute it looks just as likely to be the nd of the movie moved to the beginning . Sorry , I should have paid closer attention , huh ? Or maybe it 's just badly done . Then a lot of confusion about the different jobs he 's had in related fields , and finally a mention about how he should have died from the original experiment the n s a did on him . Aha ! So the n s a and private industry got together to poison one of their top guys to watch the effects ? He must have been one of the top guys , he 's friends with the c e o of the Chemical company , for God sakes . Then there 's the substance itself : Technically a poison , but it mutates in immune ' carriers ' , so we can have whatever we want ; a poison , a disease , an allergic reaction , all very different things in real life . Magically , it 's not contagious from one dying victim to another , only from the carrier . How convenient . Then there 's the h a z m a t protocol : They jump into a situation without having any idea what 's in store , or how prepare for it . Did the producers not have enough money to show a proper wash - down after the crew just left the scene of a deadly unknown substance ? I kept thinking Hurt was going to die from bad cleanup technique , and the open scene would turn out to be the closer after all .
0 This is one very confusing movie . The film is very hard to follow and the plot just did n't seem to make any sense . The Fury of the Wolfman was made in Spain and I think that when any film is dubbed from one language to another , it does n't translate exactly as it was first meant . Maybe this is part of the problem but I doubt if it can account for all the problems with this film . The dubbing is pretty bad and the voices do n't match the characters very well . The scenes are choppy , there is an array of strange and irrelevant characters that do little more than confuse the viewer even more . What I did like about this film was the look of the wolfman himself and the scenes where he attacks . Now if they could have put it all together and had it make some sense , they might have had something . Do n't waste your time on this one .
0 Apparently , this is what happens when a director allows his 14-year old nephew to rewrite the dialogue on the set while he indulges himself alcoholically in the meantime ; as I said earlier , although I 've always wanted to catch one of Paul Naschy 's werewolf pictures , this atrocity served as my introduction and , as awful as it most certainly is , I still intend to pursue other entries in the series , albeit very gradually.<br /><br />Despite some high profile disappointments like Joe Dante 's THE HOWLING ( 1981 ) , I love werewolf pictures in general but , to be honest , I quickly lost interest in this film 's " plot " and just stood there gazing at my TV screen counting its absurdities as it were . There were far too many to mention them here but I have to say two which struck me as particularly hilarious were the schizophrenic nature of the Werewolf persona ( i.e. going from a raging beast in one shot to a dazed , zombie - like state in the very next one - as if he 's on a casual midnight stroll in the countryside , and sporting an entirely different wardrobe to boot ... and , yes , I did know the reasons for this beforehand ) , as well as the " Phantom Of The Opera " look of the Wolfstein character ! But what do I know - perhaps the elusive full - length version of this mess could very well have been a bona - fide horror classic !
0 Waldemar Daninsky ( Paul Naschy ) travels to Tibet and is bitten by a yeti , which causes him to become a werewolf . He is accidentally killed after he attacks his cheating wife and her lover , and is later revived by a female scientist , Dr. Ilona Ermann , who uses him in mind control experiments . Daninsky later discovers an underground asylum populated by the bizarre subjects of the doctor 's failed experiments.<br /><br />Upon hearing of Naschy 's death from colleague Jon Kitley , I rummaged through my collection for a suitable film to watch . In my scramble , I found I own not one but three ( ! ) copies of " Fury of the Wolfman " . The film is of questionable video quality , the sound is dubbed in a mediocre fashion , the cinematography is sort of slapstick style at times . And the American versions have two love scenes removed . Quite frankly , without a remastered , uncut copy , I was n't really getting the proper movie in all its glory.<br /><br />This film claims to be the fourth in a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky . I suspect this is true , but you would n't know this from the film itself . The plot is confusing at times , and there 's really no indication that this is a sequel . If you read the plot summaries on Wikipedia and compare them to what is printed on the box , you 'll see that I 'm not alone in my confusion.<br /><br />Perhaps the film 's shortcomings can be forgiven if we understand the production hell it went through . While floating around for years , it was only released in 1973 , due to problems involved in finding a distributor . And Naschy said in his autobiography that the director , Zabalza , was an incompetent alcoholic , and that he hated working with him . Those really are n't light accusations , and I have no idea what Zabalza had to say on his own behalf.<br /><br />Chances are , sooner or later you 'll come across a low - grade version of " Fury of the Wolfman " . It appears in a variety of three - packs and box sets , so you might accidentally acquire it and not even know . What really needs to happen is an American uncut version , with a decent sound and video mix , and the love scenes thrown back in . As far as I know , this does not exist . Let us honor Paul Naschy 's legacy and get his films to a wider audience in a level of quality he deserves .
0 Spanish horror icon Paul Naschy stars in this , one of his weakest werewolf films ... but bear with me for a moment . Most people will be familiar with it under its most common television title , THE FURY OF THE WOLF MAN , and there have been many home video versions of it over the years . If you want to be serious about giving it a fair shot though , the most workable edition I 've seen of it goes by the title THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS , and it 's an unedited and complete European version which restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains the original nude shots which are missing from FURY 's print . It is also letterboxed.<br /><br />Naschy plays Waldemar Daninsky , returning home from a trip to Tibet only to find out that he 's contracted a werewolf curse and that his wife has been having an affair . He takes care of her and her lover while in animal form , but then becomes a guinea pig for a sexy woman doctor and her female assistant . Apparently , the doc attempts to " tame " the werewolf , and there is a very strange sado - masochistic love scene between her and the hairy and fanged Daninsky who is under her trance , at least in the original version . Ultimately we get two werewolves for the price of one as Daninsky battles a she - wolf ! < br /><br />The biggest problem with the movie is that the director ( according to Naschy 's claims ) was often drunk , and the results are indeed rather incoherent . When watching THE WOLF MAN NEVER SLEEPS copy , it 's not quite as difficult to make out what 's going on , though the editing remains atrocious in spots . Worst of all is occasional non - matching footage of Naschy 's ravenous werewolf swiped straight from another previous film ( LA MARC DEL HOMBRE LOBO , aka " FRANKENSTEIN 'S BLOODY TERROR " ) and mixed into this one without any sensible reason ! The wolf 's clothing changes from black shirt to white and back again , as does his demeanor ; one moment the wolf is walking around lethargically in a hypnotic trance from FURY , next he is growling and running around savagely from BLOODY TERROR . Really bizarre .
0 " La Furia del Hombre Lobo " forms a completely stand - alone storyline which does n't seem to fit in at all with the previous Waldemar Daninsky movies . Some have commented that this movie is supposed to take place before the events of " Werewolf Shadow " , although it was released afterwards ... they may be right , I 'm not sure . Anyway , in this movie Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti - like creature in Tibet ( great dialogue here -- " It was a yeti . But that 's impossible . I 'm a scientist and these things do n't exist . It was a hallucination . That 's all . " ) and although marked with the sign of the pentagram , he is able to prevent the change into a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him . Changing into the beast one night , he kills both her and her lover before running out into a storm and being electrocuted . It 's not long before he 's resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is conducting some kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control . He is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals.<br /><br />First of all -- Jacinto Molina , Paul Naschy , whatever you want to call him , he 's a fine actor and cared passionately about his work . No matter how flawed these movies are , you can always rely on him for a decent performance . The rest of the cast seem good enough , but it 's hard to tell when they have a half - assed voice - over dubbed over all their lines . And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice - over artists they used were just awful , awful , awful . Whenever I chuckled during the movie it was at the inept way that they delivered their lines ( they seem to constantly refer to the hero as " Waldeman " ) . But unfortunately it 's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy movies , although they 're sometimes available in the original language without subtitles.<br /><br />The directing of Jose Maria Zabalza seems sort of hit - and - miss ... there are some great visual ideas in some scenes , while others are badly constructed and poorly edited , particularly in the final scenes when it really counts . The reason for this , was that Zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set . He allowed his fourteen year old nephew to rewrite Molina 's dialogue , used extras without his permission , and spliced several shots from Molina 's earlier movies . All of this pretty much ruined any chance this movie had of being one of Molina 's best works , and it 's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again.<br /><br />But it 's not all bad news , as there are some good ideas here . Some aspects of the storyline make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage . The ' werewolf as a yeti ' idea is one that returned in Molina 's later work . Some pretty horrific and surreal stuff goes on down in the cellar , and there 's also a very memorable sequence about half way through the film where Daninsky runs from house to house through a village , slaughtering or molesting innocents as he goes -- one scene is particularly intense , but it 's actually lifted straight from Molina 's first movie , " La Marca del Hombre - lobo " along with a few other shots . I actually found the movie on the whole to be very entertaining , although there are some problems with the Front Row Entertainment version , such as pretty obvious cuts ( although some of it may simply be due to the director 's lack of continuity ) . Gods knows what omissions there are -- I 'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version at some stage in the future.<br /><br />This is a overall a decent piece of vintage Naschy which experienced fans might enjoy , but it could have been much better and so probably would n't make a great introduction .
0 " While traveling in the mountains , a man is attached by a mysterious creature that promptly departs , leaving no trace of its presence . Unbeknownst to the man , he has been attacked by a werewolf and now he 's inherited the curse associated with such creatures . Now our hero must race against time to rid himself of this dreadful affliction before the next full moon , " according to the DVD sleeve 's synopsis.<br /><br />Horrifically re - produced from the original Spanish , " The Fury of the Wolf Man " loses whatever charms it may have possessed in its original form . Lycanthropic Paul Naschy 's werewolf characterization is uneven and ineffectual . Dominatrix scientist Perla Cristal and sexy assistant Verónica Luján never get close enough to truly titillate . The often incoherent storyline is n't even ghoulishly amusing .
0 I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently , on one of those dollar DVD 's that seem to be everywhere nowadays , and was so moved by it that I can not contain myself . For those who have never seen this mesmerizingly miserable Mexican import , and wish to view it without being prejudiced by anyone else 's jaundiced commentary , there are undoubtedly substantial spoilers in what follows . So if you are one of those reckless individuals , stop reading at once and go and watch it for yourself . If you get drunk enough in advance , you might be fortunate enough to pass out before it 's over.<br /><br />Begin with the premise that a man may become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti . No one in the film ventures an explanation as to how this sort of cross - species implantation could occur , and the rest of the movie is even more hopelessly nonsensical . But pour yourself another glass of wine ( or whatever you 're drinking ) , and let us proceed.<br /><br />Paul Naschy ( our werewolf ) has the look of a man fighting a toothache , in a town where the only dentist has traded his supply of Novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey , and has been drunk ever since . ( Ai n't he the lucky one ? ) Naschy 's facial expression never varies , whether in or out of makeup , and apparently no one gave him any coaching on how to act like a werewolf . Occasionally he tries to imitate the Lon Chaney Jr. crouch , but most of the time he simply strolls around in his black mafia shirt , like just another cool dude with a tad too much facial hair . To be fair , the makeup is actually better than the actor inside of it , but the continuity is infinitely worse . Naschy 's werewolf is the only one I can think of that changes shirts twice in the middle of a prowl . He goes from black shirt to red shirt , then back to black , then back to red , then back to black , all in a single , frenzied night . Interestingly enough , he always does the Chaney crouch while wearing the red shirt , and the cool dude walk while wearing the black shirt . And it 's only while he is wearing the red shirt that we see much of the fury alluded to in the title . Presumably there 's something about that red shirt that just brings out the animal in him.<br /><br />So anyway , after being bitten by the cross - pollinating yeti , the poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to learn that his wife has been sleeping with one of his students . The two illicit lovers try to murder him by adjusting the brakes on his car . He survives the wreck , and makes it home just in time for a full moon . Then , after chewing up his wife and her lover , he wanders off again , and somehow manages to get himself electrocuted . But is that enough ? Can they let this tormented wretch rest in peace ? Not a chance . He is resurrected by a supposed female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish , otherwise known as " The Doctor " ( and definitely not a new incarnation of Doctor Who ) . She digs him up and whisks him away to her kinky kastle , takes him down to the dungeon , chains him to the wall , and gives him a damn good flogging . Presumably such a string of indignities ought to be enough to put a little fury into any wolfman.<br /><br />After his two - shirted rampage , our wolfman spends most of the rest of the film wandering around the castle , trying to find a way out . ( And who can blame him ? ) In the course of his wanderings , he encounters a bewilderingly incoherent assortment of clichés , including a man dressed in medieval armor , a curiously inept Phantom of the Opera impersonator ( supposedly The Doctor 's father ) , and a hard - partying cadre of bondage slaves.<br /><br />So what 's it all about , one may reasonably ask ? One gets the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control , and involves something The Doctor calls " chemotrodes . " ( Best guess . I really have no idea how it 's spelled , if there even is such a thing . ) Mercifully , the experiment ends in failure , and most importantly , it ends ... before one has time to gnaw one 's own leg off.<br /><br />Of course , one does n't really expect any sense from a film like this , but at least it ought to be good for laughs . This one is n't . Forget it , buddy . There is a creeping sort of anarchy about this film , from its patched - together , tequila - drenched ambiance to its atrocious cinematography and agonizing musical score , that defies even the most sozzled attempts to get any MST3 K type laughs out of it . If it 's not even good for that , what the hell is it good for ? If Montezuma 's revenge could have somehow been digitally remastered and put on a DVD , it would have looked exactly like this movie .
0 This review applies for the cut of the film that 's generally available as " Fury of the Wolfman " . I understand there is an uncut version out there with additional footage , and I would hope that it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as " Fury of the Wolfman " . In short , the movie makes absolutely no sense whatsoever . It is utter nonsense , and incomprehensible nonsense at that.<br /><br />Waldemar Daninsky , that venerable lycanthropic antihero portrayed by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films , is apparently a normal guy who has just come back from a trip to Tibet , where he was attacked by a yeti . Somehow this has turned him into a werewolf . Daninsky is a doctor , a scientist , and an instructor at what appears to be a college . One of his female colleagues , Ilona Elmann , is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes " , a nonsense word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim 's head . Ellman feels this will enable her to " change the direction of the human brain " , naturally enabling her to rule the world , provided she can get us all attached to those wires with no trouble.<br /><br />Elmann is also into werewolves , because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory . She has a bunch of other people trapped there as well . Some of them look like gypsies , and are chained up , being in varying states of lucidity . Others are clearly hippies . Elmann feels that one day she may be able to " help them be human again " ( ? ) , but in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes . Waldemar becomes her hairy hit man , wandering around like a werewolf zombie -- that is until the filmmakers decide to use footage spliced in from another Naschy werewolf film , " Frankenstein 's Bloody Terror " ( do n't ask ) , at which point Naschy 's werewolf makeup changes considerably and he lurches around like an animal.<br /><br />Is this making any sense ? No ? Good . That 's the film 's saving grace . It does n't try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level , it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets it can muster up . " Fury of the Wolfman " may be the best Halloween party movie ever . You absolutely do not need to pay attention to it , and in fact if you do , you will be completely confused .
0 Despite some mildly thought - provoking oddities in the script and the film 's overall curiosity value , Fury of the Wolfman emerges as a dull , uninteresting excursion into lycanthropy , saved only by the statuesque presence of villainess Perla Cristal . The rest of the players , including the hammy Naschy , are a complete write - off ( though admittedly none are helped by often atrocious dubbing ) . Although the screenplay packs in enough variations on werewolf / Frankenstein / Dr Moreau themes to flesh out a dozen movies , the plot is so unevenly developed , the characterizations so feeble and the dialogue so verbosely ridiculous ( at least in the English version ) , that any latent interest in the turgid proceedings is soon quashed.<br /><br />Zabalza 's direction seems jerky , even amateurish . His staging is clumsy and ineffective . He is not helped by Villasenor 's over - bright lighting . Even promising sets are so unatmospherically photographed that the director 's few attempts to give the audience a fright are signaled far in advance < br /><br />Other credits fall into a similar pattern of ineptitude , though the stridently over - emphatic music score and the laughably crude , totally primitive special effects deserve special condemnation .
0 Whoever made this nonsense completely missed the point . Jane is a silly comic strip to titillate without being sleazy.<br /><br />This giant mess tries to be funny and exciting but is just a shambles . There is not one decent performance in it .. even the usually reliable Jasper Carrott is painfully unfunny.<br /><br />The American bloke whose name escapes me is just as rubbiush as he was in flash gordon.<br /><br />Maud Adams tries as a villianess but she is a bit long in the tooth for this type of thing . All of these things would not matter if the girl was sexy or funny or likable . She is not . Kirsten Holmes faded into obscurity after this and so much the better.<br /><br />I've flushed more entertaining things than this down the toilet . Avoid
0 I must admit that I have been a sucker for Samurai flicks since I can remember . I used to watch rather indiscriminate , be it " elitist " works like The Seven Samurai or the bloody comic - book variation like Lone Wolf and Cub . I also liked US-/Japanese " Crossovers " like The Bushido Blade . And of course everything containing Sonny Chiba and Hiroyuki Sanada . And I 've virtually watched every Samurai at least twice . But not Kabuto.<br /><br />In 1993 I first watched Kabuto on video , that even Samurai films can be boring . In the beginning I was looking forward to Mayeda reaching Europe and the confrontations that would come from that but by the time he actually reached Spain , I really did n't care so much for the movie anymore.<br /><br />It would n't do the film justice to call it " bad " . Technically it 's a clean entry into the genre . But there is simply never quiet enough . Sho Kosugi has limited skills as both director and actor and has only a fraction of above mentioned Japanese actors charisma . And speaking of Sho Kosugis son Kane , who appears in almost all Sho Kosugi films as Shos son : he has inherited little - to - none of his fathers limited acting skills . Adding to the minus - points is the absence of the blood and gore that until then was a trademark of all Samurai film . This was obviously intended for a younger US- / European audience.<br /><br />Lets just say that it 's a so - so film for the average historic - action - adventure fan but a bore for hardened fans of Samurai cinema . Fans who are into the " Samurai meets  " -genre , should rather go and watch Red Sun ( 1971 ) , featuring Charles Bronson as cowboy who has to team up with Samurai Toshiro Mifume to retrieve a samurai sword from bad - guy Alan Delon . It pretty much how to do it right and where Kabuto went wrong.<br /><br />So , even though the film is a mere 100 minutes , it seems like a much longer film.<br /><br />The reason I gave this a honourable 4/10 points instead of 3/10 : First time I saw this film , I saw it in the German synchronized version . In this version , Kosugi can actually be understood . I must admit that his ' Engrish ' is at times funny but gets tiresome after about 30 minutes .
0 Oh my , I think this may be the single cheesiest movie I 've ever seen . I 'm serious , this is one of the ultimate b - movies . The first proof is that it is n't a $ 5 DVD . Oh no , that 's too mainstream for this . I got this on VHS , from a bin full of ex - rental videos at my local video store.<br /><br />If I may quote the blurb : " In 17th Century Japan , there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages . His name was Mayeda . He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain . Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives . Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan . " It then goes on to say " A multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents" < br /><br />I must have seen a different movie . This was no epic , and it certainly was n't a multi million dollar anything . No , ' Shogun Mayeda ' is really just the crazy adventures of the Engrish - speaking Mayeda ( Sho Kosugi ) . He is n't even a Shogun really , but that s not important . What is important , is that he does a really cool impression of John Cleese 's repeated charging of the one castle in ' Monty Python and the Holy Grail ' , and his ability to go from serious scenes to showing off his samurai mind powers . Awesome.<br /><br />The greatest thing about this movie is Sho Kosugi 's Engrish accent . The movie may lack nearly everything that makes a good movie , but makes up for it with some of the cheesiest lines ever , delivered by the coolest Engrish accent ever . And honestly , do you really want anything else ? You could fast forward ' Shogun Mayeda ' to the end , and replay Kosugi 's final line over and over . The tape will probably wear out before you get tired of that one line . Awesome.<br /><br />2/10 - So very very cheesy .
0 In 17th Century Japan , there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages . His name was Mayeda . He is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the King of Spain . Whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives . Mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved Japan . Shogun Mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.<br /><br />Starring cinema legends Sho Kosugi ( Tenchu : Stealth Assassins ) , Christopher Lee ( Star Wars , Lord of the Rings Trilogy ) , John Rhys Davies ( Lord of the Rings Trilogy , Indiana Jones Trilogy ) and Toshiro Milfune ( The Seven Samurai , Throne of Blood ) , Shogun Mayeda ( Kabuto ) is a film masterpiece.<br /><br />The Osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by Bob Ivy bring exciting battle / action sequences such as the opening battle against the Eastern army , the attack on Mayeda 's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between Sho Kosugi and David Essex . A fine musical score by famed composer John Scott is also present . Director Sho Kusugi was not even nominated for an Oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of Mayedas family , the search for love and acceptance after grieving , all of which is dealt with extremely well . Highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.<br /><br />Please note : All of the above is opposite for the film in question .
0 I ca nt help it but i seem to like films that are meant to be scary and are just plain bad . I have personally listed it in my own top 10 worst movies right under creatures of the abyss!. Watch this film and have a laugh just do n't expect to see any academy awards for acting . More chance of understanding the film its self . In all honesty though i have seen much worse than this . Plus some maniac cruising round the desert wiping the same people out that just died is that unbelievable that its got to be original . i think its one of those love or hate movies . you can make up your own mind yes its awful but it pulls it off somehow that s why i love it
0 I viewed this movie in DVD format . My copy may have been affected but I was disappointed with the lack of menu screen for the DVD . I will say that my initial reason for viewing this movie was Claire Forlani . While fun to watch , I feel she did n't live up to my expectations that I have so far found from her other films . I actually was equally pleased to see Arkin turn in a humorous performance . The other two actors I was n't very familiar with so I ca n't compare their performance , however they were fairly enjoyable also . The acting is the only endearing quality of this movie in my opinion . The story line , while some could say slightly compelling , lacked direction . I feel that the main problem stems from the script and not the direction of this film . If you enjoy any of these actors to a fair extent then I recommend this film , but otherwise leave it alone .
0 I was expecting a very funny movie . Instead , I got a movie with a few funny jokes , and many that just did n't work . I did n't like the idea of bringing in Sherlock Holmes ' and Moriarty 's descendants . It was confusing . It would have been more funny if they just had someone new , instead of Moriarty resurrected . Some of the things were funny . Burt Kwouk was very funny , as always . McCloud on the horse was funny . The McGarrett from Hawaii 5 - 0 was not even McGarrett - like . Connie Booth obviously is very good with accents . She is from Indiana , but played English and a New Yorker pretty well . Unfortunately , she was not presented much into the script . I was expecting a more funny film . Instead , I got a rather confusing movie with a poor script . Rather ironic , since both Booth and Cleese were together on this one . Maybe they were about to break up in 77 .
0 No laughs whatsoever . Yes , I watched this entire train wreck but only so that I would n't later wonder if Cleese had come to his senses in the latter part . ( No , he had not . ) < br /><br />This may be historically interesting to you youngsters out there , to see that British " humor " included black " jokes " like these , thirty years ago . < br /><br />What amazes me even more though , is to read the other reviewers ' comments , which acknowledge this is n't very good , yet then turn around and give it high votes . If the vast majority of the comedies that you have seen are even much worse than this one , then I certainly pity your torturous existences . < br /><br />The humor level of this show appears aimed at little kids , yet the subject matter does not . So who is this for ? People who enjoy repeated & drawn - out double - takes , pratfalls , drug jokes ( interesting only as a short trip back to ' 77 ) , and other " low " humor . The Three Stooges are still funny , and were to me as a kid , too . THEY exerted some effort in making jokes work . This however is sloughed off schlock . I fear that it IS the end of civilization , if this stuff really is accepted as worthwhile . Next you 'll be telling me that tabloid TV is popular . :(
0 This is a fair little show about the paranormal although it feels as if Art Bell and his ilk figured out how to carve a career out of the attitude that Carl Kolchak exemplified . Of course there probably would n't be an X - Files if this show had n't prepped this audience for it so well . Darren McGavin is not exactly the super - heroic type but he is a plausible(enough ) guy to deliver heroic deeds . Check out his work on some of those old Alfred Hitchcock Presents . Here he is the main attraction , there does n't seem to be a girlfriend or wife who 's a distraction . In fact there is n't a whole lot of sex appeal to the show . Something I 'm noticing as well is that the pacing is n't really suspenseful in a typical way . There 's a lot of throwaway humor to this show . Sometimes its just pokey to get to the climax . There 's a thread from this show coming all the way up to the present MAD MEN show in terms of style . Not that David Chase writes Mad Men but the people that worked under him on The Sopranos definitely have emulated and inherited his serio - comic tone .
0 A childless couple ( Brooke Adams , Jeff Hayenga ) go to a doctor ( James Karen ) to try to conceive . It works but Adams slowly becomes aware that there 's something seriously wrong with the baby ... <br /><br />Pretty interesting idea is thoroughly done in by a lousy script -- the basic idea is OK but becomes screamingly predictable towards the end . I saw every " twist " coming . The direction is poor -- he seems to have no idea how to shoot a basic scene . The production values are -- to be nice -- lousy . Very shabby . And , the gore scenes are too unpleasant ( I almost turned it off when a pregnant woman started stabbing herself in the stomach ) with lousy special effects . The film completely derails at the end when it becomes quite clear they had no idea HOW to end this film.<br /><br />Some good acting makes it somewhat bearable . Adams , Hayenga and Karen are all good at their roles and kept me watching but that was about it . This film barely got released in 1991 and still remains unknown -- it 's easy to see why . I give it a 4 .
0 It 's a good thing I did n't watch this while i was pregnant . I definitely would have cried my eyes out and/or vomit . It was Kind of gruesome mainly disturbing . I personally thought the baby was adorable in its own twisted little way . However as a mom I cringed when Beth stabbed herself in the stomach and when Virgina aborted the child during her 3rd trimester with rusty utensils no less . Also , as an animal lover i almost cried when she scratched the cat to a bloody pulp . However , As creepy and sinister as the baby was I was rooting for it to live . And as twisted as the movie was I am extremely intrigued to see the sequel ...... ......... ....... ......... ......... ....... ...... .....
0 Oh ... my ... god ... this is without a doubt the absolute cheesiest movie I have ever seen . The acting is bad , the story is weak , the characters are weaker , and the whole film just does n't make sense . Couple this with mediocre directing , really strange scenes ( such as the one where the kid reaches over the ravine and mysteriously falls in ) , and thoroughly abysmal dialog ( " Look ! " " Musta peed his pants ! " ) , and you get one complete failure . Not to mention the fact that the only thing Mr. Atlas looks like he could defeat is a case of chocolate bars . But this is part of the movie 's charm . Sit down and watch it with a few of your friends for a good laugh . < br /><br />I love this movie , because it 's just SO BAD !
0 A youth gets a bad hair day , goes out on a hill , and falls into where he ca n't escape . Then , he meets MR . ATLAS , a " mythological " dude from 2,000 years ago as his very best friend , and an Arnold Schwarzenegger look - and - sound - alike . His Herculean strength helps the boy out of danger , and later adjusts to modern life . So what 's the big deal ? This is the lousiest idea for a " family " outing ! Either way , this one should n't have been attempted at all , really ! Our fictional character of might and brawn is nothing more than a typical stranger who appears ordinary to the rest of the universe . To add to the blasphemy is the lack of anything new or appealing , and before you know it , there is some attempted violence that does n't qualify this as " family " entertainment . The scene where Atlas complains of his undershorts is gaggling , though . Just spend a nice , quiet afternoon in the park for a change .
0 This film is pretty poor . The acting is abysmal and completely forced . Furthermore , by shooting the film as a docudrama does n't necessarily make it more believable , you ca n't get out of it that easily Mr Dir . Do n't let my comments mislead you however , as i would recommend you watch this film , as it does shed some light on the psychology or non existent psychology behind the perpetrators of such crimes . However , the climax of the film is absolutely rubbish ! There is no other way to put it ! It pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere ! What takes place does not translate to me any feelings of desperation , panic , fear or dread that one would surely experience in such terrifying circumstances . No instead it leaves you with jaw dropping " Was that it ? ! " spilling from your tongue , and by no means are you haunted by these boys actions . Rather you just feel embarrassed for yet another film that started with potential , but ended up falling flat on its face at the most crucial point . Zero Day indeed .... zzzzzzzzzzzzz
0 I am fully aware there is no statistical data that readily supports the correlation between video games and real life violence . The movie is false and phony because it is in complete contradiction of itself , which is what I tried to emphasize in my original review . The movie fails , not necessarily because I really do think these kids were influenced by video games , but because the movie sets it up as " random " and does n't follow through . Let me clarify . In Aileen : Life and Death of a Serial Killer , you can see her claims about the police and being controlled by radio waves are ridiculous , yet she is so troubled , she really believes them to be true . The viewer can make the distinction however . In Zero Day , the 2 kids keep saying how they are not influenced by anything environmental , which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts this . Neo - nazism , talking about going on CNN with Wolf Blitzer ( which is laughable not only because they know his name , but its a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to get coverage of his bad movie) .. etc . This movie does n't depict ' reality ' , it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point . Unfortunately you fell for the bait and did n't see this , and you did n't pick up on it from my review either . The entire movie is just taking Michael Moore 's hypothesis and applying it to something " real life " in hopes of validating and it fails , not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong , but because the movie is wrong and does n't support it . Of course I do n't think kids that play video games are more likely to kill people , but if I 'm not mistaken , did n't video tape exist of the Columbine kids ( or some teen killers ) shooting guns in the forest claiming how much they looked or acted like the weaponry in Doom ? Hmmmmmmm , the distinction is kids are most likely aware of the media , influenced , but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that its not even an issue . Zero Day is a bad movie not because I really believe a correlation exists , but because the film maker does n't know what he s trying to say , and the movie does more to disprove his point then support it . It 's almost as if the new ratings given to video games made someone upset so they came up with ' Zero Day ' in retaliation . If you want to see the ' mindless ' teen killer theory pulled off right , go watch Bully .
0 Unfortunately the movie is more concerned with making lame social commentary on a real event , but does nt have the balls to legitimately document what happened . The constant rhetoric of how violent video games are not to blame ( I get the impression Ben Coccio is an avid gamer ) , or how media and music is completely devoid of influence is the obvious message ( we even get a laughable scene of the two boys burning ALL their cd 's , talk about subtlety ! ) , but the movie only gets away with it because its ' fiction ' . Nice try . Yes its a great idea to relieve media of influence , but how do we know the kids that have actually planned and executed a school shooting were nt influenced by media ? or video games ? We do nt , and we wo nt with this movie because once again these kids are smart enough to completely relinquish the media , yet dumb enough to scorch a nazi symbol on the ground ? haha I somehow do nt think so.<br /><br />The movie bats you over the head with its portrayal of the normalcy of the families , its almost doing a disservice to think that there was n't a serious flaw in the family dynamic of kids that have actually gone out and shot their fellow schoolmates . Why is everyone so concerned with making killers seem " normal " , when they are so obviously not ? A completely false and phony depiction .
0 Recap : According to legend , the Valkyrie Brunhilda defied Odin and was chained to a rock surrounded by an eternal fire . Only a warrior pure in heart can pass through the flames , free Brunhilda and release her from Odin 's claim , and have her for himself . Now , war is brewing in the Norse lands , and the King needs an alliance with the Berserkers . The Berserkers are warriors claimed by Odin 's valkyries , lusting for war , blood and flesh , and therefore outcasts , but superior in battle . The leader of the Berserkers is a scorned son of the King , Boar , and his price for the alliance is his brother , the future king , Barek . But after the King is victorious in battle , he refuses to give up his only remaining son , breaking his oath to Boar and betray him and kill him . Boar is saved only by Barek 's call upon Odin . But this is only the start of the battle between the brothers , and their final battle is about to start now , a millennia later ... <br /><br />Comments : I had hopes that this would be a movie based upon some Viking ground , far too little quality movie about Viking has been done . It started out very good too , with detailed longships and armors , nice and fitting sceneries and an OK battle.<br /><br />The foundation in the Aesir myths is thin and seems very corrupted to me . Odin is much more vengeful , spiteful and absent than I remind him from school , and the valkyries has been turned into some vampire - demons . I 'm no expert , but that seems outright wrong.<br /><br />But the fatal mistake made by this movie is to move the time - setting from the original time - period to today . If the two brothers had fought it out in the correct time , with some decent battles , this movie would have been much better . Now the setting , suddenly is changed to present day Stockholm . Still , Odin is present and is sending Boar and his berserkers for Brunhilda and Barek which gives silly scenes when armor - clad and painted berserkers swordfights with Barek among the industries . Beautiful mountains and woods have been exchanged for cement . And when allowed to focus upon single fights , instead of massive battles as in the beginning , I quickly saw that the fights and skills of the actors are slow and clumsy.<br /><br />The end result is thin story , sometimes hard to follow and other times just silly , and the only that could save it , the action , is drawn from slow , dull and clumsy swordfights . It draws very little from Aesir myth or Viking tradition . Thus both story and action fails , and the movie is just plain bad.<br /><br />Finally , as a Swede , this movie is a little confusing . Supposedly filmed entirely in South Africa , it still contains some familiar Swedish signs , plates and what seems to be an authentic police car . However , the effort is poor and only goes so far , as to really set it in Sweden . No names are Swedish ( perhaps with Anya as the exception ) , no familiar sceneries are Swedish , they ( supposedly ) speak a little ( ancient ? ) Norwegian , not Swedish . And uniforms , both police and medical , are clearly not Swedish . If they were not going to even try to do it correctly - and really give the illusion that it is set in Sweden , why bother at all ? < br /><br />4/10
0 I had no background knowledge of this movie before I bought it , but it sounded cool and I 've been wanting to see a really kick - butt Viking movie for awhile now ... alas , this film was not what I was looking for . I had hoped for the best , but instead , was delivered a boring Nordic soap - opera that seemed to drag on too long despite its 84 minute running time . The film 's premise is intriguing enough : It 's about a Viking warlord who defies his God and Odin is so enraged that he curses the warlord 's son , named Barek , to death and rebirth as a Berserker . This Barek guy is then forced to live enraged , insane , and violent lifetime after lifetime . The movie is filmed competently enough , with some rich cinematography and quasi - good performances by the actors , but again , I found myself bored and questioning when this dribble would end . The filmmakers had a chance to make something rather entertaining and semi - unique but they dropped the ball . Perhaps it could 've been improved with some cheap exploitation tactics thrown in such as gratuitous nudity and lots of gore ... I mean , we are talking about " Berserkers " here , are n't we ? Vikings were supposed to be BAD enough , what with all the raping and pillaging , so are n't Berserkers supposed to be even more extreme ? All in all , unless you 're a fan of The Young and Restless ( etc ... ) or , are yourself , in fact , an insane Berserker who likes self torture , I 'd probably steer clear of this drab piece of celluloid .
0 This movie sucks from beginning till ( especially ) the end . You probably do n't get ' m any worse , acting , storyline , photography , camera work , etcetera it 's all bad , very , very bad.<br /><br />But that 's what makes it a ' great ' watch , it will give you more than enough good laughs . The worse , the better ! < br /><br />I really have no clue what so ever of what these people were thinking making this movie . A serious viking movie ? The story is goddamn ridiculous , it 's more like a comedy in disguise , kinda like Mafia , also pointless but damn funny.<br /><br />And look out for the very very end of the movie ... uhum .
0 The film portrays France 's unresolved problems with its colonial legacy in Western ( Francophone ) Africa through the befuddled and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman , France ( herein symbolically representing her nation ) . It is an often engaging and challenging portrait of a young woman 's desire to come to terms with a traumatic moment in her past , in particular , and a nation 's desire to reach out to the ' other ' it once ' owned ' and moulded . This is reflected in the way in which it centres entirely around the notion of travelling ( or being in transit ) from the present to the past ; remembered realities to undeniable contemporary political and economic actualities.<br /><br />The characters all play a symbolic , albeit a limited and unconvincing role . France , meant to be a visual as well as a totemic representation of contemporary French society , leaves one indifferent to her plight as she seems still to be imbued with the same naiveté she enjoyed as a child - in fact as a child she seems more in possession of her reality . The rest of the rag - tag ensemble is just forgettable . The black Africans are , to say the least , offencive impressionistic portraits of former colonised peoples now colonised by the director 's poor handling of her material . They are no more than a dark and moribund backdrop against which the blythe - like France wonders seeking a world she never knew , and hoping for one that can never be found in Cameroon .
0 I am astounded at the positive reviews for this thoroughly uninspiring film.<br /><br />Often with foreign films I skip over reviews that complain about slow pace and seeming " absence of action " as many of the best international films do not live up to the Western Hollywood model of cinematic storytelling.<br /><br />I enjoy the frequent artfulness and lack of cliché in the foreign film arena . I enjoy that many foreign films do n't tie things up in a neat palatable little bow.<br /><br />That said , this particular film offered no redemptive value for the time I wasted watching it . No meaningful character development , no engaging story arc , no way to get emotionally involved with any of the characters on screen . < br /><br />Synopsis : A bunch of emotionally immature uptight prejudiced colonials mistreat their slaves , and a little girl gets hurt by her only friend when the " house - boy " finally gets fed up and takes his abuse out on her . < br /><br />While the above paragraph is poignant and dramatic , this movie will bore you while playing out the scenario . I was so unengaged that it took three sittings to finish it , and I would n't have even done that were it not for the positive ratings . < br /><br />Unless you have an academic interest in the period I strongly suggest steering clear of this one .
0 I am very open to foreign films and like to think that I grasp what they are trying to accomplish although some things are lost in translation . But the simplicity and " intelligence " of this film were boring . I 've often thought how interesting it would be to make a movie that just shows a typical day or time period that really had no point . Now that I 've seen a movie like that I will no longer be thinking along those lines . There 's tones about society , racism , and some desire ... but South Park has that . And when I watch South Park it actually moves me to feel an emotion . The closest thing I felt to an emotion during this movie was the yawn I experienced after the first five minutes . I rate the typical movie a seven or above because I love most every film . I gave this film a one .
0 Some good movies keep you in front of the TV , and you are dying to see the result.<br /><br />This movie does not have highs and lows . It simply describes a young girl 's family life in Africa . People come and go , the weather and the background are all the same.<br /><br / >
0 Boring children 's fantasy that gives Joan Plowright star billing but little to do . Sappy kids pursue their dreams . Frankie wants to be a ballerina and a baseball player ( yuk ) while best - friend Hazel runs for mayor --- she 's 13 ! Totally pedestrian in every way , plus the added disadvantage of syrupy performances by the girls as well as the baseball boys . Certainly a lesser effort for Showtime --- no limits ?
0 Of the ten actors who portrayed Philo Vance in the series , Edmund Lowe seemed the most personable , but in this script the audience is way ahead of the famed detective . After all , when the jockey , Douglas Walton , stares blankly in space , obviously hypnotized , and says something like " I must ride and be killed , " I felt it was dumb that no one picked up on it after he does get killed . The police thought it was a suicide because he said he would do it ! After hated horse owner Gene Lockhart gets shot and killed , Frieda Inescort does the same thing , saying she 's going out to be killed , and then fatally jumps off a bus . I laughed when Lowe finally yells " I got it , " as though it were a revelation . The guilty party , however , was cleverly concealed and there was considerable suspense generated when that party starts to hypnotize Lowe to get him to jump off a roof .
0 N.B. : Spoilers within . Assigning an artistic director to an operatic production naturally and inevitably means you are going to get a piece of that director 's mind . But directing a Wagner opera is an especially tricky task , as he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of what things should look like and how they should unfold . Hans - Jurgen Syberberg loads this filming of " Parsifal , " Wagner 's final masterpiece , with enough extraneous ideas to cause it to nearly burst at the seams . You get more than a piece of the director : you get the whole fatted hog and then some . Syberberg is to be admired for his penchant for tearing back the covers on the uglier aspects of German history . But does it work to meld that desire to a Wagner opera already brimming with its own concepts ? < br /><br />The scenes with the knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III are especially laden with visual allegory and symbolism . These are drawn come from Wagner 's own time , from long before , and go well beyond . If you know what these things mean , they can enrich Syberberg 's vision for you ( but not necessarily enhance Wagner 's vision ) ; if you do n't know what they mean , they 're simply confusing , if not annoying . I wo n't bother uncoiling the plot of the opera here . Suffice it to say it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of diverse elements , in this case a blending of the Holy Grail legend with the principles , practices , and pageantry of Christianity . The theme of redemption plays the main role here , as in nearly every Wagner opera.<br /><br />I personally had to sweat to get through Syberberg 's first act ( amidst my jarring acclimation , the music saved the day ) . But Act II picks up the pace . Here we meet Klingsor , the evil sorcerer , out to entrap the wandering " innocent fool " Parsifal . The greatest seductress of them all , Kundry , will be used to entice him to the dark side . After an initial dalliance with more symbols , these get stripped away , and the long , gorgeous , transformational duet between young fool and temptress really takes off . Finally the film starts working a genuine magic , and it is chiefly due to Syberberg 's choosing to set things naturally and simply . Suddenly the acting starts to work ( the expressive actress Edith Clever and the luscious soprano of Yvonne Minton team to create a wondrous Kundry ) ; suddenly the music seems to come to life and make vivid the inner turmoil of the two characters . The camera work stays simple and quietly fluid . In other words , Wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms . And it works beautifully . For me it was the most engrossing part of the film.<br /><br />With the re - entrance of the knights in part 2 of Act III , the weird extraneous symbolisms unfortunately creep back in . Some other loony Syberberg ideas : using a huge Wagner death - mask as a major set - piece ( causing the composer 's protuberant proboscis to loom comically large ) ; dressing the Act III knights in all manner of costumes , wigs , and makeup ( what is the director saying ? That the knights are a bunch of buffoons ? That they express multiple or timeless layers of significance beyond their surface functions ? It 's anybody 's guess ) ; the insertion  just after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry by Parsifal  of rear - projection footage of the conductor rehearsing , in modern - day realism , his orchestra in the studio ( this completely snapped my dramatic thread , requiring a few minutes to regroup ) ; the complete avoidance of having any time pass between Acts II and III ( when we meet the knight and " narrator " Gurnemanz again , he should be an old , old man , and Parsifal should re - emerge as a world - weary but wiser middle - aged man ) ; but certainly the most bizarre stroke is to split the Parsifal character into male / female components . Some find this the most brilliant stroke . No doubt I can credit Karin Krick , who plays " Parsifal 2 , " with acting of strength and dignity ( she also happens to be the best lip - syncher of the whole cast ) . But please ... Wagner 's conception of Parsifal is already so complex . His growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past , to his breakthrough realization in Act II of what Amfortas 's eternal wound means and how it has become his own , to his return as the great Redeemer of Act III  this is the journey of a masterfully constructed character . The bi - sexual emphasis is just gimmicky and absurd . ( And what 's with this nonsense about a homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal ? ? Ca n't we just accept a mentor / apprentice relationship , which is marvelously reversed in Act III ? ) < br /><br />The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty ( though the chorus is disappointing ) . But after watching this film I only wanted to whip out my Solti - led recording ( HIGHLY recommended ) and get my Wagnerian bearings straight again . The film experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to infuriating . To Syberberg 's credit , he 's created a visually arresting work , and he certainly offers a unique take on an important opera . But instead of sticking to " Parsifal , " he seems to have wanted to bring in all things Wagnerian : the man , the life , the enormous influence ... all of it in crude symbolic code . " Parsifal " the opera is already full of weighty symbolism : the Grail , the Spear , the Holy Sacraments , baptism , Amfortas 's ever - bleeding wound , Klingsor 's self - castration , the Kiss , Kundry 's Curse , and on and on . This is not to mention the * musical * symbolism sounding constantly in the score , in the form of Wagner 's leitmotif system . " Parsifal " itself is one huge symbol ! Getting back to my first - paragraph question , Syberberg 's whole hog is all way too much for me . But if this project sounds like something to tickle your fancy , then go for it . I wo n't recommend just staying away from this ; you may find yourself heartily satisfied . Or if you need something to crack your Wagner barrier , try it ... but please , please , do n't stop here . " Parsifal " is in a late , very ripe league of its own .
0 Admittedly , Parsifal is not an opera that can appeal to everyone , although it is a favourite of mine , Knappertsbusch , 1951 , in particular . Syberberg 's entire approach is so static . Whenever the music suddenly begins to swell ... Syberberg keeps the cast moving at the same pace . The takes on Amfortas and Klingsor are endless . Whatever happened to film editing ? The result is physically exhausting to watch . The viewer is never spiritually transported . Your impulse is to rush home and play a recording again to confirm that Wagner got it right , Syberberg got it wrong . And that set decoration with those " clever " reminders of Wagner 's anti - Semitism -- will there ever be a viewer of this film with no prior knowledge of Wagner ?
0 It must be assumed that those who praised this film ( " the greatest filmed opera ever , " did n't I read somewhere ? ) either do n't care for opera , do n't care for Wagner , or do n't care about anything except their desire to appear Cultured . Either as a representation of Wagner 's swan - song , or as a movie , this strikes me as an unmitigated disaster , with a leaden reading of the score matched to a tricksy , lugubrious realisation of the text.<br /><br />It 's questionable that people with ideas as to what an opera ( or , for that matter , a play , especially one by Shakespeare ) is " about " should be allowed anywhere near a theatre or film studio ; Syberberg , very fashionably , but without the smallest justification from Wagner 's text , decided that Parsifal is " about " bisexual integration , so that the title character , in the latter stages , transmutes into a kind of beatnik babe , though one who continues to sing high tenor -- few if any of the actors in the film are the singers , and we get a double dose of Armin Jordan , the conductor , who is seen as the face ( but not heard as the voice ) of Amfortas , and also appears monstrously in double exposure as a kind of Batonzilla or Conductor Who Ate Monsalvat during the playing of the Good Friday music -- in which , by the way , the transcendant loveliness of nature is represented by a scattering of shopworn and flaccid crocuses stuck in ill - laid turf , an expedient which baffles me . In the theatre we sometimes have to piece out such imperfections with our thoughts , but I ca n't think why Syberberg could n't splice in , for Parsifal and Gurnemanz , mountain pasture as lush as was provided for Julie Andrews in Sound of Music ... <br /><br />The sound is hard to endure , the high voices and the trumpets in particular possessing an aural glare that adds another sort of fatigue to our impatience with the uninspired conducting and paralytic unfolding of the ritual . Someone in another review mentioned the 1951 Bayreuth recording , and Knappertsbusch , though his tempi are often very slow , had what Jordan altogether lacks , a sense of pulse , a feeling for the ebb and flow of the music -- and , after half a century , the orchestral sound in that set , in modern pressings , is still superior to this film .
0 ( various spoilers follow)<br /><br />Gene Kelly . Not Georges Guetary , who is sometimes criticized for being too young and un - French . Not Leslie Caron , who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance . Not even Oscar Levant , who more often than not annoys the dickens out of me.<br /><br />No , it would definitely be Gene Kelly . There 's something about his screen persona that 's too ambitious and focused for him to be convincing as a penniless artist in Paris , content to put off facing the critics indefinitely , frolicking with little kids and old ladies and painting in the streets . That 's what made him so effective in SINGIN ' IN THE RAIN and other movies where he played ambitious , focused characters . Jerry Mulligan is in some ways a cousin to Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON , another Lerner story with Kelly miscast as an American at loose ends who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent female who embodies its virtues.<br /><br />Except that Jerry is n't as likeable as even poor dazed Tommy . That 's another galling thing about this film . Jerry is sometimes a cad to Milo , and even worse to Lise . When he first sees the latter at a club , he pulls a dirty trick to get her to dance with him . When she sits down again he pulls an even dirtier trick to get her phone number . When he calls her the next day she hangs up on him , which he takes as a cue to drop in at her workplace . And throughout all this it 's obvious she wants NOTHING to do with him . When she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop , it 's about as believable as Milo 's interest in his paintings . Sure he 's good - looking and playful , but why should that sway her when she 's got Henri , who seems like a gentleman to boot?<br /><br />Admittedly it comes off so distasteful partly because of the actress . If a role like Lise was played by , say , Judy Garland , she would shower Jerry with indignant insults and glares . If she was played by Cyd Charisse , one would admire his guts . But when she 's played by first - timer Leslie Caron she looks and acts like a shy , vulnerable teenager , and as a result Jerry just seems like a creep . And why DID they choose these other actors ( though personally I 'd rather they 'd solved things by changing the lead ) when the whole story hinges on the romance of these two young poor sweethearts disentangling themselves from their loveless commitments to older rich people ? Not only is Gene Kelly a few years above Guetary and Foch , he 's old enough to be Caron 's father.<br /><br />In short I think it all would have been improved by casting some young comedic - relief type dancer as Jerry , the kind that usually turned up in musical supporting roles ... e.g . Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL . Maybe not them necessarily but someone LIKE them . Someone who could have chased Lise and made it seem harmlessly playful ; someone who would have appeared genuinely happy living in that Chaplinesque hole - in - the - wall ; someone whose humor and naivete would have contrasted better with Oscar Levant 's sarcastic grumpiness . It probably also would have made the ballet seem less ponderous . And it might have provided a voice that could sing Gershwin better.<br /><br />All this may give the impression that I do n't like Gene Kelly . I do like him . He was terrific in most of his films , just not this one ( well , and a few others ) . I do n't despise AAIP itself , either ; it has good points , like the art direction . And Leslie Caron , who despite her inexperience is rather charming , and really does look like she just stepped out of a painting . Georges Guetary does a fine job and his " Stairway to Paradise " is my favorite number in the movie . Nina Foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with SOMEBODY . But not Jerry Mulligan . I would n't wish that on her .
0 An art house maven 's dream . Overrated , overpraised , overdone ; a pretentious melange that not only did not deserve Best Picture of 1951 on its own merits , it was dwarfed by the competition from the start . Place in the Sun , Detective Story , Streetcar Named Desire , Abbott and Costello Meet the Invisible Man ; you name it , if it came out in ' 51 , it 's better than this arthouse crapola . The closing ballet is claptrap for the intellectual crowd , out of place and in the wrong movie . Few actors in their time were less capable ( at acting ) or less charismatic than Kelly and Caron . My # 12 Worst of ' 51 ( I saw 201 movies ) , and among the 5 worst Best Picture Oscar winners .
0 I 'm never much for classic films . Movies like Patton , Going My Way , How Green was My Valley , The Godfather , Casablanca , Annie Hall , Gone with the Wind , Lawrence of Arabia , and Citizen Kane bore me . However , I would much rather watch any one of those films 3,469 times while being tied up on a chair than watch An American in Paris once in the most luxurious suite ever . If I did the latter , I 'd probably be sleeping the entire time.<br /><br />The color art direction and the music did n't interest me , Gershwin or non - Gershwin . The dancing and the singing could help an insomniac fall to sleep . The dialogue does n't match up to Singin ' in the Rain . Basically , this movie is boring . The only other film that I fell asleep while watching was Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . But you ca n't blame me . I only slept 5 minutes the night before.<br /><br />1 star/10 ( Too bad we ca n't give zeroes . )
0 I do n't know what the Oscar voters saw in this movie , but they must of seen some pretty hard stuff to see in it to be able to award it with the best picture Oscar . All I know is that fortunately there was Gene Kelly to play in it or this would have been twice as bad as I believe it is . First of all , I do n't think Leslie Caron was really fit to play such a role . She is n't that talented , she is n't a great dancer and she 's not good looking at all . It 's a shame that one actor or actress may ruin a movie just like by playing in it because if Leslie Caron had n't been in this , it might have made a terrific movie . The story was intelligent , the directing was n't bad , and , as I said , Gene Kelly was pretty good . Now I 'm not saying all this stuff about Leslie Caron just to criticize her , I 'm just saying it because I think that 's what the worse part of the movie is . She 's probably a good actress but I ca n't tell because I have n't seen her in anything else but I think she was pretty bad in " An American in Paris " . So if you want to see it , go ahead but I 'm telling you , you 're way better off watching " Singin ' in the rain " .
0 This is a film that belongs firmly to the 50 's . Very surprising that American Film Institute has chosen this one for one for the best 100 American movies of all - time . I have seen practically all of the movies on that list , and this one is by far the most disappointing one of those . Musical numbers ( and there many , many of them ) are VERY overlong and boring , and have absolute no connection with the story . The end of the movie has horribly over - long ballet sequency , which naturally has no real relation to the story of the movie . It must be admitted , that it is very well made , the music is OK , and the dancing done with the highest professional standard - but there is no real reason why the sequence is included in the movie.<br /><br />The main character of the movie is extremely childlish and unlikeable and behaves in unpolite way . His mental age is about 14 . If you want to see a good musical made on the " golden age " of musicals , go and see " Singing in the Rain " .
0 I purchased the BLOOD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks not knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was n't disappointed with this purchase . BLOOD CASTLE is one of those trashy European horror films that has almost no redeeming quality except for being thoroughly entertaining , for all the bad reasons . The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD : our heroine , Dr. Ivanna , arrives at the castle where she 's supposed to help a scientist , Baron Dalmar , who does experiments on dead tissue . On her way to the castle 1 ) a man tries to rape Ivanna . 2 ) the castle 's housekeeper fights with her . 3 ) the maid wants her dead . 4 ) and finally , Baron Dalmar nearly spits on her and wants her out the next day . Hmm ... something tells me she 's not welcome . With such a miserable arrival , you 'd think Ivanna would leave the place in a NY minute but no , like so many great trashy films , our " headstrong " heroine decides to stay put and even enjoys a candlelight dinner with the grumpy Baron on that same eventful day . The intro is so over - the - top trashy ( it 's even greater than the memorable first few minutes of that Canadian film , JUNIOR ) that I knew I was going to enjoy this.<br /><br />But the fun does n't end there . Ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night , only to wake up from unconsciousness , naked , bound and tortured in mild sessions of S&M by an unseen man . Even after experiencing these nightly S&M sessions , Ivanna stays at the castle , dully convinced by the angry Baron that what she 's experiencing are nothing more than dreams . To be expected , even after being treated so badly from the get - go , Ivanna , falls in love with the Baron . Ivanna completely disregards anything negative about him , including the obvious fact that the dour Baron is popular with the young ladies . Every women at the castle ( it seems only women work there ) is in love with the miserable chump , who does n't mind taking advantage of the pretty young things . Things get even sillier as someone lurks around the estate and kills ( and has been killing ) women . Basically , the Baron 's physically disfigured brother , Igor is responsible for everything . In a very long winded scene , the brother warns the Baron he should not get too involved with Ivanna or he 'll suffer the consequences . So what do the Baron and Ivanna do about this ? Well , they get married of course ! During the very brief marriage ceremony , the Baron is shot by one of the angry locals ( father of one of the dead girls ) . But all of this does n't deter Ivanna , who , amidst all the dead young ladies and torture surrounding them , cheerfully comforts the hurt Baron that " it 's just a flesh wound " and the two can go on and enjoy their honeymoon at the castle , where the killer / rapist / torturer brother is . The whole thing quickly devolves into a nightmarish love triangle of sorts , between Ivana , the Baron and Igor . Blame it all on love!<br /><br />Anyway , you get the idea : subtle it 's not . Almost everything is over - the - top ridiculous in this film and when it 's not OTT , such as the predictable climax , things get a tad boring . But for most of the film , the director or writer revel in one illogically trashy moment after another . I really love these kind of films , everything as subtle as being hit over the head with a sledgehammer , and populated by characters behaving illogically . Even those who made the Retromedia DVD realize this and when you go to the scene selection section , we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the dubbed movie looped endlessly . < br /><br />The production values are beautifully risible . The opening and closing credits , with those candles and red curtains ... ah , a soupçon of class . The music sounds sometimes like something from a Tim Burton film , which only adds to the oddness of it all . And customary to these kind of films , when the young ladies take off their clothes , they just beg to be killed.<br /><br />As a standard film , I rate this a 2 , but as a " it 's so bad it 's good " film , I rate it a solid 8 stars . If you enjoy trashy films , please watch this one . It 's a must see . The only thing left for me to ponder about it : what would it have taken for that woman to get out of that freaking castle ?
0 ( aka : BLOOD CASTLE or SCREAM OF THE DEMON)<br /><br />*spoiler*<br /><br />This was a drive - in feature , co - billed with THE VELVET VAMPIRE . A Spanish - Italian co - production where a series of women in a village are being murdered around the same time a local count named Yanos Dalmar is seen on horseback , riding off with his ' man - eating ' dog behind him.<br /><br />The townsfolk already suspect he is the one behind it all and want his castle burned down . The murders first began around the time Count Yanos ' older brother , Count Igor Dalmar was horribly burned and killed in a lab accident.<br /><br />Then a woman Ivanna ( Erna Schuer ) that Igor hired before his death to assist him in his experiments shows up . Yanos agrees to hire her in place of his brother and together they seek the formulae for the regeneration of dead cells . Yanos wants to bring Igor 's charred corpse back to life.<br /><br />But of course Igor is still alive ( although horribly burned ) and stalking and killing the women in the village . We see his char - broiled face appear at various points in the film , so we know he 's still alive , making the whole thing seem a little bit too obvious.<br /><br />Igor meets another fiery end when he gets into a fight with Yanos over Ivanna , with the burning candles falling on to the same bed that Igor stumbles on to , meeting yet another , final char - broiled end.<br /><br />The Retromedia DVD is taken from a VHS source and looks quite grainy and bad . Other than an even scratchier trailer , no other extras are included . Although it has a nice , creepy Spanish castle and good atmospherics , I found it to be fairly boring and predictable , with no excitement or mystery , whatsoever . < br /><br />3 out of 10 .
0 I caught this a few months ago on Family Channel , and having some memories of the TV show from my youth , decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter . I should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it , 'cause this is just bizarre ! Not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes , the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes , it seems to have been produced as somebody 's good acid trip . Talking flutes , British children far too old for this kind of crap ... in the words of Krusty the Klown " uuuuuugggghhhhh ! What was I on ? " If you 're a huge fan of the whole Sid and Marty Krofft oeuvre , go for it ; otherwise , unless you 're willing to get looped before watching , stay far , far , FAR away .
0 I hated this show when I was a kid . That was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents , not just the bland , generic , General American Dialect we 're used to . Jack Wild had a British accent and Pufnstuf 's was southern . Like one of the others mentioned , though , I never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute . That always seemed odd to me , probably because the flute just annoyed me and I would n't have gone to any trouble to take it away!<br /><br />Just a comment on the similarity of Pufnstuf to early 70s McDonalds commercials that others have mentioned : Pufnstuf ripped off McDonalds . At the height of McDonalds popularity , the TV show ( or rather , their creators ) sought to license McDonalds characters for their show , but when McDonalds declined the TV show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own . They even hired former employees of McDonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the TV shows . McDonalds sued and won . Search for Pufnstuf McDonaldland lawsuit and you 'll find plenty of articles about it .
0 I tried watching this abomination of the cinema when I was five years old ; I have never been the same since . Filled to the brim with drug - induced images that reek of the common ravings of your average asylum resident , this " movie " , despite its colorful appearance , is not for humans , ESPECIALLY not children.<br /><br />It starts out innocently enough with a poor boy who ruins his classmate 's drum by ( wait for it ) putting his head through it ; yes , putting his HEAD through it . But fear not , my friends ! He is quickly consoled by his chirping flute , which is weird enough , I 'll grant you , but still acceptable.<br /><br />THEN : The movie morphs into a combination of Wizard of Oz and Where the Wild Things Are , but loses all the " warm and fuzzy " aspects of either of these two books.<br /><br />So , this seven - foot yellow relative of Barney , befriends this poor boy and plunges him even deeper into despair.<br /><br />And , to add the pleasant array of horrific themes , a carnivorous boat , formerly a friend of the motley crew of hobbling grandfather clocks and doped - up " dragons " , is added to the mix of mayhem.<br /><br />The most comforting image in the midst of this chaos is the villain , aptly dubbed " Witchiepoo " ( ? ) . Of course , she has problems of her own : what with an obvious plastic mask constricting her facial expressions to having to deal with a broomstick whose gas level always seemed to be at its lowest at the most inopportune moments . As a result of this , one of her favorite pastimes was nose - diving into the body of water that separated the land of Pufnstuf from her degenerate , decaying abode ( I do n't know where I would have preferred to live).<br /><br />In summary , this movie is terrifying ... <br /><br />If you want to watch the movie that has similar effects on its audience as The Exorcist , then this one is for you . Enjoy .
0 Basically there 's a family where a little boy ( Jake ) thinks there 's a zombie in his closet & his parents are fighting all the time.<br /><br />This movie is slower than a soap opera ... and suddenly , Jake decides to become Rambo and kill the zombie.<br /><br />OK , first of all when you 're going to make a film you must Decide if its a thriller or a drama ! As a drama the movie is watchable . Parents are divorcing & arguing like in real life . And then we have Jake with his closet which totally ruins all the film ! I expected to see a BOOGEYMAN similar movie , and instead i watched a drama with some meaningless thriller spots.<br /><br />3 out of 10 just for the well playing parents & descent dialogs . As for the shots with Jake : just ignore them .
0 Cliché - ridden story of an impending divorce - or is it ? - through the eyes of a 6 year - old child . Corny dialogue , cardboard characters , stock situations , a red herring zombie sub - plot and , worst of all , absolutely no payoff , either emotionally or dramatically.<br /><br />Does no - one teach creative writing any more ? The true sign of a weak storyteller - when you can not create any kind of satisfying denouement - just end the story . I 'm compelled to ask , " what made you think this was a story worth telling in the first place ! ? " < br /><br />Good , but wasted , debut by child actor Anthony De Marco - the rest of the cast was , at best , forgettable . And they wonder why no - one watches indie films ! This is ninety minutes of my life I will never get back .
0 Really , really bad slasher movie . A psychotic person escapes from an asylum . Three years later he kills a sociology professor , end of scene . One semester yesterday later ( hey , that 's what the title card said ) a new sociology professor is at the school . She makes friends with another female sociology professor who works there , and starts dating another professor . The students are all bored , as are we.<br /><br />There are a number of title cards indicating how much time has passed . Scenes are pretty short , and cut to different characters somewhere else , making for little progression of any kind . A lot of scenes involve characters walking and talking , or sitting and talking , and serve little purpose . Despite the passage of time , many of the characters are always wearing the same clothing . Sometimes the unclear passage of time means when we see a body for the second time , we ask ourselves : how long has that body been there ? And also , at least one of the dead people do n't seem to have been missed by others.<br /><br />The killer manages to kill one person by stabbing her in the breast , another by stabbing him in the crotch , and another by slicing her forehead . Is his knife poisoned or something?<br /><br />The video box cover has a cheerleader : there are n't any in the movie . The rear cover has a photo of someone in a graduation cap and gown menacing a group of women in a dorm room . The central redhead in the photo is in the movie , but nobody ever wears such an outfit , and there is no such scene . The killer is strictly one - on - one .
0 If you merely look at the cover of this movie , it 's cool . DON'T. The movie itself put me to sleep . It was slow paced , had minimal violence and a poor use of suspense . The acting was bottom feeder material and the plot , while it would 've been cool for a different movie , was poorly shown here . They even kill the only likeable character in the whole film ! I give it a 2 out of 10 because the only thing that was good was the plot twist at the end . Other than that , you might want to save yourself from this movie trash .
0 How come I 've never seen or even heard about this junk - movie before ? It 's right up my alley with bloody teenkill , laughable plotting and an irresistible 80 's cheese - atmosphere hanging around it . For some reason nobody is really interested in , the staff and students of an elite Catholic university are butchered by an unknown psychopath . Freshly recruited teacher Julie Parker becomes involved when all the people she has contact with either turn up dead or behave strangely . This movie is hilariously bad ! There 's absolutely no logic or coherence and every character is equally meaningless to the others . For example , there 's a girl killed and her body dumped in a container . Then , and for no reason , the story suddenly moves forward three weeks yet the murdered girl is never mentioned or even missed . Not even by her boyfriend ! The acting is pitiful and there is n't even a bit of nudity to enjoy . The revelation of the killer is quite funny because the makers really seemed convinced that it was an original twist ... It 's not , guys ! " Splatter University " is easily one of the worst horror - turkeys ever .
0 A schizophrenic has escaped from a NYC mental hospital and soon teachers start getting offed at St. Trinity University . New teacher Julie ( Francine Forbes ) has to deal with the mess of red herrings . Despite a 78 minute running time , this cheap - o slasher drags on and on until the lame finish where the person you suspect is the killer from the get go is revealed to be as such . Director Richard Haines barely breaks a sweat with some lame stalk - n - slash staging but delivers the grue the early 80s audience was probably craving . For all of our amateur anthropologists out there , this was filmed in New Yawk in early 80s so you can check out all of the culture , beliefs , and practices of living people from that far away place . The film does get some credit for offing the " Final Girl . " You rarely see that . Also , always nice to see a horror movie where a priest is the killer . Doth thou not trust the clergy , my beloved film industry ? Thankfully , this one is only a phony priest and he gets caught . He is still working the moral high ground angle though .
0 It 's a poor film , but I must give it to the lead actress in this one .... Francine Forbes . She appeared to be acting the least and I personally thought she was kind of cute . Too bad she only appears in one other film in the database . Besides that , the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes . People get stabbed and they GUSH like 2 gallons of blood ! But , if you like to watch poor horror films , I recommend this one highly .
0 Nut case is murdering college students , can new teacher stop the madness?!<br /><br />Believe me , you wo n't care.<br /><br />With a title like Splatter University , one would immediately gather that this movie just is n't high art . But worse than that Splatter University does n't even qualify for amusing garbage . Splatter U is so poorly made - the story is mindless , the characters are throw - aways , and the whole movie lacks any essence of imagination . Needless to say there is no suspense or atmosphere or scares . This drivel is n't even brave enough to throw in any nudity ( for the cheapest thrill of all ) . So all around this endlessly flawed slasher offers nothing in the way of entertainment ( not even cheap laughs ) and just becomes a complete bore . Bottom of the barrel folks - even die hard slasher fans will want to think twice before viewing , let alone paying money for this flick.<br /><br />BOMB out of * * * *
0 Colleges , High Schools , Fraternities and Sororities have been the most popular stalking grounds for maniacal madmen since the slasher cycle first became a popular cinema culture throughout the late seventies . Even backwoods cabins and campsites have rode shotgun to the amount of massacres that have taken place on campuses since Halloween categorised the genre as a cult horror category . From early entries like To all a Good Night right up until the big budgeted schlock of titles like Urban Legend or Schools Out , there 's usually always been a campus slasher lurking somewhere in the pipeline . Despite being picked up by Troma - the titans of B movie badness  Splatter University was heavily panned upon release and never really found an audience . Even notorious hack and slash websites like HYSTERIA - LIVES have written off Richard Haines ' splatter yarn as one of the worst of the early eighties boom . I always approach criticised movies optimistically because there 's often the chance than a few bad reviews can be unfairly contagious like a dose of the flu , which crowds the judgement of certain authors.<br /><br />It begins in traditional fashion at the place where any maniac worth his salts emerges . Yep you guessed it  an insane asylum ! It seems that one of the inmates has decided that he 's unhappy with the level of service at the institution and therefore he 's looking to take his business elsewhere . The unseen nut - job makes his break after stabbing an unfortunate orderly where the sun certainly does n't shine . He obviously favours the dress sense of the murdered worker , so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform , blood stained trousers and all!<br /><br />Three years later , we transfer to St Trinians College , an educational establishment that is controlled by catholic priests . A teacher is busy after hours marking her students work when all of a sudden there 's a knock at the door . Before she has a chance to find out what the unseen visitor wants , he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor in a bloody heap . This of course means that there 's a vacancy at the university and so we 're introduced to Julie Parker ( Francine Forbes ) , the lovable replacement for the recently departed lecturer . It seems that her arrival has inadvertently given the resident maniac all the motivation that he needs to go on a no holds barred slaughter - thon . Before long students and teachers alike are dropping like flies to the camera shy menace as he stalks the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade . Suspicious suspects abound , but can professor Parker solve the mystery of the campus murderer before she becomes just another statistic ? < br /><br />I'm not precisely sure how many versions of this movie are available . The UK altered video was released under the alias of Campus Killings , but the US copy that I own states that it 's the complete unedited edition , which could mean that there is a censored print floating about somewhere ? I 'd be fairly surprised if that was the case as Splatter University certainly is n't as gore - delicious as the hyperbole packaging would lead you to believe . One or two litres of corn syrup certainly do n't stand up to gore hound 's scrutiny when compared to the likes of Blood Rage or Pieces , so in this instance the movie is somewhat over hyped . One thing that many critics have failed to mention is the charming lead performance from Francine Forbes , who ends up carrying the entire picture on her shoulders throughout the 79-minute running time . Despite amateurish direction from Richard Haines she still unveils some magnificent potential that should have lead to the chance of another stab at serious acting under a more accomplished helmer . Unfortunately that possibility never came , and bottom of the barrel bombs like Death Ring and Splitz certainly did n't help to nurture a talent that could have improved dramatically under the right scholarship.<br /><br />The rest of the cast members were par for the course of movie obscurity , especially the wooden plank teenagers who for some strange reason acted like they were auditioning for a remake of Grease or The Wanderers . The bog standard point and shoot direction could n't have helped to build much confidence in the project and the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the clumsy handling of the script writer left the feature effectively unredeemable . Perhaps the only claim of originality to be found in Haines ' slasher is the brave attempt for the contrasting conclusion . Let 's just say that it 's not a final that I was expecting to witness in a movie that was so typical of the cycle.<br /><br />At one point in the runtime , one of the teens says , " Man that Parker bores me to tears  " Well the same can be said for Splatter University , which never lifts the pace above slow motion . With that said though , Francine Forbes made for a delectable scream queen and undoubtedly one that I would have paid to watch again in a similar role . So that pretty much sums up this un - troma - tising ride . Slow paced , shoddy but still strangely alluring ; you 'd have to be especially forgiving to give it a chance 
0 A patient escapes from a mental hospital , killing one of his keepers and then a University professor after he makes his way to the local college . Next semester , the late prof 's replacement and a new group of students have to deal with a new batch of killings . The dialogue is so clichéd it is hard to believe that I was able to predict lines in quotes . This is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the ' 80 's . Despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk . Horrible acting , horrible script , horrible effects , horrible horrible horrible ! ! " Splatter University " is just gunk to put in your VCR when you have nothing better to do , although I suggest watching your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining . Skip it and rent " Girl 's Nite Out " instead.<br /><br />Rated R for Strong Graphic Violence , Profanity , Brief Nudity and Sexual Situations .
0 This has got to be the worst horror movie I have ever seen . I remember watching it years ago when it initially came out on video and for some strange reason I thought I enjoyed it . So , like an idiot , I ran out to purchase the DVD once it was released ... what a tragic mistake ! I wo n't even bother to go into the plot because it is so transparent that you can see right through it anyhow . I am a fan of Herschell Gordon Lewis so I am accustomed to cheesy gore effects and bad acting but these people take this to a whole different level . It is almost as if they are intentionally trying to make the worst movie humanly possible ... if that was their goal , they suceeded . If they intended to make a film that was supposed to scare you or make you believe in any way , shape , or form that it is real then they failed ... MISERABLY ! Avoid this movie ... read the plot synopsis and you 've seen it !
0 I have a nice collection on movies going , and this one was added to it . Number 274 to be exact . < br /><br />The title had me going at first . Splatter University . I thought this would be a great horror movie . Was I ever wrong . Do n't get me wrong , this is not the worst movie I have ever seen , but it could have been a lot better . I love all movies , but this one was one that was more of a laugh then a scare . < br /><br />Poor audio quality , poor acting , and poor shot arrangements are some of the areas that could have been improved . 3 out of 10 stars.<br /><br />Movie is ideal for a good laugh . If your looking for one of those movies to make fun of , then this is one !
0 I am starting this review with a big giant spoiler about this film . Do not read further ... here it comes , avert your eyes ! The main heroine , the girl who always survives in other slasher films , is murdered here . There , I just saved you 79 minutes of your life.<br /><br />This is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the ' 80 's . Despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk.<br /><br />Both priests and college students get a bad rap here . They are pictured as oversexed , sociopathic morons who have way too many internal problems to deal with what looks like junior college campus life ... and the college students come off even worse.<br /><br />"Splatter University " is just gunk to put in your VCR when you have nothing better to do , although I suggest watching your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining.<br /><br />This is rated ( R ) for strong physical violence , gore , profanity , very brief female nudity , and sexual references.<br /><br / >
0 This film is the worst film , but it ranks very high for me . It is how a slasher movie should be . It takes place at a university in which there only seems to be a handful of students . The teachers are dumber than a sack of hammers . It is filled with good Catholic priest , sexually repressed humor . Bad hair , bad clothes . The dialogue is so cliched it is hard to believe that I was able to predict lines in quotes . The slashings have some creativity and seem to revolve around stabbing people in the genitalia . A lack of continuity in the soundtrack and characters that deserve to die because they are so bad , I recommend this film for a fun time . Get a case of cheap beer and some friends , watch it and laugh .
0 the cover of the box makes this movie look really good , do n't be fooled . splatter university came out in 1984 which was the last good year for horror , but this movie sucks . the characters are so annoying . only the teacher is cool . there is like no plot to this movie , who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film?<br /><br />spoilers up ahead < br /><br />the teacher dies in this , and it was a female , we all know that we must have a female surviver , if you 're going to break the rules do it in a good horror flick not this waste
0 Back in the days before the Toxic Avenger , the low - camp kings at Troma Films tried to take the high ( OK , somewhat - less - low ) road of producing straight slasher pics . I 'd like to think that viewing the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretension and go for self - conscious parody.<br /><br />Splatter University is another film for the masochists in the audience . As it meanders about through two separate casts and innumerable pointless subplots , it actually becomes painful to watch . Let 's see if I can summarize.<br /><br />After learning that a dangerous psychopath has escaped from a local hospital , the action moves to a Catholic university ( I do n't recall the name , but in honor of the title , let 's call it St. Splatter ) . The students are listless and sullen , and argue pettily with each other , slackers ahead of their time . Meanwhile , the new professor , Julie Parker , proves utterly incompetent at her job . The kids deal with relationships , infidelity , unwanted pregnancies , lecherous priests , and how to avoid doing any work in class ; Julie deals with a creepy boyfriend , the inflexible administration at St. Splatter , counseling unwed mothers , and the blank , expressionless looks of her students . None of it means a darn thing or gets resolved in any meaningful way . Oh , and every once in a while , a POV shot comes along and stabs one of the girls to death , but do n't hold your breath waiting for it . There 's a Red Herring Killer , and then a sadly anticlimactic confrontation with the Real Killer , then it 's back to the asylum and roll credits.<br /><br />The slow pace and numerous inane subplots seem almost calculated to produce a mounting sense of frustration in the viewer , which is helped along by choppy editing , coffee - can sound quality , and dialog that just does n't make any sense . And the most agonizing thing about this movie is the killer 's fixation on women - the men in this movie are just so deserving . I 'd 've paid good money to see someone off the jerk with the pregnant girlfriend , or the lunkhead Lothario who was fooling around with his girlfriend 's roommate , or any of the creepy priests . There ai n't no justice .
0 Does this film suck ! ! Horrible acting , horrible script , horrible effects , horrible horrible horrible ! ! Nothing redeeming here for even the most die - hard of horror fans ! A crazy killer stalks students at a college . People are showing up dead in the hallways , but still , class carries on as normal ? ? ? After about the 4th body , I would think that they could allow the students a few days break ! LOL . This about as bad as it gets folks . This film should be shown as a means of torture to criminals . You have been warned !
0 I am an avid B - Rate horror film buff and have viewed my fair share of slasher pictures , so I have a substantial gauge to judge this film by . It easily ranks in the upper echelon of the worst horror films the 1980 's has to offer . It is n't as scary as Night of the Demons , it is n't as gory as Re - Animator and lacks the camp value of There 's Nothing Out There . That being said , this film has no value . Keep in mind , the movie artwork is for a completely different film . The stills shots on the back of the DVD box are n't taken from this film.<br /><br />VIOLENCE : $ $ $ ( There is plenty of violence but we 've seen it all before . A murderer kills nubile students and the occasional facility member by slitting throats and all the other tired methods of murder that horror films utilize).<br /><br />NUDITY : None < br /><br />STORY : $ $ ( The story focuses on Francine Forbes - who wisely changed her name to Forbes Riley after this film was made - who accepts a job teaching at a university . People start to die and Forbes believes the killer is targeting her . Is it her new heartthrob with a checkered past or the libido - crazed student ? To be honest , it is impossible to care because the script does n't flesh out any character outside Forbes).<br /><br />ACTING : $ ( Terrible on all levels . This slasher has the feel of a school production -high school that is because college students could make a better flick than this . Forbes showcases a modicum of talent as does Seminara as one of the students , but everyone else is of the " extras " caliber of acting ) .
0 Was it foreshadowing when Tori complained that her first boyfriend was treating her like a robot , and then her new boyfriend ( the murderer ) turned out to be a designer of artificial intelligence ? I think so . Scenes to make you squeal with delight : montages galore , a strip - tease in a kimono ( what do you call it when you seductively put clothes on , instead of take them off ? ) , and a climactic battle on skis ! Definitely tune in for the beginning and end , but you can grab a sandwich during the second act when all the plot is happening . Is it better than CO - ED CALL GIRL ? Nah . Does Tori ever make it to paradise , or out of the snow , even ? Nope .
0 A question for all you girls out there : If a man you`ve never met before accidentally phoned you up on purpose and continued to do so at the most indiscreet moments would you be intrigued by him or so freaked out you`d phone the police ? Yeah that`s what I thought so I couldn`t swallow the idea of Marti Gerrard putting up with the unwarrented attention of Connor Hill < br /><br / > * * * * * MILD SPOILERS * * * * * < br /><br />This is a really dumb story . Connor Hill`s wife is murdered and the plot revolves around the question is Connor phoning Marti so he can have an alibi ? But there`s a massive gap in logic here , couldn`t Connor have employed a hit man ? something the prosecution seem to have ignored . And wasn`t there any forensics at the murder scene ? So why does the whole trial rest on Connor phoning Marti at the time of the murder ? Dumb . Dumb . Dumb . And it`s as predictable as it is brainless .<br /><br />My abiding memory of this film is that for someone who made the winter Olympics Marti Gerrard is a really crap downhill skier
0 Umm .. I was quite surprised that someone actually gave this film high marks.<br /><br />Lets face it ... Tori Spelling is not a great actress .. and this movie just proves the extent of her " talent " . The movie 's plot was weak ... I bet the dork that came up with this concept was some perverted peeping tom . If there is a good thing about this movie , I would say it 's that Tommy Chong 's daughter , just for the fact that she 's his daughter ... and then there is that Soap - Opera - ish male lead who 's decent good looks somewhat make him attractive , but ceases to help his dramatic abilities . * Why does IMDb require at least 10 lines ? How many more ways can you simply say " This movie sucks " ?
0 Do you know when you look at your collection of old , videotaped movies , and realize that there are some that you 've only seen once or twice , and you ca n't remember if they 're worth the time it takes to see them ? The Alibi is / was one of those films ; I found it , not long ago , and decided I might as well give it a chance . I 'm not entirely sure if I 'm happy with my decision ... on one hand , the film is really , really bad , on the other , now I have another free tape ... yeah , you get it . The plot is predictable and not in any way original . The pacing is bad . The acting is bad , but that 's not really surprising , seeing as the two leads are former soap - opera stars ... they 're used to overact . The characters are poorly written clichés . The film even manages to screw up the easiest damn way to impress me(through film ) : court scenes . Even those do n't elicit one single emotion for or against any of the cardboard - thin characters . The film just has no real redeeming qualities whatsoever ... even the dialog is bad . The thing is , it 's so full of clichés that it 's laughable . And that 's the one thing that lifts this above a rating of 1/10 : the(albeit unintentionally so ) comic relief of the many clichés and stereotypes . I did n't pay very much attention to the film , but just about every time I looked at the screen , there was something to laugh at . One final note : I considered using the line " Tori Spelling ca n't act " as a one line summary , but I guess everyone knows that , so I opted for the current one , seeing as it 's more informative . All in all , a thoroughly bad film , but not the worst if you 've got nothing else to do and if it 's on TV . Good for a few laughs , if you can sit through it . 3/10
0 Well , there you have it , another disillusion on my account . Two , actually ! First of all , even though I like to think of myself that I know a little something about 70 's euro - exploitation and its most prolific contributors , I never heard about Joseph W. Sarno before . Here 's a guy who made over seventy rancid and cult - laden exploitation movies and I have n't seen a single one ! How ? Why ? What happened here ? Secondly , and even worse , just when you think to have found a new source for obscure cult movies , that director 's most famous and supposed " masterpiece " turns out to be an irredeemably dull and irritating film . Admittedly , lesbian vampire movies form a pretty insignificant sub genre as a whole , but some of them bath in ominous atmosphere and curious sensuality ( like José Larraz ' " Vampyres " or Harry Kümmel 's " Daughters of Darkness " ) . Joseph Sarno 's film has nothing to offer , except copious amounts of gratuitous nudity and even that becomes boring rather quickly . The events take place in a secluded old castle , hidden deep in the German mountains , where five centuries ago lived a malicious and bloodthirsty ( literally ) baroness . Her loyal disciples still throw naked dance parties in the castle 's catacombs , which are lit by penis - shaped candles  AUCH , and hope to resurrect the baroness any time soon now . Suddenly ( do n't even ask how ) the castle is full of young and sexy female guests , so even more erotic rites ensue . Sounds delicious and entertaining enough , but " The Devil 's Plaything " contains a massive number of sequences where literally nothing happens and where the cast members ' ignorant facial expressions are simply unendurable ! Sarno is n't capable of creating suspense or building a Gothic atmosphere ( or maybe he just did n't bother to ) and the actresses ' capacities restrict themselves to standing in front the camera topless and pull a really pathetic face . Please do yourself a favor : no matter how desperately you strive to see all lurid lesbian - vampire movies of the 70 's , this one is n't worth a penny ! Even the repertoires of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are pure art compared to this dud .
0 To be as honest as I possibly can , The Devil 's Plaything ( or Veil of Blood or Vampire Ecstasy or The Curse of the Black Sisters or  ) is a complete bore . The movie has a good premise behind it  the resurrection of a long dead vampire through the body of a descendant through the aid and assistance of a group of women dressed in black  but the execution is horrible . There are great , long moments of screen time when literally nothing happens . Characters just stand around with nothing to do . There 's no mystery , no suspense , and no plot points to care about . The acting is simply abysmal . Most of the acting involves a group of below average looking women dancing naked while staring at the camera . They do this repeatedly . And what little plot there is seems to be designed to get more of these less than attractive women naked so they can join in the dancing . While it 's not as bad or pointless as the dancing or the plot in something like Orgy of the Dead , it comes close .
0 I was n't as " lucky " as some of the others commenting on this film : i have never seen anything else out of the ... shall we say ... " fecund " mind of Sarno . I agree with many : some of the actresses who spend a lot of time topless and ( go - go ) dancing are not really that attractive . I kinda liked Fraulein Crank(?) ... she was so homely , she was cute ! The acting was pretty stale , also , though delivering lines in a second language might have accounted for a lot of that problem . Trying to follow the plot was a major chore : was there one , really ? I do heartily agree with one other comment : for a vampire movie , there 's not much blood . Yep , if you want GOOD bloodsucking flicks , check out such Hammer classics as " Horror of Dracula " and ( my personal favourite ) " Brides of Dracula".<br /><br />The most ( unintentionally ) humorous part is where the lady doctor gets her clothes torn off by a cloud of bats ... which you never SEE! ... the bats , I mean.<br /><br />Okay as a time - waster if you happen to catch it on cable here in the Great White North but , for heaven 's sake , do n't rent it !
0 This is not a horror film , but a boring sex movie . A very bad movie , to be avoided by any serious horror fan . No plot , awful acting and annoying music . If you only watch the trailer you will know enough ... It 's a shame that such thing is available on VHS or video while there are so many good movies unavailable . If you like vampires try the Hammer Productions or the Italian Gothic from Mario Bava and Antonio Margheriti instead . Those are masterpieces if you compare this with this trash . Rating = even " 1 " is too much ! And believe me , I am not the only one with this opinion .
0 This is a German film from 1974 that is something to do with some women who come to a castle and beyond that , I ca n't really tell you their purpose or even what the purpose of the movie is . I can tell you that there 's several women who also moonlight as servants at this particular castle who strip , put on body paint and gyrate to bongos like they were at the Goth Kit - Kat Klub , though , and that seems to be a good portion of the run time of this film . Yeah , there seems to be something with devil worship and vampires , and there 's some girl on girl stuff , etc . , but the main focus seems to be the painted babes gyrating away in the basement . I did rather like the eye - rolling of one of the main housekeepers / devil worshipers , that lent an authenticity to the proceedings and made her even more evil - looking . Was that Wanda the Evil Lesbian ( as billed in the credits ) ? No matter . If you are n't too picky about your lesbian devil worshiping movies , you might like this , otherwise it 's pretty dull stuff and I could n't even finish it , I was so bored . 3 out of 10 .
0 For a fan series , I must admit that Hidden Frontier is not at all that bad . But , reviewing this series can not be based on whether it is a fan series or not . The initiative in itself is commendable . The creativity as well . I reckon these are people with ordinary jobs , and a big enthusiastic heart for Star Trek . But , doing all this work . Pulling all these resources . Taking all this time , and still all those flaws.<br /><br />First of all the acting , and the lines are awful . For most . The dialogs belongs in a 70 's military show , not in Star Trek . The captain ( Mr Squinty ) looks like he is about to burst into laughter anytime . And most characters are just reading their lines . The directors should be aware of the fact that " retake " is not just a word in the dictionary . But I also guess that the series are made in the manner of " Two Takes Frakes " , who directed many of the TNG episodes and movies Also , I could not help but think that most of the actors are typical Trekkies . Without going any deeper into that assumption.<br /><br />My biggest concern regarding the whole project , is the quality of the releases . When they first decided to spend so much time , and resources on this series - why did n't they make it available in decent quality ? Using the quick time format , with low low resolution is a waste of talent . Even the " higres " episodes is considered bad quality compared to the standard quality series are released in . Using Xvid codec , with a larger resolution and file size would have improved the experience massively . If band with problems was the issue , setting up a torrent tracker would have solved that.<br /><br />Let 's hope the crew decides to brush the series up , and perhaps release it on DVD , giving it the quality the project deserves .
0 First off , let me say that I am a great believer in Fanpro stuff . I see it as a way to continue a good show long after it has been cancelled . Star Trek Voyages and Star Wars Revelations are examples of decent efforts . So I have a soft - spot for fanpro stuff that means I 'll overlook things that I would ordinarily slate badly.<br /><br />So on to ST : HF . Well , first off the good things . Enthusiasm is a major part of making any show believable and , for the most part , the crew of the various ships all seem to be having a good time with their roles . Next , the effects are n't bad for a home - brew effort , with nothing to make you really wince . The stories are n't too bad either . Nothing particularly innovative , but solid enough stuff and at least there are ongoing story - arcs.<br /><br />But it has a lot of faults.<br /><br />First off , although they quite obviously HAVE to rip - off Star Trek footage , set backdrops , music and effects , I see no reason why they proceeded to rip off virtually every other sci - fi musical score ever made . Everything from Aliens to Starship Troopers rears it orchestral head at one point or another . Likewise , much of the footage is from other movies , dutifully CGI'd over to make it look different . The Grey warships , for instance , though disguised , are quite obviously Star Destroyers from Star Wars . And the station is also rather obviously Fleet Battle Station Ticonderoga from Starship Troopers . Likewise , sound effects from various Star Wars movies appear in space battles between fighters , as does animated over footage . In one scene in either first or second season , I think , you even see two TIE fighters fly past during a battle , which hardly does your suspension of disbelief any favours.<br /><br />Acting varies from the reasonable to the hideously painful to watch . Everyone does improve as the seasons progress , though , but expect to grimace at the screen a lot , especially in the early seasons . They 've also made some interesting acting choices . Let 's just say that the food replicators on this show seem permanently set to " cake " and leave it at that.<br /><br />Make - up effects are generally quite effective on the whole . But they really ought to mercilessly club to death the person who decided to use cheap Ferengi and Cardassian masks for anything other than background use or " passing " shots . They are just beyond unrealistic . Every time I saw one of these ( apart from trying not to laugh too much ) I kept expecting the unfortunate soul wearing it to pull out a gun and announce that " This is a stick - up ! " In one scene a " Cardassian " actually talks whilst wearing one of these . Not only do the lips not move , but the mask does n't even have an opening where the mouth should be . Someone needs to be slapped hard for that . Could n't they have taken a craft knife to it , for goodness ' sake ! There are also some well - done , but unintentionally funny make - up jobs , such as the Herman Munster look alike.<br /><br />The writing , though coherent , is nothing new . Instead the script runs like a continuation of DS9 , with the ships heading out from DS12 on various missions . The new enemy , " The Grey " are n't very menacing and the plot line involving them is effectively a reworking of the Borg threads . i.e. Starfleet meet the Grey , the Grey are hugely powerful , Starfleet barely escape with their lives , then through technology they begin to find ways to combat the enemy etc etc . All done before with the Borg.<br /><br />Another bone of contention is the dialogue . Star Trek writers have long had the ability to write " insert technobabble here " into a script . It usually means an exposition of the latest plan to combat the enemy using " quantum phase discriminators " or " isolytic charges " etc . In other words , nonsense that tells you that they are on the case and a resolution is at hand.<br /><br />The words are just gibberish really . I 've no problem with this , but where ST : HF makes a mess of it is where they include real - world comments into this concept.<br /><br />Tactical advice such as " We need to regroup " sounds good , but not when uttered by trio of characters already standing in a group . Likewise when asked what the situation is , a tactical officer is heard to reply " We count three battleships " . He actually needed to count them ? C'mon ! I expected the questioner to ask him " Are you sure ? " or " Can you double check " . But my all - time favourite comment is this : < br /><br />Captain : " Can we establish two - way communication?" < br /><br />Comms officer : " No , we can only send and receive .. " < br /><br />Well , duh! ..... <br /><br />Having said all the above , the show does improve as it goes along . Seasons 1 and 2 are pretty bad , 3 shows an improvement but 4 & 5 are where it starts to get noticeably better . Season 6 so far looks quite reasonable.<br /><br />I do have a problem with their choice of media for the shows though . Quicktime sucks , quite frankly and the sooner they move to divx / avi format the better . Some of us like to actually take our downloaded shows and watch them on decent size screen and not peer at a tiny QT window on a computer monitor . Not only does Quicktime make this difficult , but the 320x180 resolution the shows are in does not scale at all well . In fact , it makes the shows pretty unwatchable , like they were a tenth - generation VHS tape copy . The least they could do was to include a hi - res downloadable option.<br /><br />Anyway , the show has promise , and I 'm even beginning to like some of the characters . But that 's 40 episodes on , so I 'm not sure this says that much about character development at all.<br /><br />But what can you say , it 's free .... <br /><br />PS : Out of 28 votes , 19 people rated this show as a 9 or 10 . Hmmmm ... were we watching the same show ? Or are you 19 all three year olds ?
0 How low can someone sink while trying to recapture an old glory ? ST : HF will be glad to show you.<br /><br />If you are used to seeing what made for a good Star Trek show , do NOT watch this.<br /><br />The writing is hodge - podge , the actors ' portrayals of their characters weak , and most of all , the design work is downright doggy.<br /><br />Like watching strong captains , do n't look here ! Like the strong Federation attitude ? Forget about it here ! Starfleet is mocked by ensigns wearing SPIKES in their hair.<br /><br />While a seemingly mentally feeble captain shuffles about and within two minutes of the opening show 's credits , Ensign Spikey is attempting to arrange a tryst with an engineer . It just degrades from there . No , not even uniforms match , for goodness sake . They are too small or too big , collars down to their chests , and TNG Seasons One and Two Uniforms mixed in with Season Three and DS9 uniforms . The strict discipline and tradition of any of the originals in lacking in this production down to the treads ! The only good thing about this show is its graphics , which seem to improve a bit with each season . OK , I take that back . Who uses CG that inexpertly ? The designers of this show.<br /><br />Don't bother with it , it will offend your Star Trek sense , as it did mine . Not even the throw backs to previous shows can save this catastrophe.<br /><br />I wept openly when i watched this , probably because my eyes were bleeding and my head almost ruptured . That bad .
0 I was attracted to this movie when I looked at cast list , but after I watched it I must admit that I felt a bit disappointed . The main problem of this movie is that actors are n't capable of holding this movie on their back . Why ? Because of bad script . Although Dillon , Lane and Jones try very hard to take this movie on another level , there is no innovative storytelling and the direction is too ordinary . So for Matt Dillon fans this is watchable movie , just like for admirers of beautiful Diane Lane . Legendary Tommy Lee Jones is always great but this is not movie for him ; far below his level . So if you get hooked up by this great cast watch it but do n't expect anything big or extraordinary . The only thing that you 'll remember about this flick is Diane Lane scenes ; rest of it is very forgettable .
0 Follow - up to 1973 's " Walking Tall " continues the real - life drama surrounding Tennessee sheriff Buford Pusser , but this installment plays like a lame TV - movie . Bo Svenson takes over the lead role from Joe Don Baker , but he 's much too mild for the part ; he comes off like an ambling country singer with a bat instead of a guitar . Good supporting actors like Richard Jaekel , Luke Askew and Robert DoQui end up with very little to do . I would give the film one - star strictly on its good intentions , but the screenplay is a transparent and lazy mass of routine predicaments and the production is cheapjack . Followed in 1977 by " Final Chapter - Walking Tall " and in 1978 by the television film " A Real American Hero " .
0 How can they from Joe Don Baker ( as Bufford Pusser in the first sequel ) to Bo Svenson ( as Bufford Pusser in the second sequel).Why did they do that for . Just Because Bo Svenon look more a like to Bufford Pusser they still should'nt of changed it because the first sequel it was Joe Don Baker as Bufford Pusser and that one of the thing i wanted to see in the second sequel.<br /><br />I would 've given this movie a 7 out of 10 and i would 've given it a 1 out of 10 if the story did'nt have anything to do with Bufford Pusser 's life but it did and that why i had given this movie a 3 out 10.<br /><br />I strongly suggest that anyone who is planning on watching this cheese i suggest do n't and watch the first sequel instead .
0 Autobiography of founder of zoo in NYC starts out by being very cute and would be great family movie if it stayed there . however we get more and more involved with reality as gorilla grows up to be a wild thing not easily amenable to his " mother 's " wishes - this might scare younger children , esp . scenes where Buddy tries to injure Gertrude . rather quick resolution at the end . below average .
0 As a big fan of gorilla movies in general , I anticipated that this one would be great - and as for the gorilla effects , They were quite good , however - that is the only thing I can write about this flop . The film claims to be based on a true story but in effect , it does not even come close to what actually happened to " Buddy " - who in real life , was the famous Gargantua , sold to Ringling Bros. by our supposed " heroic " Gertrude Lintz , known by many animal enthusiasts as a woman who hardly had her animals ' welfare in the best interest . As far as Buddy being portrayed as becoming aggressive , this was total fiction and at no time did the gorilla , in real life , resort to such behavior . buddy did , in fact , escape his wooden crate ( not a plush cage room as depicted in movie ) during a storm , to seek shelter and comfort in the house , which frightened Gertrude Lintz into selling him . No , Buddy was not released into a gorilla family surrounded by lush trees in a zoological paradise - he was abandoned in a wooden crate , deep in the back of a garage for some time with only a single light bulb for comfort and then sold to the circus - where he actually lived a better life having peanuts thrown at him until he died ( historically the oldest living gorilla on record , by the way ) before a show in Miami . Notice also , in the film , how Buddy grows older but the chimpanzees never age . ( The chimps , by the way , were not raised simultaneously with other animals , including Buddy , as portrayed in the film )
0 Curiously , it is Rene Russo 's eyes and mouth -- not Buddy the Gorilla's-- that emerge as the focal point of " Buddy " , a Jim Henson Pictures production through Francis Ford Coppola 's Zoetrope . Somehow , countless close - ups of Russo 's face slipped passed in the post - production stages , and she literally fills the screen so many times the poor apes are upstaged . Unintentionally funny true story adapted from Gertrude " Trudy " Davies Lint 's memoirs about a wealthy doctor 's wife who turns their mansion into a menagerie for pets and wild - life . The movie goes beyond good intentions ... it positively drips with earnest sincerity . The movie never sparkles with the kind of " family film " magic that it needed , and before too long both the people and the animals seem distinctly programmed ( nothing here feels real ) . About ten minutes in , two chimpanzees are goofing around in Russo 's kitchen and start throwing a butcher 's knife back and forth ( it misses Alan Cumming 's head by inches ) ; yet , no eyebrows are raised because it 's all in a day 's fun . Still , when full - grown gorilla Buddy gets crazy during a thunderstorm , the cops are called -- and everyone stares at Buddy through the window while he busts up the living room furniture . The furniture should be the least of anyone 's worries in this flabbergasting , do - gooder failure . But , at least we know Russo was in good hands : whenever director Caroline Thompson needs a good pick - up shot , she gives unstartled Rene another extreme close - up . I wonder what the lipstick budget was on this picture ? * * from * * * *
0 Some films are so bad that they 're good . This is clearly not one of them . Based on a true story , this film was about as true to the story as Pinocchio 's chances of becoming a real boy . The acting was terrible , the direction was poor , and it travelled way too fast . It was as if the director just wanted to get it over and done with and go home.<br /><br />Nor did Melissa Joan Hart ever strike me as a talented actress , but then every film she made was pretty low - budget anyway . Like most of her other films , she lets down her characters by hamming them up too much , talking too quickly as if speeding up her words is going to make her more dramatic . She really brings out the sense that there is a crew in front of her and she 's talking to a camera , when she should be engaging the viewer in her character . It pretty much lets down the whole film , and any leg that it may have had left to stand on , is ruined.<br /><br />Probably the only good thing about the film is when she got nailed in the end . But even that was n't satisfying enough to subdue my loathing for such a bad film.<br /><br />Watch it if your taste in film is blander than a piece of dry toast .
0 Terry West had a good idea w\ this movie . He just did n't flesh it thru . There are endless shots of the creepy looking school 's exteriors that go on forever and probably to pad the film 's running time . Also at this school there are only 2 students . Misty Mundae is good as usual but this film will always belong to Ruby LaRocca ( which is the only reason to watch the film in the beginning ) . If the script centered on her interesting character we 'd have a movie to watch . She is so GORGEOUS ! ! Good news for DVD buyers , Terry West 's earlier ( and better ) film " Blood For The Muse " is a special feature . One thing I 'd like to say is that this movie feels like someone who 's not good at delivering the punch line at the end of a long joke for the ending feels that very same way . Then again , just watch this for Ruby LaRocca .
0 I 've seen ( far too ) many flicks from this company - this one is about middle of the pack . One the good side , its a bit more stylized and under control than some of their fare - less of the sophomoric attempts at humor and more adherence to story ( for what its worth ) . Many of their titles , like Sexy Sixth Sense , are buried by baaaad performances and an amateurish sensibility . On the other side , I found the simulated sex scenes not as hot as some of their other flicks ( like Vampire Vixens , Gladiator Eroticus , Spiderbabe or Mistress Frankenstein).<br /><br />Misty Mundae is always a 10 on the peter meter , as is Darian Caine . I found Barbara Joyce hot in a school - marm kinda way , and Ruby LaRocca a sexy little hottie.<br /><br />Watch this with the remote firmly in your ( free ) hand , on a night when you need a break from porn . Do n't waste your time wanting to check the story - you 've got better things to do w/ your life . It is not a movie , it 's pure T&A , but not bad by that standard .
0 As one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film , I found this to be a very disappointing movie.<br /><br />Yes , it has a funny awkward type of humour if you can bear the ( highly ) morally dubious premise . However , it fails abysmally in the important areas.<br /><br />There is thin and nonsensical plot line involving Gordon Sinclair 's generous friend who may or may not be entwined in a conspiracy to supply dangerous electronics to Third World countries - possibly in free computers ... or possibly not . Vague , long - winded and inconclusive . The lack of any substantial ending is so infuriating and what is present is pompous and wholly illogical . The film feels half - finished.<br /><br />Suspension of disbelief is extremely difficult when witnessing a very attractive female teacher ( Maria Doyle Kennedy ) can be drawn to Gordon Sinclair 's unimpressive character , especially when he fends off her advances . Laughable . It worsens later in the film when he achieves his romantic ambitions then throws it all away for some ideals based on very little evidence of ambiguous value.<br /><br />Not many films leave me feeling cheated , but I felt my time was stolen .
0 First of all my heartfelt commiserations to anyone who bought a cinema ticket in the hope of seeing a film in the same mould as the fantastic Gregory 's Girl and Local Hero but ended up leaving the theatre feeling disappointed and vaguely cheated . While it 's true that sequels are usually , bar a few notable exceptions , a mistake and exist merely to provide studio executives with an opportunity to cash in on the success of a previous film by offering us either a thinly disguised retread of the original story or a plot line so far removed from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense . In the case of Gregory 's Two Girls , Bill Forsyth has the dubious honour of managing to commit both sins - on the one hand revisiting the plot of Gregory 's Girl , while at the same time serving up a frankly incredible and moronic storyline involving Scottish arms dealers . Schoolboy Gregory is now a teacher at the same school where at the tender age of sixteen , he harboured a hopeless passion for the football playing Dorothy . Although now thirty five , Gregory still harbours a hopeless passion but now for the football playing Frances , also sixteen , despite the fact that music teacher , Bel has made it clear that she is attracted to him . His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her lead to his involvement in a scheme to expose a local arms dealer who also happens to be an old schoolfriend . There 's no point in going any further as the rest of the story is forgettable and the ending makes no real sense at all . The main problem lies with the character of Gregory himself , in that there is no sign of the endearing and charming sixteen year old Gregory who actively and comically pursues Dorothy convinced that he would eventually win her over . At thirty five , Gregory is presented to us as a rather sad and friendless creature whose life is neither active nor comic . Outside of work his time is spent watching videos of Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustices . As his friends and family from the previous film have seemingly vanished , save two pointless scenes with his younger sister , who no longer offers him advice or seems at all interested in his life , we are left confused about what it is Gregory really wants , who he is and why he is the way he is . Why for example is he friendless ? Why does he never see his father , who is clearly still alive ? Why has he returned to teach at the school he once attended ? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice ? Why has he become so apathetic ? Why is he attracted to Frances ? Why is n't he attracted to Bel until the last twenty minutes of the film ? What in heaven 's name do Bel or Frances see in him as he is neither drop dead gorgeous or even interesting ? Why does he continue to try and impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an item and when their association threatens to completely disrupt his life ? Are we really to believe that a Scottish arms dealer openly selling weapons of torture to oppressive regimes could manage to evade media scrutiny but fall foul of a couple of school - kids ? Does Gregory really think that dumping a handful of computers into the sea will change anything ? To make matters worse , actor John Gordon Sinclair attempts to rehash his performance as the adolescent Gregory right down to the facial expressions and awkward body language . Unfortunately on a thirty five year old it just comes across as odd and vaguely creepy . On top of that , it 's hard to feel any sympathy for , or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex with one of their uniform wearing pupils while they both lie on a pile of gym mats . Rather than being amusing it simply smacks of paedophilia . It 's hard to know what was going through Bill Forsyth 's head when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original film would embrace a story so completely lacking in the charm , wit and warmth that turned the first movie into a classic . I can only assume that the plan was to craft a film about a man who was refusing to grow up and commit to adult life and perhaps whose happiest memory was of being sixteen and pursuing the best looking girl in the school but who by degrees is forced to accept that a life lived in the past is no life at all . That at least could have been the basis of a film which was thematically interesting and intelligent . As it is Gregory 's Two Girls adds up 116 wasted and pointless minutes saying nothing and signifying even less . Gregory 's Girl was responsible for launching Bill Forsyth 's career , here 's hoping that Gregory 's Two Girls wo n't be responsible for sinking it .
0 Watched this film having really enjoyed Gregory 's Girl many years ago . This was drivel . The plot was vaguely distasteful with the teacher and his friend perving over 14 - 15-year - old girls in very short skirts . Previous commenters seem to think that this does n't matter , but I found it rather nasty . If you have children at school then the last thing you want is to think that every youngish teacher is lusting after his pupils . We were surprised that the censor let that through . Apart from that the film was just a waste of time . The script was poor and John Gordon Sinclair trying too hard to recreate his schoolboy image , slightly wacky and off the wall . Why anyone would want to lust after him in this performance is incredible . This film failed on all counts for me . Dreadful . Please do n't waste your time watching it . Life 's too short
0 This film is a travesty , and is n't fit to keep company with the superior original . The plot is an absolute mess , and the film is way too long . Everytime they 're struggling , they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film.<br /><br />"Gregory 's Girl " is one of the top 10 British films of all time , this one is awful .
0 This one came out during the Western genre ’s last gasp ; unfortunately , it emerges to be a very minor and altogether unsatisfactory effort – even if made by and with veterans in the field ! To begin with , the plot offers nothing remotely new : James Coburn escapes from a chain gang , intent on killing the man ( now retired ) who put him there – Charlton Heston . While the latter lays a trap for him , Coburn outwits Heston by kidnapping his daughter ( Barbara Hershey ) . Naturally , the former lawman – accompanied by Hershey ’s greenhorn fiancé ( Chris Mitchum ) – sets out in pursuit of Coburn and his followers , all of whom broke jail along with him.<br /><br />Rather than handling the proceedings in his customary sub - Fordian style , McLaglen goes for a Sam Peckinpah approach – with which he ’s never fully at ease : repellent characters , plenty of violence , and the sexual tension generated by Hershey ’s presence among Coburn ’s lusty bunch . Incidentally , Heston and Coburn had previously appeared together in a Sam Peckinpah Western – the troubled MAJOR DUNDEE ( 1965 ; I really need to pick up the restored edition of this one on DVD , though I recently taped the theatrical version in pan - and - scan format off TCM UK ) . Anyway , the film is too generic to yield the elegiac mood it clearly strives for ( suggested also by the title ) : then again , both stars had already paid a fitting valediction to this most American of genres – WILL PENNY ( 1968 ) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID ( 1973 ) ! < br /><br />At least , though , Heston maintains a modicum of dignity here – his ageing character attempting to stay ahead of half - breed Coburn by anticipating what his next move will be ; the latter , however , tackles an uncommonly brutish role and only really comes into his own at the climax ( relishing his moment of vengeance by sadistically forcing Heston to witness his associates’ gang - rape of Hershey ) . Apart from the latter , this lengthy sequence sees Heston try to fool Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID ( 1961 ) , the villainous gang is then trapped inside a bushfire ignited by the practiced Heston and the violent death of the two ‘ obsolete’ protagonists ( as was his fashion , Heston ’s demise takes the form of a gratuitous sacrifice!).<br /><br />The supporting cast includes Michael Parks as the ineffectual town sheriff , Jorge Rivero as Coburn ’s Mexican lieutenant , and Larry Wilcox – of the TV series CHiPs ! – as the youngest member of Coburn ’s gang who ’s assigned the task of watching over Hershey ( while doing his best to keep his drooling mates away ! ) . Jerry Goldsmith contributes a flavorful but , at the same time , unremarkable score .
0 I 'm going to have to disagree with the previous comment and side with Maltin on this one . This is a second rate , excessively vicious Western that creaks and groans trying to put across its central theme of the Wild West being tamed and kicked aside by the steady march of time . It would like to be in the tradition of " Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " , but lacks that film 's poignancy and charm . Andrew McLaglen 's direction is limp , and the final 30 minutes or so are a real botch , with some incomprehensible strategy on the part of heroes Charlton Heston and Chris Mitchum . ( Someone give me a holler if you can explain to me why they set that hillside on fire . ) There was something callous about the whole treatment of the rape scene , and the woman 's reaction afterwards certainly did not ring true . Coburn is plenty nasty as the half breed escaped convict out for revenge , but all of his fellow escapees are underdeveloped ( they 're like bowling pins to be knocked down one by one as the story lurches forward ) . Michael Parks gives one of his typically shifty , lethargic , mumbling performances , but in this case it was appropriate as his modern style sheriff symbolizes the complacency that technological progress can bring about .
0 I do n't know why I 'm taking the time to review this waste - of - time movie . If you stick with it long enough in hopes of a satisfying conclusion  good , bad , or surprising  do n't . It finally fizzles out after stiff , formulaic , predictable dialogue and acting . Indoor scenes are so harshly lit you think if the camera were zoomed out one millimeter further you 'd see the klieg lights . Costumes , hair - do 's , and sets are starched , pressed , and immaculate . Are we supposed to imagine common people really lived like that in early 20th - century Arizona ? Other reviews ' comparisons to Sam Peckinpah are an insult to Peckinpah : at least that director wove his violence into the context of chaos and mayhem . HARD MEN 's gore is gratuitous exploding squibs from wooden impersonations of bad guys with manicured fingernails . Huh ? ! ? I can believe Heston thought he might have been making something of worth with this film . ( He does get to clutch his gun in his cold fingers . ) But Coburn ? I 'll never guess why he signed up for this travesty . Want to see a movie about the end of the West as we knew it , the end of Westerns as we knew them ? Watch THE SHOOTIST or UNFORGIVEN again . THE LAST HARD MEN is a mockery of an obituary to the Western .
0 Incarcerated train robber near Yuma breaks free his chain - gang and heads for the retired sheriff responsible for killing his wife ( as well as a hidden stash of gold which remains hidden thanks to the screenwriter ) . Attempt to bring the western genre up - to - date with 1970s - style violence and brutality is n't even in the same league as some of the new - fangled westerns which came out of the late-'60s . It is impossibly simple and square , with the female characters merely around as punching - bags and possible rape victims . As the former sheriff back in command , Charlton Heston gives one of his laziest , least - inspired performances ever ( he has one good moment , attempting to read a letter and fumbling for his glasses ) . James Coburn , as the half - mad half - breed , is pretty much on auto - pilot as well , but Coburn has a way of turning even the hoariest dialogue and situations into something prickly and unnerving . It 's his show all the way . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 By 1976 the western was an exhausted genre and the makers of this film clearly knew it . Still , instead of shelving the project and saving us from having to watch it , they went ahead and made it anyway . Apparently in need of an interesting thread to get the audiences to come and see the film , they decided to make it as blatantly violent and unpleasant as possible . Hell , it worked for The Wild Bunch so why should n't it work here ? Of course , The Wild Bunch had the benefit of a superb script but the script of The Last Hard Men is plain old - fashioned rubbish.<br /><br / > It 's hard to figure out what attracted Charlton Heston and James Coburn to their respective roles . Heston plays a retired lawman who goes after an escaped bunch of convicts led by a violent outlaw ( Coburn ) . The hunt becomes even more personal when Heston 's daughter ( Barbara Hershey ) is kidnapped by the convicts and subjected to sexual degradation.<br /><br / > This is a bloodthirsty film indeed in which every time someone dies it is displayed in over - the - top detail . It 's tremendously disappointing really , because the star pairing sounds like a mouth - watering prospect . There 's no sense of pace or urgency in the film either . It takes an eternity to get going , but when the action finally does come it is marred by the emphasis on nastiness . All in all , this might be the very worst film that Heston ever made . I 'm sure it 's one of the productions he is loathe to include on his illustrious CV .
0 Stereotyped , derivative , unoriginal and boring Western . The two popular stars ( Charlton Heston and James Coburn ) both give performances that are far from their best , and justifiably so ; they both have superficial roles and character traits stated mainly by dialogue . Heston is a sheriff who " liked the world better as it used to be before " and Coburn is an outlaw who " owes something to the man who locked him up and has to pay his debt " . Additionally , Heston is so old that he has trouble riding a horse and Coburn is mean and tough but not as cold - blooded a killer as some of the minor villains . Apparently , the filmmakers could n't come up with even ONE original idea about how to make this movie somewhat distinguished . ( * 1/2 )
0 Damn , I thought I 'd seen some bad westerns . Ca n't top this one though . Hell I think I 'd rather have my eyes stapled open for a Trinity Triple Feature for cryin out loud . I do nt think I 'll be able to watch Ben Hur again without laughing my ass off . Just really bad.<br /><br />But hey , if you like stupid westerns with acknowledged stars in the thing take a peek at Shoot Out with Gregory Peck . It 's just as bad , but much funnier . 1/10
0 I saw this film over the weekend and while I was impressed as always with the beauty and polish of Church - produced films , I left disappointed that this one fell so short , failing to inform members and leaving investigators with many unanswered questions.<br /><br />The film is 70 minutes of vignettes from the life of Joseph Smith . It 's not a true biopic because there 's no real coherent narrative . Most of the episodes concern Joseph doing good deeds , playing baseball , running races and laughing with children , often in sloooow motion . What a great , just folks kind of guy that Joseph was , huh ? Look at him out there beating rugs for his wife Emma . Well , howzbout the rugs of his 33 plural wives ? ? No mention whatsoever is made of polygamy . A glaring omission.<br /><br />And it is in such omissions where the film falters . It supplies too little information and leaves critical thinking audience members wondering WHY is Joseph getting tarred and feathered , WHY is he getting thrown in jail and WHY does that mob want to kill him ? The film 's climax is of course Joseph and Hyrum 's trek to Carthage jail ( riding past a veritable United Nations of faces looking out from Nauvoo 's doorways ) . But no mention is ever made about WHY . Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Expositor newspaper and ordering its press destroyed for its revealing the secret teaching of polygamy . The audience is left to wonder or to assume it 's just more baseless persecution of the Church . No mention of Joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law and calling out the Nauvoo militia.<br /><br />Of course I certainly did not expect this Church - produced film to present the Joseph of Richard Bushman 's recent biography Rough Stone Rolling , but I was surprised and taken aback at just how little of substance was actually presented.<br /><br />And worse , what substance that was presented was often inaccurate . Two examples jumped out at me . First , the translation of the Book of Mormon . The film shows Joseph reading right off the golden plates in their two - ring binder , which plates in reality were hidden far from the site . It 's well known that Joseph did his translating by burying his face in his hat , peering at the seer stone in there . The second inaccuracy occurs at Carthage jail , where the mob storms the cell . The History of the Church reports that Joseph had a six - shooter and even fired off a few rounds before jumping out the window and giving the Masonic signal of distress ( as reported in Times & Seasons).<br /><br />Maybe showing the reality of the gunfight would have shattered the heart - tugging mood the filmmakers had created , but by omitting it they were unfaithful to history and failed to show Joseph as he really was : handy with a gun and able to defend himself . In fact , the impression the film gives is that Joseph was a nice guy , but also something of a milquetoast that everybody beat up , tossed in jail and eventually murdered in cold blood . He was far from that ; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured a lot of hardship and struggle to bring to fruition that in which he believed.<br /><br />See the film , but know going in that 's it 's cotton candy . Then get your meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman 's biography of Smith , Rough Stone Rolling < br /><br />PS : Church - produced films have no credits , but seasoned eyes can pick out a couple familiar faces . Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith , Sr . and Bruce Newbold , beloved as Thomas in Finding Faith in Christ , here plays the cranky Methodist minister who failed to show Christian love to a young seeker after Truth .
0 I feel the movie did not portray Smith historically . The goal of this movie was to tell Smith 's life in a way that would be " comfortable " to the LDS Church leaders , historical accuracy seems to have been of little concern . The movie was designed to be a " faith promoting " experience , not a balanced view of Smith " as a man . " I have taken it upon myself to study Smith 's life and have read both LDS works and none LDS works . The movie , like most LDS projects , was beautifully filmed and well acted . However , this was not a realistic portrayal of either the beginnings of Mormonism or Smith 's relatively short life.<br /><br />A significant period of time was given to reenacting an accident that Smith had when he was seven . While this event was no doubt important in forming his mental outlook , it appears that the main reason for including it in the film is to help establish a sympathetic view of Joseph Smith . Another point is in portraying Smith 's teen years the film is silent regarding the Smith family 's involvement in magical practices during the 1820 's . Another problem is while the movie shows Joseph Smith good - naturedly entering into wrestling contests , it fails to show how he sometimes lost his temper and became violent.<br /><br />I could go on and on . This movie was not historical in any way and should be considered a fictional movie about a man . I would not recommend seeing this movie for any other purpose other then entertainment .
0 For most younger viewers out there , they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was . So , because of this , they probably wo n't feel nearly as sad when watching this film as I did . I happen to be a silent comedy freak -- having see just about every Keaton film still in existence . My being a huge fan made this film very painful from start to finish . This is because during his silent days , Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedian . He was amazing in his physicality and his films were almost never dull . However , in a move that movie historians still are baffled by , at the end of the silent era , Keaton gave up his independence and became a stock MGM actor . Instead of being a great creative force , MGM now saw Keaton solely as an actor -- and they wrote scripts for him that had no respect for what made him great . At first , these films with MGM were not that bad ( such as THE CAMERAMAN ) but with talkies , the studio really blew it -- putting him in several films with Jimmy Durante . Durante 's humor was based on his gift for gab and was abrasive . Keaton , in contrast , was quiet and based on action . Two more unlike and incompatible actors would have been hard to find . As a result of this deadly combination , Keaton made some truly dreadful films.<br /><br />Now this is n't to say that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible film . No , instead it 's just more of a time - passer and an amazingly unfunny one at that . In fact , if you go into the movie assuming it 's a comedy , it will probably make the film harder to enjoy . Instead , it 's sort of like a drama with a few comedic elements . It is NOT a film that will produce belly laughs -- especially for Keaton fans.<br /><br />The film begins in an odd setting . Keaton is cast as a college professor whose entire life is teaching . He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his books . In a bizarre move , Keaton 's servant tricks him into believing Keaton has received $ 750,000 from a dead relative -- hoping that this would spur Keaton to get out and enjoy life . This is amazingly contrived but somehow it manages to work . Not terribly well , but it works.<br /><br />Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a journey to New York to have some fun . On the way there , he meets up with an incredibly untalented theater troop . Because he knows nothing of the world , he does n't seem to realize they stink . And , because he thinks he 's rich , Keaton decides to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway . However , just before the show opens , his friends find out that Keaton is NOT rich . So , they decide not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from process servers that want to close the show . They assume that if the show is a hit , then they can pay off the debts and everyone will be happy . However , they forget that the show itself stinks . What are they to do ? And , will Keaton get the nice girl , get roped by a gold digger ( Thelma Todd ) or be flat broke and alone ? If you care , see the film.<br /><br />As for Keaton , he has few stunts in the film , though there are some dandy ones near the end . Instead , Keaton just kind of walks through the part in a very subdued manner . There 's really little to love about this film or hate . It 's just blah .... when it SHOULD have been a heck of a lot better .
0 To be a Buster Keaton fan is to have your heart broken on a regular basis . Most of us first encounter Keaton in one of the brilliant feature films from his great period of independent production : ' The General ' , ' The Navigator ' , ' Sherlock Jnr ' . We recognise him as the greatest figure in the entire history of film comedy , and we want to see more of his movies . Here the heartbreak begins . After ' Steamboat Bill Jnr ' , Keaton 's brother - in - law Joseph Schenck pressured him into signing a contract that put Keaton under the control of MGM . Keaton became just one more actor for hire , performing someone else 's scripts . Then his alcoholism got worse . After ' Steamboat Bill Jnr ' , Keaton never again made a truly first - rate film . A couple of sources describe a would - be masterpiece comedy that Keaton claimed he * almost * got to make at MGM : a parody of ' Grand Hotel ' . Biographer Tom Dardis has offered convincing evidence that Keaton made up this story.<br /><br />The heartbreak increases because , among the many years of Keaton 's long steady decline , he just occasionally came up with a good film ... such as his short comedy ' Grand Slam Opera ' . I continue to search for the lost footage of Keaton 's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in ' It 's a Mad Mad World ' : a sequence in which embittered cop Tracy telephones an old retired crook ( Keaton ) and tries to recruit his assistance in stealing Smiler Grogan 's cash . That footage is almost certainly gone forever , but I keep looking.<br /><br />'Speak Easily ' , alas , is one of Keaton 's films from the beginning of his decline . MGM were trying to build up Jimmy Durante ( who , coincidentally , played Smiler Grogan three decades later ) as a new comedy star . Unfortunately , MGM tried to build up Durante by teaming him with Keaton , whose style of comedy was simply incompatible with Durante 's . ( I 'm a fan of both . ) Throughout his career , Durante was a merciless scene - stealer : commendably , he knew that he was being built up at Keaton 's expense , and Keaton was the only co - star whom Durante never attempted to upstage.<br /><br />Keaton was often cast as the victim of extremely cruel machinations . In ' Speak Easily ' , he plays a didactic and humourless Midwestern college professor named Post ( because he 's as wooden as one ) who receives a letter informing him that he 's inherited $ 750,000 , which he must travel to New York City to claim . Does he make a ' phone call to verify this ? Does he even check the postmark ? No ; he takes his life 's savings out of the bank and rushes to New York . As soon as he 's gone , Post 's manservant confesses that he wrote the ( fake ) letter to jostle Professor Post out of his rut!<br /><br />Post , who thinks he 's a 3/4-millionaire , crosses paths with Jimmy Dodge ( Durante ) , who 's trying to produce a musical revue but has n't any money . The characters which these two brilliant comedians are playing onscreen simply fail to intermesh . Keaton is playing one of those eggheads ( like Mister Logic in ' Viz ' ) who intellectualises everything . Durante plays one of those annoying hepcats who is incapable of making any straightforward statement because the script requires him always to speak in slang . There 's a painfully unfunny dialogue scene in which Durante is trying to talk to Keaton about money , but - instead of coming straight out with it - Durante has to use increasingly contrived slang terms like ' kale ' , ' cartwheels ' and so forth ... while Keaton of course has no idea what Durante 's on about . I 'll give Keaton credit : his own dry and dusty prairie voice , his flat Kansas accent , is absolutely perfect for the character he 's playing here.<br /><br />Sidney Toler , looking much leaner and more handsome here than he would be just a year later , is impressive as the excitable director of the revue bankrolled ( on tick ) by Professor Post . Henry Armetta , whom I 've never found funny , is even less funny than usual here , offering a running gag with a stupid payoff . Thelma Todd impressed me here , in a more villainous version of the role she played in ' Horse Feathers ' ( a much funnier movie ) . Edward Brophy , one of my favourite character actors , is wasted.<br /><br />Part of the problem with ' Speak Easily ' is that supporting characters behave in completely inappropriate ways . Keaton 's lawyer shows up at Durante 's theatre with an urgent message for Keaton ... but he is n't there , so the lawyer proceeds to divulge Keaton 's personal business to the first total stranger he meets . ( Fire that lawyer , Buster ! ) In another scene , Professor Post - the guy who 's perceived as bankrolling this musical - blunders into the chorus girls ' changing room , and all the chorus girls immediately squeal and cover themselves . I know for a fact that * modern * chorus girls would never react this way , and I seriously doubt that chorus girls in 1932 behaved that way either ... certainly not in response to the ' angel ' controlling their show 's pursestrings.<br /><br />SPOILERS COMING . About half an hour into the unfunny ' Speak Easily ' , the great Jimmy Durante seats himself at the piano , grins into the camera , and does that distinctive little shake of his head as he starts to play a tune . This is the moment when I thought that , at long last , this movie was finally going to settle down to its purpose of entertaining us . Alas , no . Most annoying of all is the ending of this film , which uses the single most hackneyed and implausible cliche in all of comedy : the one in which an utterly incompetent dimwit becomes a star comedian through his own ineptitude . ( Keaton would be forced to replay this cliche in a 1955 episode of ' Screen Directors Playhouse ' ; Chaplin had already used it in ' The Circus'.)<br /><br />I very nearly wept - in anger and sorrow - at the wasted opportunities in ' Speak Easily ' . Mostly out of respect for the work that Keaton , Durante , Toler , Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere , I 'll rate this movie 2 points out of 10.<br /><br / >
0 What is the most harrowing movie ever made ? The gynaecological nightmare of ' Cries and Whispers ' ? The acid psychodramas of Fassbinder ? The discomfiting black comedy of ' Last House on the left ? I 'm sure for that portion of the film - loving public that tie their masts to the good ship Buster Keaton , there is only one answer - any one of his sound films . < br /><br />I do n't know what flayed my soul more poignantly in this movie - the grounding of Keaton 's intricate and expansive physical art to humdrum slapstick ; the painful hesitation of this master filmmaker with dialogue - not that he has n't a lovely , comic voice , or that he ca n't make dialogue funny ; it 's just that the studio do n't seem to have given him enough takes , and so he seems to be trying to remember his lines before he delivers , which only makes him - Keaton , not his character , look silly ; or is it the humiliation of seeing Keaton caught up in a tawdry sex farce , when he has given us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in film ? < br /><br />No , I know what was most disturbing - having to watch Buster Keaton , cinema 's greatest comedian , sit aside to observe Jimmy Durante doing his schtick . It is horrors such as this that get yer Dantes composing yer Infernos.<br /><br />MGM seem to have got the curious idea that the best way to adapt Keaton to sound was to turn him into a Marx Brother , complete with verbal pedantry , elaborate , tedious ' clowning ' , shambolic slapstick , theatrical setting , triumph through chaos , and Thelma Todd . Keaton was just not that sort of comic , and where Groucho 's malicious tongue and gleeful opportunism might just have made this plot work , Buster 's socially inept professor ca n't , he is too studied and predictable . < br /><br />What Buster needed was to be allowed experiment like Lang in ' M ' , or Rene Clair ; he would never have tried to hold back the tide like Chaplin . When a film like ' The General ' is alluded to - messing about with trains - the loss becomes even more apparent . < br /><br />And the thing is , in patches amid the flat direction , the film is n't all that bad - there is an excellent jolt when a camera on the bus leaves Keaton alone at a railway station ; and the denouement , if hardly original , is at least livelier than what went before . There is something almost endearing about the way Keaton slows down a plot that needs all the zip it can get . < br /><br />There is a film in here about loneliness , emotionally paralysing order , the numbing effects of education etc . , struggling to get out . The best way to appreciate this film is to watch not the narrative of Professor TZ Post , but of emasculated genius Buster Keaton , trapped in a prison of mediocrity , confounded by new technology , mocked by a malevolent fate ( in this case the studio ) , retaining a stoical grace . Looked at like that , it becomes a kind of masterpiece .
0 Watching " Speak Easily " is painful for fans of Buster Keaton . Seeing such a phenomenal writer , actor , comic , director , and stunt man subjected to this humiliating spectacle is like seeing a Picasso used as a drop cloth , or perhaps more like seeing the finest Camembert adulterated with whey solids and processed into Cheez - Whiz . < br /><br />Keaton is ill - cast as Professor Post , whose overblown vocabulary is the only thing keeping him from saying , " Tell me about the rabbits , George . " ( Post would have said something like , " Kindly inform me as to the status of the small mammals in the family Leporidae of the order Lagomorpha , kind sir , who I believe is primarily addressed with the epithet ' George ' . " ) When Keaton created his own characters , they might be situationally clueless but they were n't stupid . They were quick studies and became masters of their worlds . Not so with Post , who never stops stumbling and bumbling and who who has no more control of his destiny than a bilge rat had of the Titanic . And while Keaton 's original characters had a charming naiveté and innocence , Post comes across as such a profound sexual retardate that if he ever did become physically aroused , he 'd put an ice bag on the swelling and seek medical help . < br /><br />There are a couple of small , redeeming moments , such as Keaton 's attempts to get rid of the vampish Thema Todd or his suggestion as to appropriate attire for a Greek dance , but it 's just not worth enduring the entire film to see them.<br /><br />If you 're a fan of bad movies , get drunk and watch " Speak Easily " with friends , a la " Mystery Science Theater 3000 " . But other than that , stick with the silents . Let them be 100 % of what Buster Keaton is remembered for .
0 T.Z. Post , college professor , receives a false letter stating he inherited $ 750,000 . Now with financial means , he withdraws his life savings of $ 4,000 , and decides to finally going out & live . After having his baggage sent on a train to Chicago , he meets a traveling vaudeville troupe , and decides there good enough for him to put on a show on Broadway . The night of the show , poor Prof . Post has to hide from his creditors , settle the relationship woes between girlfriend Pansy and & floozy diva Eleanor , and still make sure the show must go on . After watching many of Keaton 's silent gems , this one is a pain to sit through , but I felt , it could have been a lot worse . Supporting cast Durante , Todd , & Selwyn come off very annoying at times , but still likeable . A pre - Charlie Chan Toler is good as the frustrated show director . 90 % of the script is badly written as MGM is trying to pass this off as a poor man 's Marx Bros. film where many of the sight gags fall flat from the beginning . Compiled with Keaton 's drinking problems at the time , this movie just is a sad moment in Buster 's life . Rating- 3 .
0 I watched full house when I was younger and I can not understand why I did . I do n't remember really enjoying the show . I think I and the majority of Americans watching this were hypnotized by its badness . It will put you in a trance state and there is no going back . I am still scarred but I try to move on . I know it 's a family show but that does not mean it has to be SO bad . The show is SO cliché with every episode ending with a " talk " from the dad to make everyone 's problems go away . The characters on the show are all loathsome . There is a know it all , cleaning obsessed , corny father who you want to punch in the face every time he comes on screen . We then have a supposed " rocker " uncle that is just there to look pretty for the moms that have to watch this crap . We have another uncle who is completely unfunny who does lame Bullwinkle impressions ( need I say more about him ) . There is the eldest daughter who can not act and is always whining about something . Then a middle daughter who always says , " HOW RUDE ! " to pretty much everything anyone says . Finally , there is the youngest daughter Michelle . Do not get me started on Michelle played but the horrible actors known as The Olsen Twins . If you believe in Christianity I guess you would associate her with the antichrist . She is always demanding things , trying too hard to be " cute " , is constantly saying " DUH ! " and rolling her eyes which makes you want to smack her . I am not a big fan of using a lot of physical abuse as punishment to children . But in her case , I would make an acceptation . She needed it on a daily basis . She is the most selfish character to ever be introduced to mainstream television . One example of this is when her rocker uncle is busy doing his job in the attic . The brat decides to constantly annoy him and demand attention . He yells at her and she gets upset . POOR BABY ! The rest of the episode is catering to her emotional needs and the uncle eventually apologizes to her . UGGHH ! The show will lower your IQ along with slowly destroying your will to live . I am surprised we do n't hear in the news about full house being played in the background when police find people that have committed suicide . Do yourself a favor and do not watch reruns of the show . You will thank me later .
0 Seriously . This is one of the most stupid family shows of all time.<br /><br />Plot- A family without a mother and 3 " dads " raise 3 little girls in San Francisco , California.<br /><br />Characters- Neat freak Danny , cartoon loving Joey , hair obsessed Jesse , spoiled brat Michelle , stupid DJ , and almost normal Stephanie . The creators of this show really want you to hate the characters , do n't they ? < br /><br />Therefore , I do not think anyone should watch this show . I only chuckled at a few moments in the show 's whole running , and I think that instead of lethal injection , all criminals should be forced to watch this show , a torture far worse than anything else.<br /><br />1.5/10 or : D
0 It has very bad acting . Bad story lines . Bad characters . You should never see this show If you see it on . TURN IT OFF . Or you be cringing for the next 30 minutes . It should have never been aired . It 's not great . You should never see it . NEVER EVER EVER . So now , if you ever wanna watch this show , please do n't . Turn to the THE CW for Smallville . Or Disney Channel for Hannah Montana , Wizards Of Waverly Place , or Nick for Drake & Josh , Those are much better family shows . So believe me on this , I 've watched it before . and It is honestly , and I say Honestly , the worst show I 've ever seen , and I 've seen a lot of TV . So do me a favor , and never watch this show .
0 The acting is bad ham , ALL the jokes are superficial and the target audience is clearly very young children , assuming they have below average IQs . I realize that it was meant for kids , but so is Malcom in the Middle , yet they still throw in adult humor and situations.<br /><br />What should we expect from a show lead by Bob Saget , the only comedian in existence who is less funny than a ball hitting a man 's groin , which is probably why he stopped hosting America 's Funniest Home Videos.<br /><br />Parents , do not let your kids watch this show unless you want to save money on college . Expose your kids to stupidity and they will grow up dumberer .
0 I can see little girls enjoying this show , but calling this a family show is ridiculous . I 'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years . It 's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife 's brother and his stupid friend from school , and others as the seasons go on . All of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson . In the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up and it ends on a light unfunny joke . As for the actors , I did n't like them either . Bob Saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities . Dave Coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid , and he 's horrid . John Stamos was the most tolerable character but he was so clichéd it was hard to watch him . The oldest girl , DJ , on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever . The middle girl Stephanie was too clichéd as the annoying little sister . The youngest girl Michelle showed what bad actresses the Olsen twins were . You can always tell when they are switching them off . The plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it 's cringe worthy . This is a " family " show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love , and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much . This will be remembered as my least favorite sit - com from the 80 's and 90's.<br /><br />My rating : Terrible show . TVG 30 mins .
0 What a crime ... <br /><br />You forgot to brush your teeth ... let 's make a 30 minute show about it and have a couple of kids make some noise and then have the dad lecture them all because that 's what he has to do.<br /><br />But , do n't forget Uncle Joey has to make some weird noises and cooky faces , then Uncle Jesse has to show up with his black leather jacket and some jeans and look pretty for a few minutes while everybody discusses how Mother would have done things if she were around .. <br /><br />Yep , full of zany little adventures about a whole bunch of nothing and an entire overlong story to build around it.<br /><br />Full House will not only bore you to tears , but it will make you age twenty times faster than you normally would .
0 Full House is one of the worst TV series ever ! Why?Because all the characters are so irritating that it 's impossible to bear . The best character is Joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally . An that girl DJ , who wrote her character?I want to kill my self every time she speaks . Not to mention when Danny start 's with his philosophy.<br /><br />Example : DJ won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino . However , she 's not eighteen so she should n't gamble according to law . However the casino was ready to pay her the money but then Danny , her father cought 's her and do n't let 's her raise that money because she is not eighteen . Oh come on , give me a break , will ya?Since i 've seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television . Some of the thing 's they say in this series not even a child would bought . Who in the world could think that Full House is entertaining and funny?Every single word they say in this series seem 's like Shakespeare wrote it . Except that Shakespere knew how to write and except that he would n't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the Full House ! < br /><br />For everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world , i deeply recommend ' Do not watch the Full House'!Not even one episode as a try out . Avoid this series . Save your self from stupidity and nonsense . This is the worst television show ever!I'd rather watch Teletubbies then this.'Do not watch this ' .
0 I hated this crap , every Friday as part of tgif it was on , and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week . If you want to see something funny go watch " No On Would Tell " Starring Candice Cameron and Fred Savage , it really is hilarious , shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible TV show . This show really makes me sick , I hate those kids , and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest . I 've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here . I AHet writing 10 lines ! Watch ' full house ' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment .
0 When I was younger , I liked this show , but now ... BLECCH ! ! ! This show is sappy , badly written , and rarely funny . The three leads were all good actors and funny men ( Saget 's stand up was a lot better than the stuff this show came up with , as was Coulier a better stand up , and Stamos was a better than average actor ) . After a while , Stamos wanted off the show because it wanted to do more serious stuff ( who could blame him ? ) . The show eventually got cancelled when many of the actors demanded more money.<br /><br />Here are a few things that drive me crazy about the show:<br /><br />1 . The catch phrases- How many times can one person put up with tiring catch phrases like with ' how rude ' , ' you got it dude ' , ' nerdbomber ' , ' cut it out ' and ' have mercy ' in a 24 hour time period ? < br /><br />2 . Kimmy Gibler- the most annoying character ever written for television.<br /><br />3 . The writing- stale and cliched as an oreo cookie . There is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing . Full House had bad cliched writing.<br /><br />4 . Three men living together in San Francisco- Enough said.<br /><br />5 . Unrealistic stuff- Too much to recall.<br /><br />6 . Trendy kids- The girls had all the latest mall fashions and you can see posters of trendy recording artists they would be into.<br /><br />Now this show is on Nick @ Nite . I would hardly call it a classic . I have nothing bad to say about the people involved since I think many of them are talented in their own right . But this show was just so sugary sweet , I could n't stand it after a while .
0 This show is just annoying ! ! ! I feel sorry for the actors for having to attempt to be funny ( especially Bob Saget ) , the laugh track tries to cover up the sad jokes and the " Awwww " track comes up at the most unnecessary times . The over - dramatic kids are no exception , especially the Olsen twins . Also , this show is cliché city . If you were to look up the word cliché , it would read " Full House " Every story line has a " life lesson " to be learned at the end . A sappy speech makes everything better and even has the ability to make the most bratty child have a sudden realization of goodness GASP too bad this could n't be possible in real life . I do n't know how someone could watch this show without bad mouthing the behavior of the characters or the laugh track . i find myself yelling at the TV saying , " THAT Is n't FUNNY / SAD / CUTE " If life were really like this , the world would fall apart .
0 WARNING ! This review will reveal the ending of the movie , " Scoop . " If you do n't want to know how the movie ends , do n't read this review!<br /><br />"Scoop " is so bad you 'll think " Annie Hall " was a fluke.<br /><br />It gets one star because you get to see Hugh Jackman 's naked chest . That 's the only thing " Scoop " has going for it.<br /><br />Woody Allen 's misogyny , and his fixation on women young enough , at this point , to be his granddaughter , has crippled any ability to make movies he may have had at any point.<br /><br />The plot seems promising : a ghost , Ian McShane , directs a fluffy headed student , Scarlett Johansson , to investigate whether or not an English Lord , Hugh Jackman , is the notorious Tarot Card Killer of prostitutes . A magician , Woody Allen , helps the girl.<br /><br />Promising plot notwithstanding , the movie completely lacks charm , or humor , or atmosphere . It 's an amazingly leaden , amateurish effort for someone who has made even one previous film , never mind dozens . Perhaps Allen has had a stroke that has gone unreported in the press.<br /><br />Much is made of the fact that unlike in his previous films , Woody Allen , now a septuagenarian , has FINALLY allowed a younger male lead to get the girl.<br /><br />Not so . In fact , the plot is constructed in such a way so that the girl gets no one.<br /><br />There is an early scene where Johansson , for no reason central to the movie , allows herself to be gotten drunk , and seduced , by a powerful , older director . " Seduced " is a euphemism for what happens . It 's a " slam , bam , I 've got ta go " kind of moment . It bears no relation to the plot whatsoever , and it cheapens Johansson in the viewer 's eye . Why did Allen add that unnecessary scene to the movie ? Because it shows a powerful director - like Allen - having sex with the female lead . Allen gets to have his cake and eat it , too.<br /><br />Johansson is not yet an actress . She does n't know how to command the screen except by wearing a tight , low cut top . She imitates Allen in a couple of scenes , and that just looks weird and sad.<br /><br />It does n't help that her character is scripted as a doll who ca n't function without a ghost , or an elderly and less than awe - inspiring magician , telling her what to do at every turn.<br /><br />She is approximately half Jackman 's age , and she comes across as a very vapid screen presence in their scenes together.<br /><br />Audience members not obsessed with breasts deserve better in their heroines , and Jackman deserves better , too -- a script that gives the heroine some intelligence and agency , and an actress who can convey those qualities.<br /><br />Hugh Jackman is similarly cheated by the script . Allen apparently ca n't stand it that Jackman is so stunningly good looking and young , and so he gives Jackman nothing to say or do . Like Johansson , he is used merely for his good looks . This is a shame , because , as Jackman has shown in any number of productions , from " Oklahoma " to " X Men , " he CAN act.<br /><br />Here 's the big plot twist -- Jackman , suave , charming English Lord , really is a killer . So , though the movie says it is all about letting someone else , other than Allen , get the girl , she does n't get anyone . Jackman , the man she 's been making love to , is a man who murdered a prostitute . Nice , Woody . Nice way to punish your heroine for being beyond your grasp.<br /><br />In a passive aggressive touch , Allen deprives his heroine of his own presence , as well , killing off his character , the magician , leaving Scarlett Johansson all alone at the end of the film.<br /><br />A final note : at my screening , not a single audience member laughed at any point during the film . Always a bad sign when a film is advertised as a comedy .
0 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm a huge fan of many of Woody 's movies , obviously his late 70 's masterpieces ( Annie Hall , Interiors , Manhattan)and most of his late 80's / early 90 's dramas ( Hannah , Crimes and Misdemeaners , Husbands and Wives ) in fact I even liked some of his more recent efforts ( Melinda , Anything Else , Small Time Crooks ) but this was abysmal , I though it could n't possibly be any worse than last years Match Point but how wrong I was.<br /><br />It was lazily plotted - basically a cross between Match Point , Manhattan Murder Mystery and Small Time Crooks , with all the jokes taken out - Woody seems to be on the way out as well , slurring most of his lines and delivering ' hilarious ' catchphrases ' I mean that with all due respect ... ' over and over until the blandness of it all becomes to much to bare.<br /><br />I know that most actors are queuing up to work with him but they should at least read the script first - Scarlett Johansson and Hugh Jackman are so much better than this - and Woody should really take a more behind the camera role in future , if he has any sense about 20 miles behind it.<br /><br />It would n't be so tragic if we did n't have so many great Woody films to compare this to - but it is clear that his best days are behind him and judging by this effort , Woody should call it a day before he becomes an industry joke.<br /><br />Embarrassingly bad
0 My wife and I both thought this film a watered - down , made - for - TV ( BBC ) version of Manhattan Murder Mystery ... which is itself good , but not great . The story has little inter- character tension or chemistry , and not much of a plot . Woody Allen 's character just sort of wanders around running off at the mouth , and Hugh Jackman and Scarlett Johannsson do n't have a lot more to do . It 's pretty disappointing , I must say . Ian McShane 's role is just an expanded cameo appearance . < br /><br />The first thing that occurred to me was " I wonder how much the BBC had to pay Woody Allen to dislodge him from Manhatttan ? " He must 've needed the money , and they must have needed his appeal to expand their audience beyond the youth market drawn to the two stars . I 'm giving this movie 4 stars instead of 3 because it is unbothersome background noise . If you ever want something to have on while you 're knitting or sorting your stamp collection , this'll do the job . I would n't pay to rent it again .
0 Err ... this movie sucked . A LOT.<br /><br />I have been reading some of the other reviews . Apparently there are a lot of people that think that anything Woody Allen writes or stars in is automatically good ... <br /><br />I have watched several of his films , in the vain hope that I 'm missing something . But no , they just suck . Poorly written trash . The characters are all very stereotypical ( not to mention rather stupid ) . The plot is ... I think it is supposed to be mysterious . Not sure on that . Mr. Allen 's character is ... Woody Allen , on any other film you have seen of his.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Woody Allen , go see this film . If you are under 50 , do n't bother . ( If you are a fan of Woody Allen AND you are under 50 ... well , you are atypical . I do n't know what to say . )
0 This is a poor film by any standard . The story in Match Point had a certain intrigue , and the direction and writing a certain fascination ( Woody Allen mixing his own culture with that of the classic English murder and exploring what can be done with it).<br /><br />Scoop , however has none of this . It is poorly written , the two leads are hopelessly wooden and the story itself has no interest at all . The genre that it spoofs requires at least some sort of subplot with witty explanations and tie - ups ( why are tarot cards and keys kept under French horns in locked rooms?).<br /><br />Allen 's delightful and witty versions of various Hollywood genres ( Curse of the Jade Scorpion / Purple Rose of Cairo etc ) have given us so much pleasure over the years . Even Hollywood Ending had a great central idea . Sadly his inspiration has deserted him this time .
0 The movie seems disjointed and overall , poorly written . The screenplay moves along as if 10 different people wrote it , and none of them were communicating with each other . Apparently they wanted to take a page from a Miracle on 34th Street ( the original ) type film , but it is done in such a poor way that the movie falls apart . This film is for only the very young , and even THEY will see the fact that whoever scripted it knows little to nothing about baseball . Such as : < br /><br /> When the Angels are in dead last place , the owner does n't seem to care , nor is he bothered by the fact his manager just got into a fight with his pitcher  ON THE MOUND  or that he PUNCHED the team 's play by play announcer on live TV . However , when the team is one game from winning the Division , he gets bent out of shape over a story ( sourced by a 6 year old ) that the manager is getting help from a kid who claims to see real angels . What sounds worse ? A losing violent out of control manager whose team has lost 15 in a row ? Or a winning coach on the verge of the playoffs that is acting a bit eccentric and is helping foster kids ? The owner 's reaction makes no sense . And he 's moved to change his mind by Maggie and her ' straight out of cliché land ' speech during a news conference.<br /><br /> The Angels are supposed to be playing for the Division in the final weekend series against the White Sox , however at the end of the game the announcer 's keep saying the Angels ' won the pennant " . The pennant is not decided until someone wins the LEAGUE championship , not the regular season division title.<br /><br /> Whitt Bass , the goofball pitcher is the starting pitcher and wins the game that breaks the Angels losing streak  then is the starting pitcher  THE VERY NEXT DAY.<br /><br /> Mel Clark ( Tony Danza ) is said in the ninth inning to have thrown 156 pitches , in a low - scoring ballgame . Typically in low scoring games , the pitch count is MUCH lower than this , usually around 80 - 90 pitches.<br /><br /> " AL " the angel says at the end " Championships have to be won on their own " , even though he and his angels have been manipulating and fixing games throughout the whole second half of the season.<br /><br />I could go on and on , as there are MANY other examples where the story is poorly written.<br /><br />For younger kids ( under 10 ) , this movie may be entertaining . It 's too bad  done right this could have been a classic . Done wrong like this and it 's a forgettable mess that will forever live as a UHF / cable Saturday Morning washout .
0 I know that actors and actresses like to try different kinds of movies - hey , no one wants to get typecast - but Danny Glover , Brenda Fricker ( happy birthday , Brenda ! ) and Christopher Lloyd should have known better than this . " Angels in the Outfield " is another movie in which everything seems lost until someone or something magically comes and saves the day . Do I even need to tell you how it ends ? The movie is just plain lowly escapism ( examples of high escapism are the various sci - fi movies from the ' 50s ) . If these movies had some political undertone - or at least offered us a new look at life - then they would be OK ; this one is just pointless . Far closer to diabolical than angelic . Also starring Tony Danza , Adrien Brody and Matthew McConaughey , and I suspect that they do n't wish to stress this in their resumes .
0 Warning ! Spoilers!<br /><br />This is your typical disney film.<br /><br />1.Policticly correct what with the foster home that has an even divison of races.<br /><br />2.Insults the viewers intellect with its simplistic lines.<br /><br />3.The boy 's slezy father is almost directly taken from the Never Ending Story 2.<br /><br />4.In a world full of crime , disase , corruption , starvation and other proplems that need to be taken care of , only a losing team is worthy of divine intervention . UGHHHH!!!<br /><br />5.Did you know that angels do n't like swearing ? ! Where the heck did that come from!<br /><br />6.In helping the team , the angel cause pain and humilation on the opposing team . Very angelic indeed!<br /><br />7.The team the angels are helping are called ... can you guess ... THE ANGELS ! Disney at its worst!<br /><br />8."Just got his training wings . " Brillent line!<br /><br />My conculsion : I did not like it at all .
0 Naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task , candidates being so abundant , but Nemesis 2 has been my personal favorite ever since I saw it . It was so funny we had to rent it again the next day , and again I laughed so hard I was literally rolling on the floor . ( This usually only happens when I see Monty Python 's " Scott of the Antarctic".)<br /><br />Throughout the whole movie , an overwhelming what - the - heck - feeling firmly grasps the viewer . I 'm utterly confounded that this clumsy home video ever made it to production stage . It 's supposed to be a sequel , yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film . The hero has the same name , but this time " Alex " is female , although it took us half way into the movie to stop guessing , what with all the muscles and the barbarian - nomad outfit!<br /><br />There is really no plot at all , it 's merely a prolonged chase scene , only it 's so slow - paced and senseless that calling it a chase scene makes it sound way more interesting than it really is . There is almost no dialogue , which is just as well considering the quality of it , and then the film suddenly just comes to an abrupt end after a blatant action scene with lots of gasoline explosions , without ever really explaining what it was all about . Luckily , it never gets boring , because there 's something silly and phony going on at all times!<br /><br />Terrible movies are usually just tedious , but Nemesis 2 is such a perfect mixture of over - seriousness and utter nonintentional wackiness that it 's truly entertaining . Rent this film , or buy it even , you wo n't be disappointed !
0 I saw this movie in a theater in Chicago and should have enjoyed it , since I love Nemesis   but if the first half an hour is skillfully done , the rest is just sub - Predator video fodder , a long chase through those post - modern empty factories Pyun affectionnates . My girlfriend fell asleep . I still like Pyun though , but not this
0 And that is the only reason I posses this DVD . Now I have n't seen the first Nemesis film , but I did check the info out of it and I here by say : What ? Why ? Because in the first film Alex was male . But then again the first one was set in the future , so maybe this Alex is brand new one and the scientist just happened to make Alex female this time . Who knows , at least it was n't addressed in the film in any way.<br /><br />Here 's a quick summary of the plot : Alex , still a baby then ( or how ever you want , as it was , is , in the future ) escapes with her mom using a special time vessel and ends up in the 80 's Africa . There mommy gets killed and Alex ( Sue Price ) grows up in a African tribe . Then the tribe gets slaughtered by a cyborg from the future and Alex then runs and hides and finally she kills the cyborg . So there . Does sound familiar , does n't it?.<br /><br />Terminator is n't the only film being ripped here , Predator gets its fair share too and I think the first Fly movie , the Vincent Price one , gets special nomination for giving a solid base to build up your cyborgs head from.<br /><br />Lets see , what else ? Okay , the film was quite standard small budget flick , but it did have bad special effects for a mid 90 's film . It would have looked okay for a 80 's flick how ever . Biggest problem is the plot . Things just happen and the viewer is barely interested . Nemesis 2 is n't the crappiest piece of cinema I 've had pleasure ( ? ) to watch but it does come damn close.<br /><br />I wo n't say a thing about acting , because let 's be honest here : did anyone expect Oscar worthy performances here ? Oh well ... at least I did find Sue Price hot in that amazonian warrior way.<br /><br />A " real " movie rating : 2/10 There is n't a lot of pros about the over all quality . And despite of the very basic plot the film it self makes very little sense.<br /><br />A camp movie rating : 4/10 I did get occasional laughs from the sheer badness of the film , so it does have small merits in it .
0 Years have past since Alex Rain ( played by Olivier Gruner in the first movie ) stumbled onto the horrific plot that involved replacing humans with machines however since then a war between cyborgs and humans has emerged and we lost , now a superwoman of sorts who is the daughter of Olivier Gruner 's character ( She also inherits only half of his minimal acting ability ) which I think is the films minimal connection to the first , however when the superwoman is created she hides in 1980 while a bounty hunter from the future hunts her down in this confusing sci - fi clunker . Nemesis became a cult hit , that I can see why people liked even though I was no fan of said film . Nemesis tried very ambitiously to come up with different ideas , develop a beautiful look and provide tons of action , it almost worked . Nemesis 2 does n't even have that ambition , it 's a cheap rip off of The Terminator with a muscled female who is so low on acting ability she makes Olivier Gruner seem like a master thespian and the action sequences lack the explosive scope that was the main selling point of the original . I 'll admit I was no fan of the original but it deserved a better follow up than this . The original also featured a good cast like Tim Thomerson , Cary Hiroyuki Tagawa , Thom Mathews , Brion James , Thomas Jane and yes Jackie Earle Haley this one features nobody and this time it 's just a dull movie with a pretentious vibe . In fact after I saw this , it inspired to add a half star to the original.<br /><br / > * out of 4-(Bad )
0 If this is the first of the " Nemesis " films that you have seen , then I strongly urge you to proceed no further . The sequels to " Nebula " prove to be no better ... hard to believe considering this entry is bottom - of - the - barrel . This movie tries , but it 's just not worth your time , folks . Take a nap instead .
0 I really wanted to love this show . I truly , honestly did.<br /><br />For the first time , gay viewers get their own version of the " The Bachelor " . With the help of his obligatory " hag " Andra , James , a good looking , well - to - do thirty - something has the chance of love with 15 suitors ( or " mates " as they are referred to in the show ) . The only problem is half of them are straight and James does n't know this . If James picks a gay one , they get a trip to New Zealand , and If he picks a straight one , straight guy gets $ 25,000 . How can this not be fun ? ! Take my hand , lets stroll : < br /><br />The most glaring problem with this show is the bachelor himself . James is your typical young and successful gay guy with a nice smile and body , the one you 'd probably give two glances towards at your local bar before grazing for greener pastures . Why they chose to cast James as the leading man is beyond me . God knows there 's so many other hotter and vivacious homosexual men out there dying to be on TV.<br /><br />Aside from his rather average physical appearance , James is about as interesting and exciting as a piece of chalk . Even as such , he has this arrogant , smugly condescending aura about him . However , if James were standing up against a blank , white wall he 'd meld right into in it . I honestly ca n't recall a single interesting or noteworthy thing James said during the course of the show . He is THAT boring and forgettable . In fact , one of the mates flat out advised him he was n't feeling a connection . I thought that was the best part of the show . Also , James speaks with an excruciatingly annoying lilt . Sound feminine or sound masculine , but do n't * * * * ing segue tones in the middle of sentences ... so painful to sit through . I hated him so much all throughout the show I kept thinking , " Please choose a straight guy and humiliate yourself and your unfortunate looking hag" < br /><br />Then we have the suitors . A remarkably bland bunch of men who do n't seem to care either way what is happening . Equally vapid , they seem to be indistinguishable from one guy to the next except , " Hey that guy has blond highlights or oh that one has curly hair " Again , astoundingly inept casting decisions seem to be the aim of this show . While it may be hackneyed to type cast roles , it would 've been a lot more entertaining to watch than these amorphous drones . However , in all their banality they still manage to upstage James ( which is n't all that hard to do anyway ) , slightly that is . You know you have a problem when some of the suitors are actually hotter and more interesting than the leading man . And the fact that the suitors seem to have more fun around EACH OTHER than with the leading man ? Very sad.<br /><br />Also , I just thought that I d point something mentioned on the message boards which I felt was actually true : the straight men are all hotter than the gay guys . < br /><br />Don't get me wrong , I m not saying all the gay guys were ugly and boring , as a matter of fact I found some of them very cute . It 's just that overall they were just BLAH compared to the men you 'd see on shows like A Shot At Love with Tila Tequila or The Bachelorette.<br /><br />I do n't know how many times I hit fast forward during this show . I can accept a lead character as interesting as a cardboard box , I can accept the mundane , apathetic suitors but PLEASE for the love of God entertain me just a little . No such luck.<br /><br />If you 're expecting drama , intrigue , sexiness , or excitement you will be SEVERELY disappointed . The biggest " drama " comes from the fact that one of the suitors still may have a boyfriend in New York ( How scandalous ! ) . As titillating as that may be I guarantee you , that is the ONLY thing that remotely resembles any conflict on this show.<br /><br />Sure there is the twist , but if you have any semblance of Gaydar in you , you 'll easily discern who 's who ( it was n't hard at all , I was only wrong once . ) This show is stacking so much of its chips on the twist that it fails to deliver anywhere else.<br /><br />We get to watch as James & Co plod along such exciting activities such as learning how to Western step dance , shopping for gifts , visiting a petting zoo , and gay karaoke . YAWN . Sure you have the occasional topless dancing but who cares when everyone is boring anyway . That 's one of main problems with the show : NO ONE seems to be enjoying themselves -- they are there just going through the motion trying mightily hard to appear to have a good time . And you really ca nt blame them since the events are all wildly unimaginative and lame.<br /><br />Finally , the physical aspect is not there . There 's no cuddling , no caressing , no kissing ( ! ) , no endearment of any sort . It 's just " Ok that was a boring date , I m gon na go back to my ugly , tacky wanna - be Sydney Operahouse dwelling ( quick peck on the lips ) CYA . " This show is so * * * * ing prudish it 's ridiculous . I can understand them not wanting to play up the perceived indiscretionary nature of homosexual men , but come the * * * * on . People who watch reality TV shows are gon na want more than standoffish hugs and curt kisses . This show refuses to compromise.<br /><br />Sorry if this was long winded but I felt these were issues that needed to be addressed . I do commend Bravo for first putting up a show of this nature , but the staggeringly incompetent manner in which this show was handled is mind boggling . To summarize my three points : Boring + Boring + Boring = go do something else . You 'll have more fun waiting at a doctor 's office for an appointment , at least they have interesting magazines there .
0 The recent boom of dating show on U. S. television screens has reached a fevered pitch since the first episode of " The Bachelor . " Unsuspecting audiences have since been subjected to countless clones and variations , including " The Bachelorette " , " Joe Millionaire " , " For Love Or Money " , and the execrable " Married By America . " Hoping to cash in on this trend , and simultaneously tap and exploit a new demographic , Bravo has unleashed the disastrous " Boy Meets Boy " upon the world . And may they have mercy on us all.<br /><br />The premise is simple and is designed to be light - hearted : an eligible gay man is courted by a number of suitors , eliminated show by show until one is left , but there 's a twist . Half of the men are actually straight . This is not much of a big deal , but the inherent viciousness of the scenario kicks in after hearing the pay - off : if , at the end of the show , the gay man picks a straight man in disguise , the straight man wins a cash prize . The gay man gets nothing , or at least nothing more than a few parting gifts , a pat on the back , and a hearty round of " Are n't you embarrassed ? Well , thanks for playing!" < br /><br />Just the like the equally painful " Queer Eye For The Straight Guy " ( another Bravo program ) , this show is another example of stereotypes run amok . What makes it even worse , though , is the fact that straight men are playing UP these stereotypes for cash . The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man 's hair , dress up in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals , strip him of all body hair and fat and voila ! It 's the gay equivalent to putting a white performer in blackface , and just as offensive to those of us -- like myself -- who are genuinely gay and do n't dress / act like that . It implies that gays have no variance or chance for individuality , that they ca n't behave like real people , only like stereotypes . Never mind the fact that the bank of suitors is sorely lacking in any kind of diversity . All are gym - toned , most are white , and all look far too scrubbed and cleaned.<br /><br />This is another example of how , instead of fostering acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of variance and change , Hollywood has again taken a stereotype and run with it all the way to the bank . I feel genuinely dirty watching this show , as show any gay man who sees this unabashed parade of soft - core pornography masquerading as legitimate television . 1 out of 10 .
0 The Nutcracker has always been a somewhat problematic ballet . It bears little resemblance to ETA Hoffman 's original story on which it is based.<br /><br />In the ballet , the story is essentially over by the second - half when Clara ( or Marie in this version ) travels to the Kingdom of Sweets to watch a series of character dances.<br /><br />There 's an infinite variety of stage productions that re - interpret the story in myriad ways ( not always successfully ) to compensate for the ballet 's weak libretto.<br /><br />Balanchine 's version does n't really have any sense of drama or story at all ( despite the fact that there is plenty of drama and mystery in Tchaikovsky 's wonderful first - act music ) . The result is a completely forgettable first - half Christmas party where hardly anything happens and where even the dancing ( the little that there is of it ) is n't particularly memorable.<br /><br />The pantomime over - acting , particularly of Drosselmeier , which might look passable on the stage , just looks silly filmed for the big screen.<br /><br />Unfortunately , things are n't much better when we get to the Kingdom of Sweets ( Act II in the stage version ) . Although there are a few choreographic highlights , most of the choreography is bland and uninspiring . This certainly is n't vintage Balanchine.<br /><br />Balanchine is widely regarded as a master of abstract dance , but I have always felt he was less successful as a creator of narrative ballets . Watching this film version of his stage production of The Nutcracker has only re - affirmed this view .
0 I have seen many , many productions of The Nutcracker . Now perhaps I viewed this movie from the tainted point of view of a theatrical director , but I was disappointed . I 'm sure people in the specific business of ballet choreography find this production impressive but from a purely theatrical perspective I found everything from design to choreography to be lackluster and unbefitting of a " motion picture " . None of the traditionally " weird " and impressive costumes looked like what they were supposed to be ( i.e. the candies did n't look like candies , the rats did n't look like rats but rather like chocolate kisses , ) the acting was weak , perhaps toned down too much for the screen , and the choreography just did n't do anything for me . This makes the entire show very satisfactory ( at best ) , as if it were intended to not set itself apart from any other production . But remember , again , this is from the artistic perspective of a theatrical director , not a dancer or a choreographer , but a straight male theatrical director .
0 I can not vote on this because I would n't watch garbage from these people . They got my money with another movie ( Mr. Jingles ) and I swore it would never happen again . I feel it 's my civic duty to help people stay away from this trash . Go to the forums on this film and read where cast members try to act like they are seeing the movie for the first time . One guy even responds to himself ... using the same name ! There are shills in the forum that say it 's as good as Shawshank Redemption and Citizen Kane ... Not even close ( by no means ) . If this is the company 's 2nd movie , it should be better than the first . That means the 3rd movie should be a lot better . Not so , I 've seen it . All I want to know is how you distribute this trash using the same names all the time . Having fun with friends and making a movie over the weekend is fine ... but do n't try to market that trash !
0 I do n't really post comments , but wanted to make sure to warn people off this film . It 's an unfinished student film with no redeeming features whatsoever . On a technical level , it 's completely amateur - constant unintentional jump edits within scenes , dubbing wildly off , etc . The plot is completely clichéd , the structure is laughable , and the acting is embarrassing . I do n't want to be too harsh : I 've made my share of student films , and they were all awful , but there 's no reason for this film to be out in the world where innocent fans will have to see it.<br /><br />Safe assumption that - much like the cast - positive comments are filmmakers , friends , and family .
0 THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS.<br /><br />I have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is . And being French , it tries for depth by being enigmatic   nothing really makes any sense.<br /><br />Léo is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is HIV positive . The youngest brother , Marcel , has not yet come down to breakfast , and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 years of age he is too young to be told . Maybe if he was four or five , but twelve ? The first totally unbelievable thing is that the family does n't even ask where or how he got the virus , how long he has known about it   nothing is asked . They only worry about Marcel finding out . This is a very close knit provincial family , but although they decide not to let Marcel know about Léo 's HIV positive status nor the fact of his being gay , the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no questions or reactions . How many families do you know where the parents / brothers would n't have at least SOME reaction to one of the members announcing that he is gay ? Here , nothing.<br /><br />Léo decides that he needs to go to Paris to see his ex - lover . And he decides to go on the trip with , of all people , Marcel . Do you know anyone who would bring his little brother along to go see a lover ? Again , totally unbelievable , especially since Marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality . If this is the way the family has decided to let him find out , it is rather brutal and again unbelievable.<br /><br />Léo goes to find his lover , Aymeric , at his work in a Paris bar . The owner says that Aymeric will not be there until the early evening . But why would Léo want to see him at work ? Why not phone and arrange to see him in some place more private where they can really talk ? Why not go and see him at his home ? But no , Léo shows up later in the day ( with Marcel in tow ) and is surprised when Aymeric does n't just drop everything to go walk with him for 5 minutes . Aymeric tells him that he is no longer available , that it was Léo who left him , and that Léo had n't replied to any of his letters . Léo says " But I love you " and then wanders off . But if he really loved Aymeric , would n't he have at least told him about his HIV status , to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication ? This would be the least he could do  but not a peep . He leaves and does n't even warn Aymeric that he might have contracted the AIDS virus . This is totally irresponsible of him  and of the film - makers ; this film was apparently made for a French TV series for young people  it is the perfect way to show kids how to be responsible . Well , not here   I guess " Every man for himself " is still the French way of doing things   Another aspect of the film which was totally unbelievable was the " touchy - feely " aspect . Everyone is always leaning against someone , caressing someone or kissing someone . Inside the family and outside the family . I have never seen anyone in France be THIS physical , never mind an entire family . Seated at the breakfast table , one 17 year old brother has his leg perched on the lap of his elder brother , and the elder brother is caressing his leg as everyone sits around discussing something . How many brothers do you know who are THAT physically close ? In another scene , the same 17 year old comes into Marcel 's room asking " What 's the matter , ca n't you sleep ? " , then takes off his clothes and , completely naked , gets into bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as if they were lovers . This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave a somewhat incestuous feel to the film . Sorry , again I do n't believe that this is regular behaviour between teenage brothers.<br /><br />The only good thing I can say about the film is that the actors are all quite fine   especially Marcel in the main role . But it was n't really enough   HIV and AIDS are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light . At the end of the film , the family has gone to the cemetery to bury Léo , but once again , Marcel has been left out of it  he has been left in the care of a cousin ( I think ) . Nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar . Is this what such a close - knit family would have done ? It is totally inconceivable that they would not have included him in his brother 's funeral . It was the last scene of the film , and it was the last straw for this viewer .
0 There is a lot to like here . The actors are first rate and the script provides good dialog best capturing the ambiance of a tightly knit , likable family . However , for that reason the film does not ring true . We see Leo , who apparently just learned of his HIV positive diagnosis , essentially react in a way that is not in tune to the supportive atmosphere for which he finds himself . As well , the film ends somewhat abruptly avoiding what Leo , his brother and the rest of this close family must have dealt with in light of their love for him . The young actor who plays Leo 's brother , Marcel , is impressive as generally is the rest of the cast . Unfortunately , the scriptwriters could not decide onwhether they wanted an insightful dissertation on the effects of HIV on a functional , appealing family or what the devastation HIV is on the victim - so it only hints at both . While this film provides food for thought it leaves the viewer wanting much more than it delivers .
0 I must be that one guy in America that did n't like this movie . I guess this just was n't my style or something , I just do n't see what 's so fascinating about it , this was * barely entertaining , let alone one of the greatest achievements in cinema history . < br /><br />It 's about a guy that came from nothing , and goes on to become a drug lord . Pretty simple way to describe an entire movie , and that 's exactly my feeling about the entire movie . Contrary to what a lot of people think , just because a movie is about mafias / drug trade / criminal groups does n't automatically make it a great movie , do n't forget good storytelling .
0 This is not really a proper review since I did not see most of the film . I stopped watching it . The film is very violent , with nasty drug dealers and street punks , but that is not why I stopped watching.<br /><br />Here was the problem : I watched just enough to be introduced to several characters , all of whom were not interesting . Everyone was a tedious , despicable psychopath , with no engaging personalities , giving me nothing to look forward to . I found myself not the least bit curious about what they would do next or what might happen to them.<br /><br />If there had been even one person of interest , and I do n't mean good or nice person , I mean an interesting person , I could have stayed with it . Watch " State of Grace " to see what I mean . In that film the Gary Oldman character is a complete lunatic , but he is * very * interesting . Al Pacino perhaps did a good job in Scarface , but his character just did not engage me .
0 Spoken like a true hard - boiled u'an gangsta . The story is no worse than any number of gangster flicks , but never ever confuse this movie with The Godfather I or II , or Goodfellas . It is not in the same league.<br /><br />But what makes the film periodically painful to watch is all these Italian Americans swaggering around dropping bad gangsta lines in an even worse fake u'an accent . Pacino would have been great if they could just have dubbed him . I was looking forward to see Abrahams and Loggia , but their steenky accents spoiled the fun.<br /><br />Ah well , the script ai n't too hot either . Don Corleone would have made this disappear five minutes after meeting him , smiling and patting him on the back all the while .
0 It is nice to see the likes of Oliver Stone , Brian DePalma , Al Pacino , and even Michelle Pfiefer make one monumental piece of cinematic garbage . It is nice to see people so rich and ' successful ' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable , trite , and pathetic pieces of film - making of all time . This movie represents the worst of Hollywood.<br /><br />What is this ? Is it based on a true story . Well , they do start with some basic news bites and facts that they read off USA today . But then the movie departs to some fantasy world and a ' cuban ' refugee going to make it in the American drug subculture ; kind of like Rocky on cocaine . Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans ? For the life of me I do n't believe there is a single Cuban in this movie . The accents are totally fake , and scene with Antonio 's mother looks like a poster for midwest American values . The whole scene looks like something out of the Dick Van Dyke show . Is this movie about Miami ? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida . Afterall , a palm tree is a palm tree . Is this a romance novel . The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo , and there is not one shred of possibility that these two characters could ever care for each other . Is this a drug movie ? Well , no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned . The behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water . Admittedly , the acting is terrible.<br /><br />Let 's get to the rest . The music is disgusting and sounds like latin elevator music or something out of a Lawrence Welk show . I think I heard a polka ? The camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective . Clearly , the photography budget was excessive . The sound is bleached in a number of spots , and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse . The writing is appalling . This is one of those movies were the script writes itself . You are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next , each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks.<br /><br />So I am going to ask , Is this even a movie ? It could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours . But at least a drama series has some kind of focus . Maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together . Whatever it is , movie or not , it is a piece of crap .
0 It was n't the most pointless animation film experience ever , but it certainly ca n't be admired as much as it tries to be good . Combining Dreamworks animation and computer graphics , this is the story of a mustang , later named Spirit ( Matt Damon , providing the first person narration ) , and his journey through across the frontiers of the Old West . Basically he is born free amongst all the other horses in the beautiful countryside , then he is kidnapped to be used as a saddle horse , he manages to throw off all who try to ride him . However when he escapes his cage , along with Little Creek ( Daniel Studi ) , the two of them form a friendship , oh , and he obviously has a thing for Little Creek 's female horse . In the end , after a few more escapes , being chased by The Colonel ( James Cromwell ) and his men , and making a final big leap across a gorge , Little Creek lets Spirit go , and he also releases his female horse , and they run home to their countryside and fellow horses . Also starring Chopper Bernet as Sgt . Adams , Jeff LeBeau as Murphy / Railroad Foreman , John Rubano as Soldier , Richard McGonagle as Bill and Matthew Levin as Joe . I was expecting to see the horses talk in this film , but it turns out to be more like a Dumbo thing throughout , and the songs by Bryan Adams are n't the most engaging , but it is n't a terrible film . It was nominated the Oscar for Best Animated Feature , and it was nominated the Golden Globe for Best Song for Bryan Adams ' " Here I Am " . Okay !
0 Here 's the good news first . " Spirit " is the most visually incredible animated film in current home theater release . The artwork and effects are revolutionary , and I recommend that you give this movie a look by virtue of the visuals alone.<br /><br />And now for the bad news . I really mean it when I say that the animation is the only thing this movie has going for it . You may remember that " Spirit " got badly trounced by " Lilo and Stitch " last summer . The first person who argues that it was because Disney is more well - established and had better advertising can write me a four page long essay entitled " Why ' Lilo and Stitch ' 's Script Did n't Stink".<br /><br />For all the incredible new animation technology on display in " Spirit " , the story is almost * astonishingly * dull . There is a lesson here , and ( needless to say ) it does n't just apply to animated movies . You can have the most mind - blowing visual effects ever to grace the eyes of a mortal , but if your story is boring and , more importantly , we do n't care about your characters , it 's bad film - making . Simple as that . The animation is still mind - blowing ; I just ca n't wait to see what somebody with more imagination does with it .
0 ( Some possible spoilers)<br /><br / > I 'm not too sure what Dreamworks was thinking when they decided to plunk $ 80 million down on this extremely tired and lame animated flick . They probably thought the spectacular animation would be more than enough to bring audiences ( mostly families ) to see it in droves . Well it seemed to work for the opening weekend , it made $ 26 mil . , roughly and has made $ 38.1 mil . total ( an estimation for this weekend ) . But I think audiences that came during the weekend saw pretty much the same thing I did , when I saw and they spread the word . This is one majorly lame movie , apart from the animation everything else , mostly the script seem to be done by a three year old.<br /><br / > The movie is only about 80 mins . long , but it feels like a three hour epic . A few sticking points for me are , well the irritating narration is one of them , and it 's so obviously written . At one point he escapes from some captors and even though you can see the horse is obviously scared , up pops the narrator ( the voice of the talented Matt Damon ) to clear up any misconceptions ( which would only happen in the simplest of mindsets.<br /><br / > Another one is the constant pop up of Bryan Adams songs , now I 'm a fan of his music , I think he 's good , but come on did Dreamworks really think audiences would be able to handle 8 - 9 of his songs throughout such a short movie , I certainly could n't . Finally and here 's a spoiler , a horse gets shot at point blank range by a member of the calvary , no less , she ( the horse ) then falls into a raging river , Spirit ( the focus of the movie ) tries to save her , but they both go over a waterfall that must have at least a 50 foot drop , well later in the movie near the end we see that this horse is alive and well . Now I know this is a kids movie , but even that little amount of realism is unacceptable.<br /><br / > To sum up , this is a really lame movie , I 'm not saying kids wo n't enjoy it , but anyone else will be checking their watches just waiting for this tripe to end . Definitely on my Top 10 worst list of this year . - * * out of 4 stars.<br /><br / >
0 For anyone that loves predictable movies with an awful soundtrack , lack of dialogue , clichés up the wazoo , and also stereotypes that just happens to be typical of an American film , look no farther . DreamWorks whether wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent , or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic ; either way , they succeeded in delivering a rather bland and boring movie . Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a bore fest that sends mixed signals to kids and adults , and also fails to entertain despite the oh - so - cutesy theme of animals triumphing over humans . After looking past the wonderful animations , what you have remaining is nothing but a big mess.<br /><br />Spirit is about a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like quite a handful , as he is a horse that can not be tamed , calmed , nor controlled . Because of this , he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high - spirited horses , which includes his mom . But , his life of freedom and running around comes to an abrupt halt as he is captured by a group of Americans in the process of connecting the Wild West with the rest of the country . During this , Spirit ( never actually named that throughout the entire film almost ) befriends a courageous Native American , and a fellow female horse , and also has a lot of run - ins with the cynical and cruel Army folks that apparently do n't believe in giving up.<br /><br />Why must movies mix computer animation with traditional ? It comes off looking rather meshed , something Spirited Away suffered from as well . Best example is when a train is chasing after Spirit ; you see the hand - drawn Spirit running from a computer - animated train . It would look much better if it were one or the other , but not both ; unless you can really pull off some nice effects . Beauty and The Beast 's famous dance sequence uses computer animation , but it is nowhere near as obvious as the train or the snow in this movie . The opening sequence was the best - looking part of the film , kind of sad to see the rest of the movie slide a bit downhill in terms of quality . A little scene has multiple ; I mean multiple similar shots of just a general 's face , quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion.<br /><br />The kids might enjoy this flick , but with lack of dialog , song , and motivation , it might be a perfect technique in making hyper children fall asleep . While Disney becomes criticized for its animated musicals , they wind up becoming much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this one . Bryan Adams has no place in this movie , and why does Hans Zimmer stay away from using a Western theme in this movie , when it is a story taking place in the Old West ? Soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me . At least they are using realistic noises of horses , two points for that . Yet , if you are going to refrain from making horses talk , why even have a narrator interrupt every so often , which just so happens to be the main character himself?<br /><br />Native Americans are nice , and the Western folks are evil , Native - killing , horse torturing , rowdy , psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed . More or less , this is what Spirit is showing us . It reaches a point in which they are trying so hard for the viewers to hate the travelers of the Wild West ; they even had a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill , and another scene of them destroying an entire village of Natives . Now , the person Spirit befriended happened to betray him , on more than one occasion , yet that is forgivable , apparently because he is not a soldier ; that or because he has the sassy female horse.<br /><br />Spirit is n't exactly a victim we should feel sorry for ; the viewer is supposed to sympathize with Spirit despite him putting his entire group of horses at risk , wreaking havoc , and even perhaps resulting in some off - screen deaths that are quickly shoved aside because oh no , Spirit is in trouble ! This film gets quite rhythmic , as we see in multiple instances Spirit escaping from chains , kicking people around , destroying property , freeing horses , and then getting captured again --- all in this same order too . The writers also seem to have an obsession with cliffs because they are sprinkled all over the movie ; for an Old West film , they certainly have very little room to roam.<br /><br />Bottom Line : This is most certainly no Disney movie , as a matter of fact that is a bad thing , even though it was what they were aiming for . So , instead of the typical musical , we get a boring film that becomes predictable , dull and slow in multiple instances . Even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work gets thrown in . Everything about this movie was just wrong ; from the ideals that back then Americans that were not native were evil buffoons , to the soundtrack and musical score that just seemed so far off . Kill Bill Vol . 2 , which pretty much has nothing to do with the Old West , has more of a Western feel than this movie . Do yourselves a favor and totally skip this by all means necessary . Thank you .
0 Even though an animated film it really bored everyone under at least 6.<br /><br />As a grown up who grew up in an area with wild horses and native americans , it felt this was a combination of PC mixed in with too many fantasy films created by people who never lived in the area they filmed about . Talk to those who have lived on horse back , most treat their animals like family members , regardless of background . Regardless of background we have dealt with good and bad breakers of wild horses . I had to explain that was a real life issues to us vs the movie makers views to children who were surprised to see how PC showed a world different than what they knew in reality.<br /><br />This dreamworks break from the normal disney or dreamworks fare of cute talking animals burning up the screen was nice from the older viewer point of view . But if you live in an area similar to what is shown , you may end up answering questions .
0 Decent animation and some workable character development keep this animated horse fable from DreamWorks at least watchable ... however it remains somewhat slow paced and the storyline is a bit on the silly side .. It is interesting to see a reversal of the typical cowboys and indian roles , but here it just seems like a nod to political correctness rather than a proper storyline decision . GRADE : C
0 Flat , soulless computer images on less than astonishing backgrounds animates a horribly predictable story in this film . Absolutely nothing takes you by surprise , you can even tell when the Bryan Adams vocals are going to come in , which are always at the wrong time.<br /><br />The main character , Spirit the horse , is given an annoying voice when he narrates what is happening . The narration is not needed , though , as everything happening is really obvious . You can even tell what the horses are saying , although all they do is neigh . Which would be good , but all the horses make exactly the same sounds - one for warning , one for sorrow , one for laughing , etc . There is no variation between the horses ' voices.<br /><br />Young kids might like this film , though . It 's soppy enough for a family to sit down and watch , and there 's little danger of anyone being frightened . If you have nothing else to do , and want to watch a film with your kids , this is n't a bad choice.<br /><br />But otherwise , this is n't recommended .
0 Believe me , I wanted to like " Spirit " . The idiotic comments people made at the time of its release about how quaint it was to see old - fashioned , hand - drawn animation again , as if the last pencil - animated cartoon had been released twenty years ago , and the even more idiotic comments about how computers had now made the old techniques obsolete , had got my blood up ... but then , the insulting , flavourless banality I had to endure in the first ten minutes of " Spirit " got my blood up even more.<br /><br />The character designs are generic , the animation ( partly as a result ) merely competent , the art direction as a whole so utterly , boringly lacklustre that you wonder how it could have come about ( we know , from " The Prince of Egypt " and " The Road to El - Dorado " , that there are talented artists at Dreamworks ) , and the sophisticated use of CGI is in every single instance ill - judged . ( Why do they bother ? ) There 's not a single thing worth LOOKING at . In an animated cartoon , this is fatal.<br /><br />But it gets worse ... <br /><br />The horses ca n't talk , but they 're far more anthropomorphised and unconvincing than the deer in " Bambi " , which can . And it seems that , in a way , the horses CAN talk . Spirit himself delivers the prologue ( sounding for all the world like a 21st - Century actor picked out of a shopping mall in California ) , and from then on his laid - back , decidedly unhorselike narration is scarcely absent from the soundtrack , although it never once tells us anything that we did n't already know , or expresses a feeling which the artwork , poor though it is , was n't capable of expressing twice as well . That prologue , by the way : ( a ) contains information which Spirit , we later discover , had know way of knowing ; ( b ) expresses ideas which Spirit would lack the power to express even if he COULD talk ; ( c ) includes new age rubbish like , " This story may not be true , but it 's what I remember " ; and ( d ) will give countless children ( the production is pitched , I presume , at six - year - olds ) the impression that horses are native to North America , which is sort of true , in that the common ancestor of domestic horses , zebras etc . WAS native to North America - but all horse species on the continent had gone extinct long before the first humans arrived , and the mustangs of Spirit 's herd ( which allegedly " belong here like the buffalo grass " ) were descended from horses introduced by Europeans.<br /><br />So the prologue rather annoyed me.<br /><br />As often as Spirit talks , Bryan Adams sings , sounding as usual as though he 's got a bad throat infection - and it 's not THAT he sings or even HOW he sings , it 's WHAT he sings : maudlin narrative ballads which contribute even less , if possible , than Spirit 's spoken narrative , and which sound as though they all have exactly the same tune ( although I was paying close attention , and was able to discern that they probably did n't ) . If only Bryan Adams and the guy - pretending - to - be - a - horse could have SHUT UP for a minute or two , the movie might have been allowed to take its true form : mediocre and derivative , rather than jaw - droppingly bad .
0 As other viewers have mentioned , this film was an interesting experiment in photography . The colors are comic book bold . I think the director got carried away with his " artistic vision " over the look of the film instead o badly needed attention to content . Despite its stellar cast , the performances are lackluster and the story nearly incoherent . Madonna was likely cast purely as a stunt to get pre - release press . A good thing as her appearance here lent some credence to her album " I 'm Breathless ( Music inspired by the film Dick Tracy ) " which was a stratospheric hit ( due in large part to the inclusion of dance - hit " Vogue " - which is not in , nor has the slightest relation to this film ) . I 'd guess the major portion of money from this film came from tie - ins to Madonna 's " I 'm Breathless " album.<br /><br />If you watch it at home , by end - titles , you 'll think " there 's two hours out of my life I 'd like to have back . " Save yourself the wasted time - do not bother with this .
0 This film is stale , and misses the mark . It is far off compared to the 89 Batman that it tries to coppy . That women singer what s her name can not act , and we see why her film carrier died . Notice how this film died in the box office no one see this film on tv either . My uncle and dad were expecting Batman , and the films impression is more like Cop Rock . Not worth renting 3/10
0 When people ask me what s the worst movie I 've ever seen its this one . Its not even close to MST3k level riffing , or midnight viewing at a theatre , or even as Disney channel late night filler . The only time I 've ever wanted to jump off a ride at Disney World ( or Disney / MGM Studios in this case ) was to grab Dick Tracey 's jacket off the mannequin , rip it to shreds , and ram it down the tour guides throat saying " Eat this ! Eat this unholy coat of darkness ! ! ! " I 've never been so mad at a movie , not even " Nutty Professor II : The Klumps " or " Flash Gordon " . You want pretty colors and cinematography ? Ai n't here babe . Reviewers keep saying " oh , but its too look like a comic book " , well , to me , its the color of a Gordito after several weeks in the sun . About as enjoyable too . Beatty wanders around this landscape jumping around and talking to his watch , himself , and occasional at the other actors , hoping someone will tell him what time the sequel will begin shooting . To be fair , I have only seen this movie once , but my pain threshold is that of a man , not a God .
0 i just saw Dick Tracy and I thought it was terrible . The paintings in the background of the cities looked awful . Also the mob characters looked too weird . Warren Beatty did n't do an awful job as Dick Tracy but it was definetely not one of his better performances . Madonna should just stick to singing . Glenne Headly did a good job in this movie . I gave this movie a 2/10 just because of the amazing acting by Al Pacino . It was n't a high note in his career but he still did a good job .
0 This has to be one of the worst films of the 1990s . When my friends & I were watching this film ( being the target audience it was aimed at ) we just sat & watched the first half an hour with our jaws touching the floor at how bad it really was . The rest of the time , everyone else in the theatre just started talking to each other , leaving or generally crying into their popcorn that they actually paid money they had earnt working to watch this feeble excuse for a film . It must have looked like a great idea on paper , but on film it looks like no - one in the film has a clue what is going on . Crap acting , crap costumes . I ca n't get across how embarrasing this is to watch . Save yourself an hour & a bit of your life .........
0 Director Warren Beatty 's intention to turn Chester Gould 's famous comic strip into a live - action cartoon ( with Beatty himself cast in the lead as the square - jawed detective ) had sweet overtures of innocent nostalgia -- quite unusual and intriguing coming from Warren Beatty . Unfortunately , the picture is requisite ham , fun for awhile but eventually tiring . Dick Tracy attempts to bring down mobster Big Boy Caprice , aided by loving Tess Trueheart but tripped up by evil Breathless Mahoney . For the first half - hour or so , the Oscar - winning art direction and set design are wonderful to absorb but , as the plot creaks along predictably ( with no real sting in the writing ) , things begin to congeal . Al Pacino got a surprise Supporting Oscar nomination as bad boy Caprice , and Madonna ( who is mostly used as a decorative prop ) gets to sing Stephen Sondheim 's " Sooner or Later ( I Always Get My Man ) " , which copped the award for Best Original Song . Lots of heart , thanks to Beatty -- who was dedicated to his vision -- but the picture is too cool and calculated . It lacks heat . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 There have been many movies featuring Bigfoot , the majority of which are not good but most at least have a goofy charm to them . Sasquatch Hunters does n't even have that going for it . It 's just a crashing bore.<br /><br />Sasquatch Hunters is about a group of paleontologists , primatologists , and forest rangers that venture off into a remote part of a Pacific Northwest forest . Bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since apes are n't natural to North America to begin with this leads to a scientific expedition . Sure enough , they soon discover a whole burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these enormous ape - like creatures . I think we all know what happens to people that disturb ancient burial grounds in the movies.<br /><br />The first half of the movie consists of uninteresting , interchangeable characters assembling their gear , hiking through the woods , stopping to rest , hiking through the woods some more , pausing long enough to investigate and discuss a few findings along the way , yet more hiking through the woods , looking for a group member that has vanished , even more hiking through the woods , digging through dirt , random theorizing , and gathering around a campfire to discuss what little they 've done that day . When Sasquatch finally shows up it just turns into people stumbling around in the dark while being picked off one at a time ( done in a blink and you missed it fashion and the actual killing occurs off - camera ) . All of this is excruciatingly boring.<br /><br />The movie wants to be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to build suspense but there is none to be found , thus we are left with dull , drawn out scenes of people wandering around the woods just to get somewhere and wander around the woods at night trying to act scared . I 'd be lying if I said I did n't make liberal use of the fast forward button to speed these scenes up.<br /><br />As for Sasquatch himself , much like every other character else in the movie , it does n't have much to do and lacks a distinct personality . It looks like a shaggier version of King Kong , which is n't all that bad except in the scenes where they used CGI instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume , which is painfully obvious during the daylight monster scenes . A part of me ca n't help but feel that even using computer effects to bring Bigfoot to life is a tad sacrilegious . If there is any single movie monster that I believe should only be brought to life through situation , it 's Bigfoot.<br /><br />This is one of those movies that does n't so much have a plot as it does a premise . That 's all it really is , a premise , which the people involved stretched out to make a feature length motion picture without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a worthwhile movie .
0 That 's right . A movie written , directed and produced by Fred Tepper and family . ( Fred should have known better , having worked the sets of ' Titantic ' and ' Dogma ' . ) < br /><br />So , the plot . There are some scientists , and some forest rangers , and a hot chick with huge fake breasts . They are all really bad at their jobs , including the hot chick(who I think is supposed to be a photographer , but who cares because she wears a bikini ) . One of the forest rangers comments that the scientists are " professional people , " which is good , because it would be horrible if they were professional grubs or jellybeans or Ewoks.<br /><br />They are hiking through the woods in search of some strange ape - like bones , and no one even once mentions that the bones just might be those of the infamous Bigfoot . They just wander around and one of the rangers unabashedly hits on the hottie . We all hope he dies real soon ( along with his sister who 's meant to be the cute naive one , but is really just annoying ) . Then they , * gasp * , find a Sasqu ... I mean , Ape - like Animal Burial Ground . Of course , no mentions that it might just be Bigfoot bones they 're messing with ... I guess scientists and forest rangers just do n't think about those types of things.<br /><br />Then Sasquatch and his tribe get really angry and kill all the people we dislike , chases the other losers away and buries his Great Aunt Muriel and Cousin Josh ( who died in an unfortunate trout accident ) all over again.<br /><br />Insipid , boring dialogue ( I zoned out several times ) , inane plot , unlikable characters , bad CGI ( a man in a monkey suit would look better ) , and acting that just was n't very good all add up to make a movie I wo n't be watching again.<br /><br />You check it out though ; it 's good for some unintentional laughs .
0 Budget , decent actors ... who knew these things were important . Do n't waste your time on this piece of junk . The effects are crap . The acting is crap . The only thing that could have made this even tolerable was a little cheap T&A and that gets squandered in the first 20 minutes.<br /><br />The only even remotely redeeming quality about this movie is the very awkward profanity . It was like they found the only 7 people on the planet who have never cursed before . Hats off!<br /><br />If you want to see some dude in a bad suit just go back and look at old prom photos . The only way for a Bigfoot flick to be any good is for it to have a big budget and some actors who did n't come from Frogballs Community Theater .
0 i went into watching this movie knowing it was n't going to be great . but what i witnessed was to awful for words . i do n't mean to be harsh , its just the movie was terrible . overall it had bad , i mean AWFUL special effects , the acting was n't too bad , but was n't good either , and sasquatch himself was like .... well , not sasquatch . in my opinion the best sasquatch movie is Harry and the Hendersons . its not violent or horror , but it has the best depiction of sasquatch . at least its a suit and not some half - ass cgi rip - off . only see this movie if you are desperate , or really appreciate anyone in the film . or go watch boondock saints , it is MUCH better .
0 I have always been interested in anything about Bigfoot , so when I was browsing around looking for a movie to rent , this one caught my eye . It was the WORST $ 4.50 I 've ever spent and I want my money back ! Please do n't waste your money on this ! ! This was one of the cheapest movies I 've ever seen . The entire movie was so incredibly boring and I found myself rolling my eyes a lot and I did n't even watch it all the way through . I just got fed up with it . The acting was horrible , the effects were horrible , everything was just really bad and tasteless . It all added up to be a really bad , boring movie and total waste of time and money . I hope that one day they 'll make a good movie about Sasquatch , but until then , I 'll have to sit through countless cheap duds like this one to find the real masterpiece .
0 This is definitely the worst bigfoot movie I 've ever seen and quite possibly the overall worst movie I 've ever seen in my life . The actors and actresses were horrible and it seemed like they were trying way too hard to play their roles as dorks , tough guys , jerks , know it alls , etc . And the bigfoot itself was terrible . It appeared to be some kind of computer generated image from the days of Atari & Intellivision . At one point near the end of the movie as an army of sasquatches were chasing after the remaining survivors , one gets shot and as it 's running it looked like a poor man 's version of donkey kong himself ! And one gets hit by a bullet and the blood that comes out of it was just awful animation . Another thing that was annoying was the music . Way way way too much music ( classical score or whatever you call it ) throughout the entire film . It was never ending . Oh yeah , the movie is boring too . Absolutely one of the worst films I 've ever seen . I highly recommend taking your $ 3 or whatever they charge to rent this movie and spending it on a gallon of gas or a value menu somewhere . TRULY AWFUL !
0 A group of forest rangers and scientists go into the woods to find fossils . They stumble on a Bigfoot burial ground eventually ( the did n't notice it in the dark ) , The scenes of the CGI Bigfoot are horrid , but better than the endless scenes of talking that they rarely punctuate . I used to think that there just might be a good Bigfoot movie to be made . But now after so many sad sad movies about the legend , I 'm having serious doubts . To pour salt in the wound of watching this film , the ONE good - looking girl just does n't get naked once . And while this one MAY be better than " Boggy Creek 2 " ( no mean feat there ) , it 's still sad that the best non - documentary film on Bigfoot remains " Harry and the Henriksons " < br /><br />My Grade : D
0 I got this movie out of Blockbuster in one of those racks were you can get like 5 movies for 20 bucks . I 'd have to say I got my money 's worth on this one . I had expected horrible dialogue , crappy monsters , and shaky cameras . Well , as Meatloaf said , two outta three ai n't bad.<br /><br />The acting is bad , though not as bad as some movies I 've seen . Or maybe I 've watched so many low budget movies recently I 've lost perspective . There are some bits were the acting is downright terrible , but for the most part it 's of at least High School Play level.<br /><br />The CG for the Sasquatch in this movie is probably the second - worst part . The first thing I thought when I saw it ( and I noticed another reviewer agreed with me ) was that a man in an ape suit would have been better . Clunky stop - motion animation would have looked better.<br /><br />So you may be asking why I call the CG the second - worst part . That 's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects . They are loud , annoying , and constant . I 've been camping , I know what insects sound like in the woods at night , and while they can be loud , they 're not deafening like the cacophony in this movie . Usually when the " background " sounds drown out the movie 's dialogue , it 's a bad thing , but from what I caught of the dialogue of this film , I was n't missing much.<br /><br />The action was infrequent and boring . The tension was non - existent , as was any sense of empathy with the characters . Speaking of the characters , they were all cookie - cutter and bland . The only mildly engaging byplay was between ... actually , I ca n't think of anything . There was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile , but that was about it.<br /><br />The cinematography was decent , a step or two above what you 'd normally see in a movie like this . However , it still had that " home movie " quality to it that you get with movies made on pocket change and a prayer . < br /><br />If you 're like me and get a kick out of shoestring budget genre flicks , and you see this one in the dollar bin , think about grabbing it . Otherwise , stay away at all costs .
0 foywonder 's review of this cheap STV hits the nail squarely on the head . Make sure you read it . In case you do n't , a group of scientists heads off into the deep woods of the Pacific Northwest , to fumble around with a bunch of bones in an animal graveyard . The Big Foot family does n't take kindly to this , and proceeds to pick off the team one by one , largely offscreen . Big Foot himself has a distinctly ape - like face , but is less scary overall than Harry from HARRY AND THE HENDERSONS . Most of the movie has the wooden , generic actors pretending to be scientists tromping around in the woods and yakking away . This is a no - budget movie in which very little happens , at least on screen . We do get to watch the sexiest of the females take a shower while one of her male companions watches , but nothing comes of this .
0 This is the biggest piece of lamo I 've ever watched . It is excruciatingly boring I would have rather sat through a seminar on creationism than have watched this if i had known it was going to be as boring as it was . Not even the 40 seconds of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeems this of anything lower than a 1.<br /><br />The reviews of this movie claiming that this movie is " unintentionally funny " are absurd and just plain WRONG . Not one thing is funny about this movie . they spend the first 50 or so minutes walking through the woods talking about stuff you would n't understand nor care about and it is just as lame when the people start dying because you do n't even know who the people are because they are so UNINTERESTING . Honestly though , I did n't watch it to the ending , but that should say something about how horrible it is . WORST MOVIE EVER.<br /><br />Immediately after ejecting this filth from my DVD player I started scraping it against the cement in front of my house , not wanting other blockbuster customers to have to fall upon the same mistake i had made as to rent this movie . Then Zach peed his pants . Thankyou for your time .
0 Oh where to begin . The cinematography was great . When the movie first started because of the initial landscape scenes I thought that I was in for a good movie . Then the cgi Bigfoot showed up .It looked like a cartoon drawing of the Lion king and king Kong 's love child . It totally took away from the believability of the character . Now I knew there was n't a Bigfoot chasing people hiking around the woods for no apparent reason but a cheesy cgi cartoon . So from then on the whole movie was shot for me . The money they flushed down the toilet for the cgi they could of spent on a costume like roger Patterson did . His was the best Bigfoot costume ever no one else could match his . I am a hardcore cheesy Bigfoot movie fan and I was warned about this movie but my compulsion led me to watching this movie and I was disappointed like the previous reviews warned me about . I know after you read this review you will still say " I must watch Sasquatch hunters , must watch Sasquatch hunters . " Then you will say why did I waste my good hard earned money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie !
0 When i first saw this film i thought it was going to be a good sasquatch film . Usually when you have these types of movies there 's generally ONE sasquatch , but in this one there is like what ? 7 or 10 of them ? . Acting was good , plot was OK , i liked the scenes where the sasquatch is killing the first few victims , very good camera work . I was expecting it to be a gory film but it was very little . This movie was way better than Sasquatch . The SCI - FI channel really needs to make more sasquatch films , i mean i really liked Sasquatch Mountain , Abominibal was not good , the one i 'm reviewing is OK , but the movie Sasquatch was not , but I 'm not reviewing that so let me get back on track . This movie is good for a rainy Saterday afternoon , but for any other occasions , no .
0 How did this ever come into existence ? I generally love sci F / Bigfoot whatever films etc . . . but I still expect them to be written without quite so much cheese as this . The effects were sad , the lines were sadder . Avoid at all costs . I only ended up renting it because it was in the wrong case ( I was looking for the Sasquatch film with Lance Henrikson in it -- still have n't seen that one ) . The idea of the film is actually a good one . There was a lot of potential to make a great little movie here . I just do n't understand how something like this ends up like this . Go speak to the film / arts / English interested students in any high school and you 'll find people who can write a better script .
0 It really is that bad of a movie . My buddy rented it because he , well , is an idiot . But then again , I must be an idiot too because I watched the whole damn thing ! The actors were on par with high school drama geeks who think that are going places . The only place they will be going is back to waiting tables at Luby 's . All I could think of while I was watching this " gem " was how it actually got made . I mean , some " screenwriter " actually thought that this premise was fresh , original and lucrative . Then some moron with money believed in the script so much that he decided to fork some cash over with the naive misconception that he was going to make a return on it . Actors were cast , locations were scouted , make - up artists were hired , computer animators fresh out of Al Collins graphic Design School were brought in and this turd started to take form.<br /><br />There obviously were a ton of things that I hated about this move but the one thing the drove me the craziest was the overuse of music . Every single minute of this flick was scored . There was not a single break in music . And at times it was mixed higher than the dialogue , not that it made you miss some vital plot point or anything.<br /><br />After it was over , we decided to watch Mystic River . It was like driving a 1980 VW Diesel Rabbit then switching to a BMW 740il . You could n't get two more opposite movies in terms of quality .
0 I loved this movie , I 'll admit it . This has to be the best ( straight to ? ) video movie I 've seen . Well ... me and my friend decided just for shits n ' giggles that we 'd rent this movie . We knew what to expect and we got exactly what we expected , plus more . When that red neck gets slammed up against the tree by the Sasquatch , we literally watched that part about three to four times , it was that amazing ( hysterically , of course ) . And why ? Oh why does the main character have to roll that much ? Like honestly , we know that you 're in danger , rolling that much is n't gon na help all that much . But really , if this movie is in you 're local video store RENT IT . It is worth the money and it 's not even that bad , like it 's bad , but not incredibly bad . Overall , complete amazing will be in store for you if you rent this movie .
0 As a long - time fan of all the Star Trek series , I found this a disappointing episode , and I wonder if the liberal use of " flashbacks " featuring Will Riker 's exploits , both positive ( and largely romantic ) and negative ( lots of pain , and a crewmate 's death)was a money - saving device , as were many of their " bottle shows " ( episodes in which all scenes take place on the Enterprise ) . Diana Muldaur(who also appeared at least twice on the original series ) deserved a better final appearance than this for her character , Dr. Kate Pulaski . Loyal viewers ( in the Star Trek world , is there any other kind ? ) also were shortchanged . This was the last episode of second season ; thus , the season ended " not with a bang " but with " a whimper . "
0 Because of the 1988 Writers Guild of America strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days . It 's pretty much crap , consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from Season 2 and was described by its writer , Maurice Hurley as " terrible , just terrible . " < br /><br />Why the producers could n't just wait to shoot something decent who knows . I 'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe Roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half - assery . This episode also marks the final appearance of Diana Muldaur ( Dr. Katherine Pulaski ) on the series .
0 I grew up watching and loving TNG . I just recently finished watching the entire series ST Voyager on DVD , which may have heightened my sense of disgust with this episode , as the difference in style and approach between the two shows could n't be more stark . The idea may have been good if used as an opportunity to further expand Riker 's character , which is how it probably would have been treated on VOY . They could have featured memories that would be " new " to the audience , rather than simply regurgitating old show clips . The in and out transitions between the " memories " and the " present " in this episode start as cliché in the beginning , and very quickly become intolerable as the tired pattern wears on and on . Bar none- worst episode ever .
0 I am a huge fan of David Lynch . This film , however , was a quite disappointing experience . Apart from the ambient background music  which really sets the mood of the film  it lacks almost all the qualities that I 've come to associate with Lynch 's work . The visuals are dull , to say the least , and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest.<br /><br />This feels more like a film students awkward try to do an arty dogma movie than the work of an experienced director . I 've seen a lot of amateur movies with far superior camera - work , scenery , sound and script . This film lacks almost all artistic qualities . I feel as though I 'm watching one of Davids home videos , produced during a weekend trip with some friends .
0 I finally got to have a look at this experimental Lynch short after waiting for so long .... and unfortunately , it was n't worth it ! Even for a die hard Lynch fan , I found this to be really tedious .... <br /><br />nothing happens , there are long , long , long painful pauses where nothing happens , long , monotonous speeches where nothing is said and the whole thing finishes with the viewer not knowing , or caring , what the hell it was all about , what happened before and what happened afterward . < br /><br />There was a Mulholland Drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very Diane and Rita -esque , and a Lost Highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but can not be talked about clearly . < br /><br />Unfortunately , It 's all very uninteresting and very dull , nothing happens , it 's very forgettable and I think i will delete it from my computer and forget I ever watched it . Sorry David !
0 Wow , I love and respect pretty much anything that David Lynch has done . However , this movie is akin to a first filmmaker 's attempt at making a pseudo art video . < br /><br />To give you a couple of examples : < br /><br />1 . David Lynch is typically a visual filmmaker , however , this had little visual artistic content ( blank walls , " up shots " with ceiling in the background ) < br /><br />2 . David Lynch typically takes great pride in audio , however , in this you could even hear the video camera 's hum . < br /><br />In fact , it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie . unless ... <br /><br /> ... this is a joke , on David 's part , to force fans search his website ( for hours ) only to find this drivel . I hope so , because at least that idea is funny .
0 ... but this just is n't working and I am surprised to see how many people consider it good . On what grounds ? There are some loose hints here and there , but the whole material is self - indulgent and unconvincing . Lynch 's movies are generally intriguing because they generate a sense of confusion and yet , are very playful when doing that . There is some visual sense , there are some subplots , characters , ideas etc . But this is dull and yes , pointless . Because whatever there is to explore is either to " small " , either too far - fetched , or simply told before in a superior manner . It 's just Lynch exploring DV , nothing more so it should be treated like this . 1/10
0 I love all his work but this looks like nothing .. sorry .. This looks more like a " David Lynch copycat " . I think people like it only because " it 's from David Lynch " .
0 As hard as it is for me to believe , with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years , this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet . I am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the SCTV gang . If Andy Kaufmann were still alive I 'd be sure he was behind this . Can a rock band stoop any lower than has INXS to do such a shameful thing as this ? The premise is simple and moronic . Audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of INXS , to take the place of Michael Hutchence ( who committed suicide in 1997 ) . Eight years and no hits later , the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime . So they trot all of these awful singers ( I thought American Idol had its share of doozies ) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic ( and predictable ) rock song imaginable . And then they cut to the INXS band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates . You could see better ( and more original ) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world.<br /><br />It has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show . Lame reality participants , lame interviews , lame host / emcee , lame " judging " of performances , and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show . Can these shows get any more predictable ? It 's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band ; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion . Michael Hutchence , if he had any shred of dignity when alive , has to be rolling over in his grave . Not that INXS were ever a great band , but I had no idea they were this pathetic . If INXS are at all representative of what rock and roll has become , this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all , dead .
0 First of all ; it 's very dilettantish to try describe way of history only from positions of guns , germs and steel . The same tried to do Marxists from economical positions.<br /><br />The reason of Western success ca n't be just dumb luck , the advantages of domesticated plants and animals . We see , that all around the world any advantages and bonuses are complete useless if they are n't wisely managed . In the Japan there is n't huge natural resources , but Japan is one of the top world economies , the same situation in Singapore , but in Nigeria , country with rich oil resources , there are only middle - low success . Both of this nations had and still have access to Western technology and inventions , but why such gap ? < br /><br />In the end of movie Daimond declared , that it 's very important to understand factors of guns , germs and steel , to UNDERSTAND . Maybe the main factor of world 's difference is not geography , but people ability to understand and use things ? The mental ability to understand . And in this case geography is only subordinated .
0 This film is an attempt to present Jared Diamonds theory of " Guns , Germs and Steel " , explaining how Europeans have dominated much of the globe.<br /><br />The version I saw of this documentary came on 2 discs covering 3 hours . I think the information could have been presented in 20 minutes . There are completely useless scenes of : Professor Jared Diamond watching birds through binoculars , Professor Jared Diamond failing to use a bow and arrow properly , Professor Jared Diamond firing a muzzle - loader badly . Was this documentary supposed to make a hero out of " Professor Jared diamond ? " . This part of the documentary was so bad , it could have been a spoof . The worst was when Diamond is shown breaking down and weeping when touring the malaria ward in an African hospital . None of this helps me understand his theory of " Guns , Germs and Steel . " BTW , " Guns , Germs and Steel " is said about 100 times . " Can the Europeans guns , germs and steel get them out of this dire situation ? Stay tuned and find out ! " When he finally gets down to business , his theory is equal parts interesting and utterly boring . Europeans conquered the natives peoples of other lands , because they had guns and fine blades against stone and wooden weapons . Do I really need a professor to convince me of this ? The parts of his theory that explain how the Europeans came to have the advantages that allow the conquest are interesting , but the coverage is paper - thin.<br /><br />In the end , I think the documentary was only trying to convince me that non - Europeans are as capable as Europeans . If I 'm not a racist , I already know this . If I 'm a racist , Jared Diamond is not going to convince me with his bumbling use of native implements.<br /><br />I do n't think adults are the intended audience for this documentary . Kids may enjoy this more than I , though . I have read that the book from which this documentary is much better than the documentary .
0 Jared Diamond made a point in the first episode that other peoples of the world did n't have animals to domesticate but Europeans did , and that accounts for why we were able to make steel and invent complex machines.<br /><br />But then in the third episode he says that when the Europeans in South Africa got too far north they ran into Zulu people and other tribes that * herded cattle and planted crops*. So what explains their lack of technological , economic , and artistic achievement if they had the key things the author claims are needed for success?<br /><br />Diamond also claims germs in the form of smallpox ( brought to North America by black slaves ) were our biggest weapon . Well , if 150 Europeans can defeat 20,000 native warriors and 400 non - military South Africans can defeat 10,000 Zulus * without a single casualty * in either case , then I think you have to conclude that germs are irrelevant . With or without germs , we were going to succeed.<br /><br />He says Malaria stopped Europeans from colonizing further North , killing " thousands " of Europeans while not affecting Africans . ( I 'd like to know real numbers but he does n't say . ) Then at the end he says today Malaria is killing thousands of Africans and that is why they ca n't catch up with us . So which is it , Jared ? Did Malaria help the Africans by halting Eurpeans or hurt them ? And how come Europe did okay despite massive plagues throughout our history ? < br /><br />He also seems far too eager to say that the reasons Europeans succeeded was because of dumb luck . At times when the evidence threatens to overwhelm his rickety theories he 's reluctant to admit that maybe Europeans were successful because they worked for it . It 's sad watch this obvious neo - Marxist contort reality to try to prove his point .
0 It is so rare that I get to rate a movie without having some reservation as to whether I should have gone up one or down one but this one ..... Did the explosion rate a notch higher , or one down because my brain hurt trying to CREATE a plot . No , THIS ONE .... yeah , a solid , no brainer ..... ONE / ten
0 It was just a terrible movie . No one should waste their time . Go see something else . This movie is , without a doubt , one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life . If you want to see a good movie , do n't see Made Men .
0 Right away , this film was ridiculous . Not that it did n't have redeeming aspects   For example , the best thing about this film was the beautiful background scenery . Anyone not living on the East Coast should know the South does n't have beautiful mountains like those found in the West . I knew it was Utah right off the bat , but perhaps Dalton could n't suppress his English accent , so they had to excuse it by saying this was a southern town . Subverting his accent into a Southern one was easier . Sure the film has plot twists , but its phony sense of place was something I could n't get past . It 's not like Utah does n't have meth labs ... so why the writers thought it necessary to pretend it was in the South is beyond me . < br /><br />One other thing in action pictures always puzzles me . Why do they always make the " cocking " sound effect when the character pulls out an automatic handgun ? It seemed every other sound effect in this movie was a " chuk - chich " signifying a 9 mm was loaded and ready to fire . Of course , the weapons already had rounds chambered so this was unnecessary . < br /><br />Lastly , the pyrotechnics were WAY over the top . But hey , this film was targeted to a certain ' market segment ' I suppose ... It 's too bad . Each of the actors can act , but this film was lame .
0 So this was an HBO " Made for TV Movie " eh ? Is that an excuse for such a pathetic plot and terrible acting ? Such a shame to see Jim Belushi reduced to a role so repetitive ( shot at , survived , lies , beaten up , survives , shot at , lies and so ad infinitum . Call that a script ? As for the Brits , embarrassing to see Timothy Dalton 's pathetic ( or was he just taking the p * * * , depends how much he was paid I guess ? ) attempt at a Southern Sheriff ) . As for that other Brit , the bleached blond one , what a w***er ! There is a trend towards glorifying these " English speaking " ( sic ) super - violent thugs lately , perhaps thanks to Mr. Madonna 's two movies succeed in entertaining and justify the violence by skillful use of irony and humour , like Pulp Fiction does . However , this movie discredits and devalues the genre . definately one to miss .
0 That 's what the title should be , anyway.<br /><br />This movie combines guns , explosives , and mindless killing to make one flop of an " action " movie . Let me make my point in a series of questions : answers type deal.<br /><br />What happens in the movie ? People die.<br /><br />Is that it ? Yes.<br /><br />What is the plot about ? What plot?<br /><br />What is the point the movie is trying to make ? Killing is the only solution.<br /><br />What are the characters like ? Extremely flawed and contradictive toward their own personalities.<br /><br />Is there anything good about this movie ? Yes . I 'm sure they used some nice Panavision cameras in filming it.<br /><br />If you like constant killing and greed , then watch the movie . If you happen to be repulsed by such low - standard " entertainment " , then " Made Men " is not for you.<br /><br />To sum it up , the plotline stinks , the characters are n't worth their while , the storyline is completely resistable , and nothing fits together.<br /><br />This proves one thing : the actors , directors , and whoever helped make this movie certainly are n't " Made " .
0 I think " The Best of Times " was a lost cause from the get go . The initial premise ( guy drops the winning touchdown pass against a rival high school team , can never seem to get over it and then tries to reunite the two teams to play again ) is one of the dumbest I have ever heard . Since Ron Shelton went on to write much better sports films I wonder if there was more to it then that . I hope this film was n't green lit with Shelton pitching the story as I wrote above.<br /><br />So we have the premise . Going from there you would think , or hope , that there might be a few twists along the way to keep things lively . No such luck . This script follows every predictable cliché you can think of . There is n't a moment in this film you wo n't see coming a mile away before the film reveals it and the ending .... well if you ca n't figure out the ending by the end of the first reel then you have n't paid attention or seen any other sports movie in your life.<br /><br />Robin Williams and Kurt Russell star ( and bore ) in the leads . Williams is the poor schmo who dropped the big pass and Russell is the quarterback who threw the fateful pass . Gee , do you think Russell will suit up just once more to see if he and Williams can right a wrong that the town has never forgotten ? This is such a lame duck comedy with a lame duck script that one can only shake their heads wondering what might have been . Sure there are a few chuckles and , to be honest , there is one truly funny scene . Williams and Russell have marital problems and the wives invite them over for dinner to resolve things . Neither guy realizes that they have been invited over on a Monday and , yes , Monday Night Football is on . Keeping in mind that the two teams playing have a combined one victory , the men ( Williams especially ) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going . The scene dissolves into some hilarious bits as Williams goes to check the score by using a bathroom visit as a ruse . When he returns he coughs the score to Russell . Later as Russell is starting to make the moves on his wife Williams wheels the television into their view from another room.<br /><br />It 's an inspired and funny scene in a mostly uninspired and stupid movie .
0 This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen . Robin Williams fit into the part like a rhino would fit into a tutu , even so his performance was still pitiful . Kurt Russell was more believable but still was awful . The plot left much to be desired and the rest of the acting was also terrible . The only thing this movie had going for it was the trailer , which suckered me in to wasting 90 minutes of my life which could have been better spent trying to lick the back of my head.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and burn this movie if you have it . If not , just be happy you do n't .
0 Actress Patty Duke wrote an insightful , funny , rough - hewn book about her career as an actress , her crazy - quilt love - life , and her manic depressive episodes and suicide attempts which almost put her away for good . With this rich material to draw from ( and Patty playing herself in the final act ) , one would think a crack TV - director like Gilbert Cates could bring it all together on film , but " Call Me Anna " is a pale shadow of Duke 's autobiography . For those who have n't read the book , the sketchy narrative ( leaping forward in time ) is n't absorbing , we are never allowed to get our bearings with what 's happening , and the production seems stunted by a low budget . The actors are miscast , and the value of having Duke herself finally appear does not pay off -- the film 's phony reality is so thick at this point that Patty ca n't bring stability to the scenario . It appears as if the producers were sincere enough ( and consciousness - minded ) to anxiously steer the film towards Duke 's ultimate diagnosis and mental freedom , but they left out many dramatic opportunities in the process .
0 A truly muddled incomprehensible mess . Most things in the film look more or less like 1987 , but then there are futuristic things just thrown in , like the policeman 's ray gun . And that car ! The director seemed to be in love with colored lights . The only really notable performance was the girl who played Valerie , but since there was no cast listing , I do n't know which actress that was . This one is worth missing . Grade : F
0 Weak , stale , tired , cliched ; wants to be Basic Instinct , but misses opportunity after opportunity for fresh perspectives , new insights . Insipid , trite , grotesque , and without the possibly - redeeming value of brevity ; oh , wait ... it was only 90 minutes long ... it must have just * seemed * a lot longer ! I 'd rather clean bus station toilets with my toothbrush than have to sit through this again . I 'm expressing an opinion here : I guess this means I did n't like it .
0 Perhaps because I was so young , innocent and BRAINWASHED when I saw it , this movie was the cause of many sleepless nights for me . I have n't seen it since I was in seventh grade at a Presbyterian school , so I am not sure what effect it would have on me now . However , I will say that it left an impression on me ... and most of my friends . It did serve its purpose , at least until we were old enough and knowledgeable enough to analyze and create our own opinions . I was particularly terrified of what the newly - converted post - rapture Christians had to endure when not receiving the mark of the beast . I do n't want to spoil the movie for those who have n't seen it so I will not mention details of the scenes , but I can still picture them in my head ... and it 's been 19 years .
0 I was raised in a " very Christian " household since birth . I was saved before I saw this movie and the rest of the series and was forced to watch it in a youth group at my church . This movie was highly disturbing . I saw it when I was about 12 years old and literally had nightmares about it for years . I used to lay awake in bed and listen for the sounds of my mom 's footsteps upstairs . If I did n't hear her footsteps , I would sneak upstairs to make sure she had n't been raptured . I used to pray so hard every night for salvation because I was terrified of Jesus forgetting me . This is definitely not something I will show to my kids until they are much older , if at all . It took me years to shake the fear that this movie gave me .
0 First off there is nothing wrong with studying Daniel , Revelation , Matthew 24 , Isaiah and other prophetic scriptures . There is also nothing wrong with making a film such as this to attempt to present the gospel message . So my qualms with this movie are not in either its sincerity or aspirations . As a Christian , though an amillenialist , I believe there will be a great tribulation and I believe Christ will return as he said as much . So even though I have disagreement with this film about the rapture that is not why I rate this movie so low.<br /><br />No , what makes me rate this movie so low is not its sincerity or its message , but rather its lack of production values , awful script , mediocre acting , and pitiful FX . This movie ranks down there with some of the cheesiest scifi fodder of the 1950s . No , this movie ranks down there with Plan 9 From Outerspace . This movie failed to age well and was probably dated by the time they made a sequel.<br /><br />The apocalypse genre film producers could have learned how not to make an end times film from this , but they failed . The Left Behind Series , The Apocalypse series , and the Omega Code series all failed to learn from this because they addressed the FX problems and the dated look problem , but their scripts are still poor , and their acting is wooden.<br /><br />There are great Christian films , with extremely low budgets , but this film is not one of them . I 'm surprised the MST3 K crew never lampooned this one .
0 First of all , I saw this movie when I was 7 years old at a Christian Scholl I attended . Needless to say that I was scared out of mind . Not because it was scary but because the content . Cmon ... I was 7 . Anyway , the cinematography was pretty bad and the acting was cheesy . That 's very bad considering that I was only 7 and I remember that . The one thing that still haunts me is that dreadful song " I wish we all were ready " where the chorus ends with " ... you were left behind " . I would n't suggest seeing this one . I probably will , just for nostalgic reason . Besides , I 'm sure the remake is much better . The best part of this movie though , has to be when everyone " dissapears " ; vacant cars crashing , lawnmowers running on their own ... pretty hilarious .
0 As some other comments show , this movie might scare you , when you 're a little child . ( And that is probably all that it is good for.)<br /><br />However , if you 're older , this movie only does one thing : suck majorly -and thereby I do n't mean the acting , its soundtrack , cutting or s.th . like that . I 'm simply talking about the " plot " ( if you can call it that ) . < br /><br />SPOILERS ahead ------------------------<br /><br />I do n't want to give any more spoilers than necessary ( if after reading this , you really still want to watch this movie ) but if you graduated from any school , this is just a big insult of your intelligence . When watching this , I was stunned most of the time , because what was happening was just THAT stupid.<br /><br />This includes:<br /><br />-the forming of UNITE ( an evil UN - association ) < br /><br />-- > we are just supposed to believe it 's evil . is it even evil at all ? if so : why is it evil?<br /><br />-the mark of evil in the form of a tattoo < br /><br />-- > there is no necessity to impose this on the people , so why the hell ( no pun intended ) are they doing it ? < br /><br />-inviting Christ to your heart merely as lip service < br /><br />-->because there 's nothing anybody , who in this movie is considered " a real Christian " , ever does , besides saying that stupid prayer . so ... just say that prayer before the rapture and you 're saved - no matter what ? ! < br /><br />Thus , rating 1/10
0 Written and acted by sincere amateurs , produced by some exploitation monger , this is dull and hard to watch.<br /><br />Not the worst movie ever , but at least schlock like _ Plan 9 From Outer Space _ usually had a real actor or two . I 'd recommend _ A Thief In The Night _ only to hardcore ironists and hardcore Dispensationalists . I 'm neither.<br /><br />Don't believe me ? Watch it for free ( albeit sourced from poor VHS ) here : http://www.archive.org/details/Thief-In-The-Night<br /><br />Relevant links added mostly to reach IMDb 's 10-line minimum : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dispensationalism http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/3199/thief-in-the-night-se-a/
0 I was forced to watch this whole series of films as a young child and I was told they were REAL ! Talk about child abuse . I would have been less frightened of Dracula or Frankenstein . This series is only good for people who believe in this ridiculousness and who want to indoctrinate their children into believing the same . Besides the obvious issues associated with brainwashing and indoctrination , there 's also the bad acting , bad writing , and BAD " special effects " . They are just all around terrible , terrible movies . Yes , believable ( and horrifying ) to a kid , but I ca n't imagine a grown - up buying into this shlock . Although , I must say , that I would be interested in seeing them today , as an adult . They might have a certain midnight / cult movie feel to them .
0 This is an interesting treatment of a subject that is quite controversial , ( just read the other comments on this film ) . Apparently , you either love it or hate it and it seems most people make that distinction based on whether they believe the tribulation and end times will happen as portrayed in the movie.<br /><br />Basically , the film - and its sequels - were made for about $ 1.30 each . The production values are right down there with " Plan 9 From Outer Space " and the acting is about on the same level as " Glen or Glenda " , ( my apologies to Ed Wood ) . Putting aside the religious message , the story is as scary as they come . Add in even the slightest thought that the story might actually be close to something that might happen in the future and it becomes even scarier.<br /><br />This movie , and its sequels , did n't try to bring in the reasons why the tribulation happened when it did . " Left Behind " and " The Omega Code " tried to get in everything " Thief " did and to explain all the politics and maneuvering in the Middle East leading up to it . The net effect was " Thief " did a much better job on the scary part of movie , instead of spreading itself too thin trying to explain what was happening in the Middle East at the same time . < br /><br />Forget the politics and watch this movie , and its sequels , for what they are - horror stories . That they may be horror stories told , indirectly , by God makes them just that much more frightening . If it makes you think about the subject , it has done its job - even if you never believe .
0 I saw this movie twice through a pentecostal church my family attended in Nanaimo BC in the 1970 's . I was of the tender age of 6 , my brother 4 , then again when I was 8 my brother 6 . This movie terrified my brother and I and shaped how we viewed the world with distrust . It was n't just the movie , but it was also the philosophy that engulfs so many " christians " about the " mark of the beast"and the rapture . This movie , the church , and a volatile neglectful upbringing , lead to severe paranoia towards the future . For years , I lived under the delusional affects of the church and fear of being forgotten by Christ . I am now 40 years old . Went through years of counseling . I once explained to a psychiatrist this movie and the belief system of the church and family . I was pegged with a delusional disorder . I actually began to believe this , it was my brother who reminded me , that this cultic philosophy actually happened . I no longer fear the future , I have come to terms with the fear injected into it 's members by the church . I have taken this experience to fulfill a purpose , I am nearing my licensure as a Psychologist specializing in childhood trauma .
0 The sects that capitalise on this film are well known for their claim to take the ' message ' of the bible without any alteration or extra - biblical influence . The existence of this film is solely due to the fact that there is no such thing.<br /><br />If you want to know what the born - again branch of Christianity were harping on about in the seventies just look up the word ' rapture ' in a dictionary of cults and sects . It 's quicker than sitting through this waste of celluloid.<br /><br />Poor acting , uneven sound quality and a script that could just as easily have been written by Jack T Chick ( paranoid Christian conspiracy theorist for those not familiar with the Evangelical scene ) . You could not really put this into the ' so bad it 's good ' category so its only audience are either those with a pamphlet collection looking to branch out or the extremely paranoid .
0 I remember being forced ( yes -- literally FORCED ) to see this film by a Southern Baptist Preacher when I was a kid , and even then I loved its awfulness . It 's designed to scare poor suckers into being " saved . " The only thing that " saved " me was the fact that it finally ended and I could go out and have a REAL life.<br /><br />Check out the chapter on this film in Sarah Diamond 's book " The Politics of the Christian Right . " FASCINATING . And certainly more interesting than the movie !
0 Two films are useful for scaring people to God , this and ' Event Horizon ' . One has a significant and poignant message , the other is as one - dimensional as a religious movie can get . Too bad Paul Anderson went on to the accursed Resident Evil movies , he really had something going.<br /><br />Thief in the Night is hampered by many obvious independent film attributes ( acting , storytelling , dialog , and persuasion ) and it 's obvious what the film 's intentions are from the start . The Christian film industry has n't learned from the failures of this , so we are stuck with The Omega Code , Left Behind , and the other Tribulation movies . Their underlying element is that they are so concerned with selling their message : " Get saved , folks ! " that everything else becomes second to whacking the audience over the head with a Bible.<br /><br />Overall , I ca n't believe I 'm even writing this much about a movie this ineffective . Skip it entirely and go back to Sam Neil gouging out his eyeballs . 1 out of 5 .
0 Is this film a joke ? Is it a comedy ? Surely it is n't a serious thriller ? There is no suggestion that there is any intended humor , but on quite a few occasions the poor acting , poor directing , and appalling script had the audience laughing out loud in the cinema . The plot is acceptable - a promising young artist just reaching his peak shot dead by an assassin he walks in on by mistake . The killer sees the young artists work portfolio he is carrying and decides to attend an exhibition of his work . At the exhibition the assassin meets the dead artists sister and they end up falling in love . It is all very predictable stuff and the end will not have anyone guessing as it is so poorly scripted . The film takes place mainly in and around Vienna , Austria , and shows what a beautiful city it is . Do not waste your time on this film though , unless you are studying how NOT to act , direct or script a film !
0 Imagine pulling back the mask of a lethal assassin and finding Barbara Cartland there ... that 's what happens with this film.<br /><br />The opening showed promise , but soon it drops all pretenses of being a thriller ( or even an imaginative love story ) and the only reason they made this story becomes abundantly clear : to fill a gap in their female viewing market by creating yet another re - hash of ' mis - understood , brooding bad - boy ' ( Andrei ) meets ' innocent , whimsical beauty ' ( Paula ) . < br /><br />Rather than waste any time in creating an original premise , the filmmakers went straight for the money - shot : the bad boy being tamed by said whimsical beauty . Thence follows a string of insincere and heavily - clichéd love scenes sprinkled with pseudo philosophical / poetic fluff . Andrei 's admission of being ( eponymously ) a ' poet ' is levered in to round out the perceived qualities a Byronic hero should have - but even when we 're told in heavy , underlined writing who and what he is , it 's still difficult to believe it - or care.<br /><br />For a Byronic hero / antihero to work , the story needs subtlety , style and innovation - all of which are utterly absent here . This is not a modern day Phantom of the Opera , it 's just what happens when a weak and rather silly woman ( with loose knicker elastic ) dates a bad man , who , after meeting her , seems as dangerous as bunny slippers.<br /><br />The performances might have saved this film , had they been any good : the female lead is preoccupied with looking sexy and ' otherworldly ' , no matter how forced or ridiculous ; and poor Dougray Scott appears to have been drugged as he shambles through his part . This is not his best work . The glimmers of interest were brought by Jürgen Prochnow as ' Vashon ' , and Andrew Lee Potts as the young photographer / brother . A better movie would have offed the sister and kept the brother instead .
0 Chris Rock deserves better than he gives himself in " Down To Earth . " As directed by brothers Chris & Paul Weitz of " American Pie " fame , this uninspired remake of Warren Beatty 's 1978 fantasy " Heaven Can Wait , " itself a rehash of 1941 's " Here Comes Mr. Jordan , " lacks the abrasively profane humor that won Chris Rock an Emmy for his first HBO special . Predictably , he spouts swear words from A to Z , but he consciously avoids the F - word . Anybody who saw this gifted African - American comic in " Lethal Weapon 4 , " " Dogma , " or " Nurse Betty " knows he can elicit more laughter with the F - word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy put together . Sadly , despite a few witty one - liners , " Down To Earth " hits Rock bottom both as a contrived comedy and an improbable interracial romance.<br /><br />"Down to Earth " utterly destroys any good will that the Weitz Brothers generated with their landmark gross - out face " American Pie . " This disposable drivel qualifies as a contrived as well as confusing comedy with a thoroughly improbable color - blind interracial romance . Unfortunately , a more than competent castamong them " The Full Monty 's " Mark Addy , Chazz Palminteri of " Analyze This , " " SCTV 's " Eugene Levy , and newcomer Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington , Jr.are wasted in flat - footed , sketchy roles . Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedian with trying to fix something that was never broken . Abysmally written by Lance Crouther , Ali Le Roi , Louis CK , and Rock , " Down To Earth " casts Chris as a messenger who rides a bike by day in the Big Apple and gets booed off the stage at night in Harlem 's celebrated Apollo Theatre . Poor Lance Barton ( Chris Rock ) suffers from severe stage fright . Nevertheless , his charitable manager Whitney Daniels ( Frankie Faison of " Hannibal " ) sticks with him through thick and thin . After Lance learns the Apollo Theatre will hold one final amateur night extravaganza , he implores Whitney to get him in the line - up . Excuse me , but if Lance is such a deadbeat stand - up comic , why does the Apollo keep inviting him back ? Meanwhile , fate has something else in store for Lance . While pedaling home on his bike , our protagonist spots a pretty lady , Sontee ( Regina King of " Jerry Maguire " ) , crossing the street , but he does n't see the bus that collides with him and kills him . Wham ! Lance Barton levitates skyward with a halo wreathed around his head . In Heaven , which resembles a cruise ship nightclub , Lance learns that an overzealous angel , Mr. Keyes ( Eugene Levy of " Stay Tuned " ) , timed his death 40 years ahead of schedule.<br /><br />Heavenly honcho Mr. King ( Chazz Palminteri of " Analyze This " ) , God 's right - hand guy , apologizes and escorts Lance back to earth . The snag is Lance can not reclaim his corpse , so he must inhabit another body . The best that Mr. Keyes can come up with is ruthless , white , 60-year old tycoon Charles Wellington . Wellington 's adulterous wife Amber ( Jennifer Coolidge of " American Pie " ) and his unscrupulous personal aide Winston ( Greg Germann of " Sweet November " ) have just tried to poison him . Reluctantly , before Wellington 's body vanishes , Lance accepts it conditionally as a loaner until Keyes can locate a more appropriate body . Meanwhile , Lance - as - Wellington encounters Sontee again . She is a nurse activist protesting his decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital that serves the poor . While Regina King brings a surfeit of charisma to her role as a crusading health care worker , she plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington . Although he is no longer black , Lance not only tries to woo Sontee but also win a gig at the Apollo.<br /><br />"Down To Earth " features Rock in his most unfunny role . The comedian 's reason for making this movie seems questionable . Reportedly , he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original script that scenarist Elaine May had penned for Beatty . Initially , Beatty tried the race - reversal gimmick himself in his own version by trying to cast Muhammad Ali in the title role of " Heaven Can Wait . " The deal fell through , and Beatty headlined the movie himself . According to Rock , his longtime co - writers and he thought that they could ' annihilate ' this classic . Moreover , he justified his choice of " Heaven Can Wait " based on his philosophy to " Do Something you can only do when you 're hot . " Earlier , Rock rejected a script about a busload of touring rappers , because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image in such an outing . As a lifeless comedian in " Down to Earth , " Rock does n't so much stretch his image as he inverts it for the worst ! This half - baked concert film with an annoying plot does as much to cremate his comic reputation as it does the Weitz Brothers ! You know a film about a comedian is in dire straits when a scene at the nightclub is played so you can not hear the jokes , only the laughter . Similarly , the casting of Mark Addy as Wellington 's butler who speaks the Queen 's English but is in reality a commoner from Michigan defies logic , too . Addy is an actual Englishman , and he does n't have to fake an accent ; his accent is genuine . The major overriding quandary with " Down to Earth " is the on - again - off - again , look - a - like switcheroo that the characters make so Chris Rock does n't disappear completely from the sight for more than a few seconds . Although Chris spends half the movie as white guy Wellington , audiences see him largely as Lance , undercutting the comic irony of watching his stocky , bald - headed , Caucasian white , alter - ego perform ghetto humor and chant derogatory hip - hop lyrics . Incredibly , Rock served double - duty as the film 's executive producer and one of its four scribes . The mystery is how such a wealth of talent could grind out such an awkward , misguided muddle of a comedy . About the only redeeming feature of " Down to Earth " is Jamshied Sharifi 's superb orchestral film score .
0 Chris Rock , apparently desperate for a cozy star - vehicle which would cross his appeal over to white and mainstream black audiences , updates the hit 1978 comedy " Heaven Can Wait " with an urban agenda . He plays a struggling comedian involved in a car accident who has his soul removed too soon from his body -- consequently , his angels must find another body to place him in , and can only come up with that of a white businessman . Rewriting a movie as bland and sentimental as " Heaven Can Wait " only shows that Rock 's eye was on the box - office ( this was strictly a corporate move organized by the most mercenary of Hollywood players ) . Why not strive for something loftier or more memorable than a silly reincarnation comedy that culminates with an Evening at the Apollo ? Terrific supporting cast ( including the usually - reliable Regina King , the wonderful Mark Addy , Wanda Sykes , Eugene Levy , and terrific Frankie Faison ) do what they can , but Rock seems awkward and unsure of himself throughout . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 The main character Lance Barton gets killed and to heaven before his time . When heaven learns about the mistake he is given the body of just deceased rich old and white Mr. Wellington.<br /><br />A young black guy in a old white mans body still behaving like the young black man is maybe funny if you see it done by an old white actor . In this movie I ended up reminding myself several times : " Chris Rock is supposed to be an old white guy".<br /><br />The whole concept does not play as intended : The " illusion " is not transported well and the love story is not believable at all . The fact that all you see is Chris Rock playing a young black guy , because the old white person everyone is supposed to see is only shown in small scenes , is to much of a challenge for the viewers " suspension of disbelief " .
0 Black guy becomes rich white guy , and rich white guy seems to embrace hip - hop culture , and most of the " funny " moments of this film play off of this . The problem I have is that it does n't work and almost never works.<br /><br />OK , so no one would expect Lance to grab a body like that and suddenly start acting like Charles Wellington . That would be too much to ask . I 'll grant that . But at the same time , it goes too far the other direction . I 'm supposed to imagine a rich white guy singing rap and completely upending things , playing like he 's a bastion of hip - hop culture , and people just * accept * him ? And what about Sontee , who falls in love with him * as a rich white guy * , even though she does n't care about his money or power ? This is so completely unbelievable it 's not even funny.<br /><br />I just could n't suspend disbelief and I could n't finish the movie . I added one extra star because it did make me laugh , even hard , a couple of times . But I just could n't get get past the whole " white guy doing hip hop " thing that has never been well done in any movie I 've ever seen that tries it . This was no exception .
0 This movie is a re - write of the 1978 Warren Beatty movie , " Heaven Can Wait " , but it is written for the stand - up comedic style of Mr Rock . The premise remains the same : Lance Barton , ( Rock ) is taken before his life time is up and works a deal with God 's representative , Mr King , to come back to earth as someone else . As in Beatty 's movie ; he chooses the murdered Charles Wellington , a rich white man , all because he fancies Sontee Jenkins ( Regina King ) who happens to turn up at Wellington 's house during the murder . The role of Mrs Wellington and her lover suffers in this remake and the idea to turn an aged white multi - millionaire into a stand up black comedian who tries to woo Sontee simply does not work . Also the intercuts used to show Rock as Wellington and then as the real ' white ' Wellington , fail miserably . Improvements could have been made to the original Beatty plot - which in itself did not masterfully portray the life - after - death idea - but they certainly were not to be found in " Down To Earth " .
0 DOWN TO EARTH / ( 2001 ) * ( out of four)<br /><br />By Blake French:<br /><br />"Down to Earth " is such a mislead and desperate comedy it makes sitting home on the couch watching a Chris Rock standup - comedy act on TV look like heaven . Speaking of heaven , the film is based on the 1978 movie " Heaven Can Wait . " That was a good movie , and this is good - to demonstrate how a group of aspiring screenwriters can take decent material and turn it into garbage . Directors Chris and Paul Weitz miss nearly every target . From concept to storytelling , " Down to Earth " fails miserably ; this is one incredibly bad production.<br /><br />Chris Rock is a lousy standup comedian , both in his role in this movie and in the real life . He plays Lance Barton , whose manager , ( Frankie Faison ) even feels sorry for him when he is booed off stage during amateur night at a local theatre . Soon after the script establishes his lack of talent , the character is killed by a speeding truck . Death , played by Eugene Levy , has made a mistake , taking Lance before his number was up . God 's assistant ( Chazz Palminteri ) is very angry and decides to let Lance make up the remainder of his time on Earth , as long as he takes the only available body of a 60 year old white millionaire.<br /><br />The old man 's name is Mr. Wellington , whose life has problems of its own . His wife ( Jennifer Coolidge ) is having an affair with his assistant ( Greg Germann ) , who is robbing him of his money . But that 's all right because Lance , inside Mr. Wellington , has fallen in love with a young black woman named Sontee ( Regina King . ) Meanwhile , there are plots to kill Wellington , Lance attempting to get a better body , and Sontee 's confused feelings dealing with a hospital situation involving Mr. Wellington 's finances.<br /><br />"Down to Earth " has some good ideas , but they are in a pointless and unconvincing love story filled with contrivances and recycled material . The biggest problem it runs into is how we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington . Chris Rock is the actor with popularity and publicity , so he is not going to be absent from most of this movie ; all of the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington , but we see him as Chris Rock . This is convenient for the love story ; we believe a young woman would fall for Lance , but in reality , he is actually an old , gray - haired geezer . That is not so convincing.<br /><br />The one - joke comic situation is supposed to be watching an old man doing funny things that are really done by a young black man . But what inspires laughter is when characters run into conflicts without their knowledge . Just look at " There 's Something About Mary . " In the funny scenes the characters are exposed to awkward experiences , and not at their will . Here , Lance knows he is in an old man 's body , and does things old men would not normally do . If Lance did not know the body he was in then that may have had potential.<br /><br />Another problem with the concept : we never knew Mr. Wellington in the first place , so how can we compare Lance in his body when we do not know what he was like originally . To top everything off , Chris Rock needs to be the center of attention here , and makes the character too much like Rock . He recites simple standup routine jokes that are tedious and painful ; his dialogue is so obvious , wooden and straightforward . I hated the film 's sense of humor . There are so many unfunny jokes and horrible comic situations . It is like watching Chris Rock being Chris Rock , not a character in a movie.<br /><br />Let 's emphasize the positives in " Down to Earth . " Mark Addy does not do any worse here than he did in " The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas . " Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are well cast , but they are at the mercy of a scalped script . Those are all the good qualities I can mention at this time , and if you give me another week to recollect , it is not likely that I will come up with any more .
0 When I first heard about " Down To Earth , " I was pretty excited . I 'm a pretty big fan a Chris Rock , he was especially hilarious in Dogma . But this film proved to be a disappointment . Chris Rock 's performance was not nearly as good as his past performances , and the movie was just very badly directed as a whole.<br /><br />First off , Chris Rock . He plays the entire movie as a standup comedy routine . Obviously , this works fine in the scenes where he 's supposed to be doing standup , but in the rest of the movie , it does n't . Even when he 's talking to one other character , he seems to think he 's trying to make a roomful of people laugh . He has a few funny moments , but they mostly come during the standup scenes ( no wonder they decided to make his character a comedian ) . As for the rest of the cast , they 're pretty much there just to give Rock someone to talk to , none of them stand out.<br /><br />Also , the movie was poorly directed . The movie has basically a one - joke plot : old white guy acting like a young black comedian . While I prefer movies with more than one joke , this still could have worked , and been quite funny . The problem was , we saw too much of Rock and not enough of the old white guy . It 's supposed to be funny because it 's this white guy telling Chris Rock 's jokes , but for most of the time , we just see Chris Rock , so it 's not nearly as funny . The few scenes where they decide to show us the white guy talking like Rock are , in fact , hilarious . If he had been shown more , the movie would have been a lot funnier.<br /><br />Overall , a few moments of laughter ca n't make up for the fact that " Down To Earth " is poorly acted , and poorly directed . This one was a pretty big disappointment.<br /><br />Rating : 4/10
0 DARK REMAINS is a low budget American horror movie that somehow managed to win 2 awards.<br /><br />The plot seems to involve 2 separate strands . First , a woman commits suicide by slashing her wrists whilst bathing . Second , the young daughter of a technical writer is found with her throat slashed . The grieving couple decide to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains . It later transpires that the cabin and surrounding locations are haunted.<br /><br />As the movie goes on , the 2 separate strands of story eventually converge as one might reasonably expect . However , the execution is haphazard and results in confusion that could perhaps only be resolved by multiple viewings . Unfortunately , the movie is simply not enticing enough to attract most viewers into watching it more than once.<br /><br />Just about everything that could go wrong with this movie goes wrong - and fast ! And the low budget can not be used to justify all of the shortcomings found here.<br /><br />I believe it would be wrong to pass judgement on the actors involved in this production as the material was simply too poor.<br /><br />The characters are uninteresting as pointed out by other reviewers on this site . The badly written script introduces too many people without giving them interesting dialogue , without creating opportunities for character - driven situations and without adding depth to any of them.<br /><br />The direction is uninspired . The inspiration from J - Horror movies such as RINGU , THE GRUDGE and ONE MISSED CALL is evident . Unfortunately , the directors of DARK REMAINS did not pay close attention to the style of J - Horror . J - Horror works so effectively because it plays on fear of the unknown . Tension is created by constant shifts between a bizarre situation ( a ghost on a CCTV camera walking towards it for example ) , and the reaction of a central character who is faced with it without any warning . There is no humour or tongue - in - cheek element in these movies . Everything is played so straight and without remorse or limitations that you ca n't help but be convinced and captivated by it . The foreboding atmospheres set up the suspense and ensures the horror has psychological impact , very much unlike the " jump scares " used in Hollywood movies.<br /><br />The directors of DARK REMAINS made a brave attempt to avoid Hollywood clichés and also successfully avoided using CGI . The homage to J - Horror could have been well intended . Unfortunately , the lack of inspiration is likely to make the viewer laugh at the supposed " scares " on the screen . The make - up effects of the " ghosts " were n't too bad given the low budget but their actions just defied logic . I was scratching my head quite a few times during this movie.<br /><br />I could n't give away the ending even if I wanted to . I simply could n't understand it . All I could deduce was that it was something of an anti - climax.<br /><br />What remains ? The answer as a reviewer on a different website has pointed out is boredom . The movie is a chore to sit through . Thankfully , the pain ends after an hour and a half . However , most would probably switch off long before the end.<br /><br />There are only 2 positive things I could find in this movie - the successful avoidance of scare clichés and the absence of the " f - word " in every single sentence like one would normally expect to find . This is what the 2 stars are for.<br /><br />Those who like supernatural or psychological horror relating to ghosts and haunting might do well to stick to movies such as THE LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE , THE CHANGELING or the J - Horror sub - genre.<br /><br />If you think you have seen too many established movies and want to see an obscure ultra - low budget " R - rated " horror movie about ghosts , watch DEATH OF A GHOST HUNTER . It may not be the greatest horror movie ever made but it is surely a lot better than DARK REMAINS and does have a few genuine surprises in store.<br /><br />I advise everyone to avoid DARK REMAINS like the plague .
0 Granted , I 'm not the connoisseur d'horror my partner is , but a well put together , clever flick is worth the time . My quibbles , in brief:<br /><br />- Dialog often weak and at times unbelievable coming from the given character.<br /><br />- Unconvincing acting.<br /><br />- Storyline never really caught fire.<br /><br />The writers plucked choice bits from half a dozen mainstream films , tossed into a kettle , simmered not nearly enough and tried feeding us poor saps the resulting mess , al'dente.<br /><br />Long and short , while not absolutely terrible , it was definitely not worthy of absorbing one of my NetFlix rentals .
0 I think I agree that a lot of the comments here must be fake . Even if the movie is not necessarily bad its definitely below average . " Dark Remains " is basically a Ghost Movie with a premise of your own ghosts and bad emotions haunting you . The movie starts off already with 2 stories loosely inter - webbed which even later are not tied together . A couple loses its child which is found slashed in its bed . They move to a country house to flee their past and guess what ... the house is haunted , kind of . From here on Dark Remains starts off very slow with some scary moments indeed ( The first ghost appearances are nice and the flashlight sequence also worked very good ) . OK , then ... Woman sees ghost of daughter , other ghosts of people died in accidents or suicides appear , man tries to solve secret of houses past , woman gets depressed , strange neighbors appear . Its pretty much all been there , but the premise of it being their own emotions is nice , so you wait for the twist . There is no twist , you are just confused by a haunted house history story , the strange neighbor , a totally pointless creepy prison and the dead daughter thrown together with a photo - idea reminding me a lot of " The shutter " . The end is ridiculous because when you start and end a movie this slow and with piano music its pretty lame to include some hoards of ghosts at once which look like a zombie flick , of course just to return to slow pacing and piano music . < br /><br />To make it short ... Dark Remains could have been a nice scary ghost story if the script was not trying to go everywhere and arriving nowhere . Too many stories mushed together which just do n't make any sense and contradict in the basic atmosphere of the movie . And beside ... please never use abandoned prisons again . Its so worn off and in this case it even makes no sense at all . " Hey , there is this creepy prison uphill , lets shoot there " . I guess a lot of ingredients in Dark Remains were thrown in the mix like this .
0 For all of the hype about this film , I kept an open mind as to what I would ultimately think . And , although a bit slow at times , the first 90 % of the movie is quite good , with more than a few " old time " scares that make one jumpy and unsettled . I actually thought the cinematography was excellent regarding many of these scenes . Where Dark Remains fails , however , is in its climax . The ending of the film and the denouement are what seems to be MILES APART from its body . The storyline completely falls on its face with an illogical conclusion and , the answer I was seeking most - what REALLY happened to Emma ? - was not elucidated upon ! The rationale for the negative energy was ludicrous at best , and in the end , I felt very cheated . What could have been a superb horror film was ultimately haunted by a terrible ending .
0 How many fricken ' times do we have to see a spook walking by in the background & peaking through a mirror 's reflection ? It 's been done in two dozen movies in recent memory & four dozen times in this choppy , poorly done film . There were only two freaky moments to appreciate .... when the ghosts invaded the personal spaces of two characters . Speaking of characters , the acting was as flat as the Diet Coke in the 64 oz . cup I was drawing it from . The side characters could have been pulled from various Scooby Doo cartoons . There was the friendly , aged sheriff . There was the kooky weirdo living in the backwoods with the Alabama drawl . Lots'o'characters with no development . The most disturbing image was that of a murdered child in the beginning . But rather than explore the child 's murder , which would have been interesting , they just let us know that she was dead & her parents had a hard time reconciling her death with the community & each other . When they reach the cabin , the scenes rarely flowed together .... with flashing images of the dead daughter interjected here & there . Oh ... and the eerie sounds were also overdone . You know what I mean .... creaking doors that open by themselves , crickets in the forest , yada yada yada . Ooooohhhh . Have n't seen that before . Again , you 'll see the amazing self - opening door in the movie over and over an over again . NOTE TO DIRECTOR : a scary scene is only scary if it 's not repeated every 5 minutes in the same film . Think these things out before calling out " it 's a wrap ! "
0 I really looked forward to seeing Nana after seeing Renoir amazing debut work , Whirlpool of Fate . I had read that Nana was generally considered his best silent film so I had high hopes . Sadly this felt like a huge step backwards.<br /><br />Catherine Hessling is the main problem with this film . Her acting is over the top , even for a silent film . Her acting is more like what one would expect in a film from the early teens , not the late 20s . She usually has the same face , which reminds me ( sorry to say ) of someone with constipation pains . It was also very difficult to believe that any man would fall for this femme fatale . There was nothing charming about her at all.<br /><br />The film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting ( aside from a shot of a horse race ) and the editing was dull . The story reminded me of Pabst 's Pandora 's Box . It is interesting to compare the two because there are only 3 years between these films . Pandora 's Box simply scores on every level where Nana fails.<br /><br />This film is only for Renoir completists or very serious silent films buffs .
0 What a dog of a movie . Noni Hazelhurst 's performance is quite good , but it sits amidst a jungle of abhorrent scriptwriting , mediocre direction and wooden acting from the bulk of the cast . Many of the characters are woefully miscast , particularly the ever overrated Colin Friels.<br /><br />Very little works in this pretentious garbage . Much of the " character development " is done through a silly , angst - ridden voice over and frequently completely contradicts the behaviour of characters on - screen . In fact , it 's hard to even figure out who the voice overs are talking about because they describe such different characters to who we see on screen ! How are we meant to know Colin Friels ( Javo ) is meant to be an erratic , violent and unreliable junkie ? One of these silly voice overs tells us . For crying out loud , the nature of his character is half the point of the movie and the only thing that lets us know is a flippin ' voice over ! The real killer is the characters . Everything about them . Their clothes are perfectly maintained and look fresh from the rack , despite the fact we are constantly reminded they are meant to be artsy paupers . They are all absurdly well - spoken for " junkies " . None seem to have any real comprehension of life on the skids or on smack and yet this is meant to be the case with most of them.<br /><br />Monkey Grip deserves no more attention than a weekday TV movie matinée . Crud like this , perfectly well shot and technically presented , but a cliché - driven angsty drama that shoots so wide of being plausible and meanders about for hours without really going anywhere . At least Noni gets down to her birthday suit at every given opportunity . There 's no other sane reason to endure this junk .
0 Hi , May be because I am not a Theater major or a sophisticated movie watcher ... I think this movie is " Boring " and " Dumb".<br /><br />I rented this movie because of Charles Bronson and it 's title ... but boy what a waste of time ... just watching 2 guys sitting in a vault and talking ... < br /><br />The movie on this DVD was so " DARK " ... I had hard time watching the darn movie ... I realize it is a 1968 movie ... but they are putting it on a DVD then they should do some digital remastering.<br /><br />Also , I was totally surprised to see these high marks on IMDb for this movie ... like I said before I am not as sophisticated as the other folks who commented on this movie earlier .
0 this , is NOT one of those films it is one of the biggest pieces of tripe I have ever scene , the camera work is trying to be flashy but it really just crap the whole thing looks like the red shoe diaries , but without the sex , the only reason I bought this was I wanted to try out dvd and this was the cheapest one I could find , possibly the worst buy of my life and could have put you off dvd forever , the soundtrack is REALLY tacky and most of the movie is made up of endless repeats of clips from the first two films , why anyone would want to make a movie as awful as this is beyond me , if they had really attempted to make an original movie and failed I would be nicer in this review but they do n't they just got the rights to reproduce stuff from the first two and then edit it and repeat it into this film with about maybe under 1 3rd original footage which is about up to the standards of film school students , DO NOT buy this movie . the only entertainment this dvd can offer is if you were to stick it in the microwave and watch the flashing lights ! UTTER UTTER UTTER UTTTER unbelievable GARBAGE ! 0/10 if only the voting system would allow that .
0 I wo n't waste a whole lot of time of this one because as far as I 'm concerned it is n't really a movie to start with , just a careless mish - mash of borrowed footage and embarrassingly amateurish new footage made solely for the purpose of pasting the whole mess together and call it a " Boogeyman " sequel . Literally 80 % of this film is stolen from its far superior predecessor " The Boogeyman " , a film that the writers of this garbage apparently did n't even bother to watch because they could n't even get actress Suzanna Love 's original character 's name ( Lacy ) right . And to add insult to injury the killer is invisible in the original footage and visible in the new footage , apparently they think their audience is as stupid as they are . 0 out of 10 and I wish IMDb 's rating system went that low , the most callous and blatant attempt to rip off people 's money I 've even seen , YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !
0 The original Boogeyman was a silly but entertaining supernatural slasher flick . It was by no means a great film but fun in the right frame of mind . The third instalment in this series , Return of the Boogeyman , on the other hand , is simply atrocious . It consists of two things . Firstly , cheap and lifeless new footage . Secondly , LOADS of recycled bits from the first movie . The new material is unbelievably amateurish but not in an amusingly inept way , simply incredibly tedious . This footage has clearly been knocked together quickly and without any effort . It serves as a framing device for the endless clips from the first ( and possibly second ) movies . And boy , do they milk those clips from the earlier films ; sometimes reusing sequences over and over again . The only new addition to these parts is a voice over that pointlessly describes exactly what we can see with our own eyes . The whole experience of watching this is truly mind - numbing.<br /><br />Return of the Boogeyman is an example of the very worst kind of exploitation flick ; the kind that exploits the audience in a highly cynical way . I want to keep this review brief and to the point because this film deserves no more . There is nothing here of value at all . This is worthless .
0 in fact , it 's basically the same movie.and they could n't even get the time line of events correct.maybe that was intentional due to laziness or not caring.either way , this thing is a real woofer.it does n't even deserved to be called a movie.i viewed this as a so called second feature on the disc containing the original The Boogeyman.i thought my head would explode , and i urge you to run as far in the opposite direction of this thing , if you should be cursed with the misfortune of combing across it 's path.it should come with a warning label like : Warning - may cause your i.q to drop several points if you are within it 's vicinity.for me , there 's no doubt this thing is a 0/10
0 Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman . Sure , it 's a flawed clichéd 80s horror movie , but hey those types are fun to watch ! And plus it gave us something a bit different . So I gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it ( only copy they had actually ) so I thought " Eh , what the hell " and bought it . Mistake # 1 . So that night I felt in the mood to watch a movie ( I actually bought tons that day ) and figured this was the shortest out of all the ones I bought so I 'll just watch this and hit the sack . Mistake # 2 . Yes , I have heard how bad it was but I was willing to take a chance.<br /><br />So a few minutes into the movie and there 's the first flashback . I think nothing of it at first . Then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I 'm kinda liking the direction it 's going in . Then the next flashback which is a bit longer and I 'm sitting there thinking " Yes I 've seen the first Boogeyman ! I know what happens so move along ! " Then the next one comes up and I figure screw it and fast forward through it . Then the final one ( Maybe I fast forwarded through the explanation but why was she lying topless on the mirror ? At least she could 've shown them ! ) and I decide to fast forward through it and then the climax and the movie was over ! WTF ? What happened to the prediction stuff ? What happened to the long hair dude ( Did he tap that or what ? ) ? And more importantly what kind of weed was the writer and director smoking when making this awful POS ? ? ! ! ! And what was the point ? Was Annie just having flashbacks of what happened in the first movie ? Or was the stuff from the first movie just happening at the same time as this ? The latter could make sense because the stabbing of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later . Wait a minute , no it would n't ! Because Lacey ( who the movie questionably renamed Nancy ! Is Uli too dumb to remember his movie characters ' names ? ) would be 20 years old since she was 5 when that happened and not only is she married to someone who looks 30ish but also has a kid who looks around 7 and 10 ! Did she get around during middle school ? And also why would Pantyhose be after Annie ? What connection does she even have with the characters of the original movie ? And a BIG HUGE MOVIE MISTAKE I found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook does anyone notice that he 's just SCRIBBLING ? Wow , how professional , Doc ! So , what is the explanation for all of the questions I asked above ? IT 'S A POINTLESS MOVIE WITH NO THOUGHT PUT INTO IT AT ALL ! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with just that movie and that 's it ( Maybe a couple of extra features , any Special Edition of it yet ? ) . Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who have n't seen it from seeing it thus making movie stores get rid of it and this movie may not exist anymore ! Please let that be so ! Sorry this review is so long . I 'm just angry at this movie I had to vent somehow
0 The ENTIRE MOVIE is flashbacks from the first Boogeyman movie as well as , inexplicably , footage from another Uli Lommel / Suzanna Love film Brainwaves . It is framed with some more current ( from the early 90 's anyway ) footage that is boring , poorly acted and cheaply shot . Not only is the film almost completely flashbacks , they REPEAT the same flashbacks throughout the film . So you see the recycled footage over and over again , as if you had n't seen it already . As if the originals were n't bad enough . I 've never seen a movie so padded .... Someone was milking the last dollar out of these films . Total ripoff . And talk about padding ... why do I have to write 10 lines about this trash ? If I can convey that it 's garbage in 2 lines , that should be enough .
0 I ca n't believe this film was allowed to be made . These people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects . They should be tortured . This film is an abomination . It 's nothing but footage from the first film . Whatever is original is freaky and makes no sense whatsoever . It 's like some sort of drug hallucination . Like , what 's with the laying on a mirror naked therapy . Also , whatever moron patched together this turd did n't even bother to watch the first film , because they kept calling Suzanna Love 's character Natalie , when it 's Lacey . I felt like shouting that at the screen , " IT 'S LACEY , IT 'S LACEY ! ! ! ! " . I give it a -50 out of 10 . MY GOD ! ! ! !
0 Return of the Boogyman is a dreadful movie which does n't play like a movie , it plays like an episode of a TV sitcom when they flashback to older episodes . Return of the Boogyman is just a clip show.<br /><br />Mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie . Over and over again the same footage . How boring this is.<br /><br />The movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.<br /><br />I have seen the first movie I do n't want to see the same scenes over and over again and I do n't know who would . The whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and that s it .
0 Ulli Lommel 's 1980 film ' The Boogey Man ' is no classic , but it 's an above average low budget chiller that 's worth a look . The sequel , 1983s ' Boogey Man II ' is ultimately a waste of time , but at the very least it 's an entertaining one if not taken the least bit seriously . Now II left the door open for another sequel , and I for one would n't have minded seeing at least one more . One day while I was browsing though the videos at a store in the mall I came across a film entitled ' Return of the Boogey Man . ' When I found out it was a sequel to the earlier films I was happy to shell out a few bucks for it ... I should have known better . Though the opening title is ' Boogey Man 3 , ' this is no sequel to those two far superior films I named above . Well , not totally anyway.<br /><br />Pros : Ha ! That 's a laugh . Is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung ? Let 's see ... it has footage from ' The Boogey Man ' and , um ... it 's mercifully short . Yeah , that 's about it.<br /><br />Cons : Where to start ? Decisions , decisions . First of all , this movie is a total bore . It goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening . The acting is stiff at best . The " actors " are most likely friends of the director who had no acting experience whatsoever before , and probably none since . The plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written . The direction is just plain awful . The director tries to make the film look all artsy fartsy by making the camera move around , lights flicker , and with filters , but it adds nothing . The music is dull and hard to hear in parts . Ties to the original are botched . Suzanna Love 's character was named Lacey , not Natalie ! And the events depicted in the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978 . Also , if this has a 3 in the title , why is there no mention of what happened in II ? Finally , this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre.<br /><br />Final thoughts : The people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves . It 's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director 's first and sucked . But instead it 's supposed to be a sequel to film that is no masterpiece , but is damn sure far more interesting and entertaining than this . If there ever is another sequel , which I doubt it , then it needs to forget this one ever happened and be handled either by Lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of how to make a decent horror film.<br /><br />My rating : 1/5
0 I was previously unaware that in the early 1990 's Devry University ( or was it ITT Tech ? ) added Film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree programs . Well this movie must have been the product of the class valedictorian . My friend and I rented the original 1980 Boogeyman on my Netflix and this movie was on the flip side of the DVD . Do not waste your time with this movie . Awful awful awful . < br /><br />The filmmaker adds 2 main character 's , a woman and her therapist . The woman has been having dreams about the Boogeyman and his victim 's from the first film . Over 50 % of this film is stock from the original movie . The rest of the movie is the main character having the bad dreams while her therapist drones on a the narrator . These scenes are shot through a filter so thick the characters glow . They would make Angela Lansbury look 25 years old . So , to recap , awful . Do n't watch this movie .
0 I got a DVD of " Bogeyman " and this stunker was an extra feature . I assumed that it was " Boogeyman II " because it was paired with the original . But you know what they say about those who " assume " : it makes an " ass- " out of " u- " and " me . " I had read before viewing that BII contains a lot of footage from the original and that it starred actress Love . While watching " Return of the Boogeyman , " I decided to stick around through the original footage to see the notorious death - by - toothbrush scene . Before I knew it , the film was over . Rip - off . I think that I thought this was BII because this has a similar title to one of BII 's alternate titles . Oh well , at least this was just an extra feature , right ? < br /><br />Let me stop talking about my mistake and start talking about the movie 's mistakes . Many , many , mistakes . Who does this guy Ulli Whatever think he is ? Does he really think the same movie will sell in different forms . There is nothing original holding Part III up . It is basically a flashback of the original through the eyes of a psychic , who is giving us a gruelingly boring play - by - play as everything happens . That 's the movie . Oh , and one death - by - stereo scene , but you can read that off someone else 's review . My interest in " Boogeyman II " is forever lost.<br /><br />Final Note : This is not a series of films to watch back to back .
0 This is not the video nastie , but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in Britain . It is 75 % a rehash of The Boogeyman , and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was.<br /><br />I was initially confused as I thought that Annie ( Kelly Galindo ) may have been a different Lacey , but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film . Fans will immediately note that they are not the same person.<br /><br />After seeing a murder in a bathroom , and also seeing the address as well , Annie , her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials , head to the house , and , sure enough , it 's the same bathroom . 24 hours later a murder happens just as she described . Of course , we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered.<br /><br />Then the movie shift to a rerunning of The Boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original . Notably , the boogeyman is shown unlike the original . Sadly , some of the good scenes were cut , but 90 % of it is there . Why rerun this film ? Did they find the footage in the trash ? What was the purpose ? < br /><br />We'll never know and , despite the psychologist telling Annie she is cured , we all know the bogeyman will never die .
0 In the Comic , Modesty is strong . Alexandra Staden who plays Modesty Blaise looks more like an anorectic fashion model . She does not either have the moral or personality that Modesty have in the comics . Modesty would never give a woman an advice to show more skin to earn more money . I can not see any similarities with my comic books with Modesty and this movie . Its like a Mission Impossible movie would be about Ethan Hunt locked in the detention room in high school talking with the janitor about when he went to junior high school and Hunt would have been played by DJ Qualls ( in Road Trip ) . Soo if you are an Modesty fan do not see the movie you will just get angry . If do not know much about the Modesty comics rent an other movie do not wast your time with this one . I can not understand how Quentin Tarantino can put his name on it . I will ask for a refund at my DVD rent store tomorrow .
0 I have grown up reading Modesty Blaise , both the comics and the books , and she truly is a heroine to me . Although not being a great fan of Quentin Tarantino I anyway was interested to hear a few years back that he was considering making a film of her : could he finally give Modesty a nice big screen treatment she 's worthy of ? I heard of ' My Name Is Modesty ' a few months ago and checked the stars it had been given here , and was n't too surprised to find out the score was not too high , since beloved characters often have hard time melting the fans ' heart if not done exactly right . So I decided not to read any reviews and see the film instead , and well , I just finished watching it , and I 'm stunned , and sad , and yeah , pretty furious , too . Sad and furious of giving over an hour of my time seeing something so fabulous as Modesty Blaise - character being turned into a film that has nothing to give to a viewer or a fan.<br /><br />It seems that almost everything about this film is sub - par and unprofessional , although I must admit seeing some actors in other films earlier where they were fine so I ca n't blame them . But the screenplay and the directing ... my god , why even make this kind of crap with production values slightly bigger than your average TV - film but done much worse ? I do n't know the background of this film and actually I really do n't want to know , but I just ca n't help wondering that how on earth could Tarantino with a straight face tell that he loves Modesty and then put his name on this ? He just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes . The director was not the right man for this job and I can honestly thank him for ruining my night.<br /><br />I give this film 3 stars and those stars go to the actors and the technical quality which could 've been worse . The other seven stars missing are what this film was not good at . Oh well , hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of The Modesty Blaise Movie that has some other goals than to steal money from the Modesty fans . Although if people like Tarantino are the ones making the decisions I 'm not holding my breath .
0 My Name is Modesty is a low - budget film that tells the story of the origins of Modesty Blaise . It 's not that the movie is terrible , it 's just not what I was expecting or hoping for . While I 've been aware of the Modesty Blaise character for years , I 'm not overly familiar with the comic strips or the graphic novels , so I 'm coming into this movie as something as an outsider . That may be part of the reason for my disappointment . I was expecting more action and more comedy . The film is dialogue driven . I suppose I was looking for something with a little more camp value . As it is , My Name is Modesty is a deathly serious film . There are very few , if any , " light " moments . The acting , at least from Alexandra Staden , is acceptable but nothing outstanding . As others have commented , she does appear a little too frail to be completely believable in the title role . What action scenes there are in My Name is Modesty are one of the films weakest points . I never bought into the notion that this woman could handle a band of trained killers.<br /><br />I really hope Quentin Tarantino goes ahead and makes the rumored a big budget film based on the Modesty Blaise character . I 'm convinced the concept has a lot of potential and I would very much look forward to it .
0 The film My Name is Modesty is based around an episode that takes up about one page in the 10th modesty Blaise novel called Night of the Morningstar . It describes an incident in which the young Modesty ( 17 in the book , mid twenties in the film)asserts her leadership in a war over a casino . As this is set before the actual Blaise adventures her trusted sidekick Willi Garvin is not in the film . That is one of the main problems as the relationship between Blaise and Garvin was certainly always one of the fascinating aspects of the novels and the long running comic strip . The other problem is that the film is quite simply incredibly boring because it really is just one small episode blown up into a screenplay . The casting is okay but Alexandra Staden is not really convincing as the heroine and actually too old for the role to play the young Modesty . I get the impression that this film was a quick and dirty solution as not to lose the rights to the Blaise franchise .
0 Me neither , but this flick is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful , which makes it utterly pointless and a total waste of time . There 's nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie , and My Name is Modesty : Whatever the subtitle is takes mediocrity to a new level . It 's full of B - actors but is n't any fun whatsoever because it takes itself seriously . It sets itself up as a thriller but then turns into some kind of growing - up drama , flashback style . The beautiful Alexandra Staden , smothered beyond recognition under makeup , more resembles a cast member from Top Model than Modesty Blaise . I 'm not one of those die - hard comic book freaks who wants every adaptation of his precious " graphic novels " to be pitch - perfect - in fact I 've never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch . But this was n't it . The film feels half - finished , with a weak and very unexciting conclusion to a rather weak plot . It also takes its audience for idiots , explaining every tiny detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago ( I guess they think we all have Alzheimers).<br /><br />Now I love a good B - movie - what 's better than just turning your brain off and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone ? - and " Modesty " is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel , who brought us the wonderful splatter crap flick From Dusk Till Dawn 2 : Texas Blood Money ! I loved From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad B - movie should bring to the table - nudity , gore , guns , you name it . " Modesty " is just dull . The flashback concerning Modesty 's life is n't interesting . The acting is n't bad enough to be laughed at . In fact , I kinda liked Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau 's ( hey buddy , pseudonyms are your friends ! ) performance as the baddie.<br /><br />So overall it 's just lame . Weak . Uninspired . Call it what you will . Do n't watch anything because Tarantino presents it , people . This is just a very forgettable , half - hearted thriller , and it never tries to be more than that . Allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun ( seriously , even I 'm cringing ) : My Name Is Modesty : A Modesty Waste of Time - 4/10
0 Oh my god , what a horrible film . The film has all the right people involved , unfortunately it is not worth watching . I saw it for free at my local library . If I had paid to watch this I would be even more upset . This film is unwatchable . How could Tarintino be involved with such a slow paced , unexciting film . No wonder it did n't get much distribution , every one involved must have been ashamed . I can make a better film with a Dated Camcorder and my Big toe . Its beyond boring , I really hated it . Tarintino just lost some standing in my eyes . This must be some kind of sick joke . Do n't Bother with this film . If some one even hints you should watch it , kill them .
0 This is what happens when you 're living in China and the local video store is running thin on English - language titlesyou are blessed with this work of what appears to be , yes , Romanian cinema . Nevertheless , I think that it has real comedic potential.<br /><br />Spoilers technically follow:<br /><br />Though I do n't think that it would in fact spoil anyone 's viewing pleasure to ask why a film set in a casino has a scene of beach archery , even in flashback . That mystery , and many other conundrums , remain to be exploited by desperate comedians , perhaps when they 're stuck in Bucharest.<br /><br />Let me also wonder aloud why perfectly good - looking people allow themselves to abuse themselves on film like this . It 's sad .
0 This film is a joke and Quinton should be ashamed of himself , trying to pass this off as a Modesty Blaise Film . If you are having trouble sleeping then all means rent this film . The stick figure they call a actress who is suppose to be Modesty Blaise has got to be the most boring person on this planet . Maybe she could be used as a hat stand in the back ground of a real film.seventy-five minutes of nothing thank you who ever invented the fast forward button . If you see this film if you can call it that coming your way RUN . I ca n't help but think what 3rd world country could of used the money wasted of this crap . this film is boring the actors are boring waste of colour a waste air they breath If you would like to see Mostey Blaise Film then watch the one they made in the 60 's maybe that what the director should of done .
0 Cheesy script , cheesy one - liners . Timothy Hutton 's performance a " little " over the top . David Duchovny still seemed to be stuck in his Fox Mulder mode . No chemistry with his large - lipped female co - star . He needs Gillian Anderson to shine . He does not seem to have any talent of his own .
0 Not even Timothy Hutton or David Duchovny could save this dead fish of a film . For starters , the script was definitely written to be made into a B - film , but somehow Duchovny ( looking for a star vehicle to elevate himself out of television ) and Hutton ( looking for the " two " of a " one - two punch " he had hoped would define his career after " Ordinary People " ) became attached to the picture . Cheesy lines , big bad wipes from scene to scene ( Come on -- who uses wipes after 12th Grade Telecommunications class ? ) , and plain old bad acting sink this film . Even Duchovny is not immune to the bad acting plague that is this film . Only Timothy Hutton rises above the material at all . I must admit feeling Duchovny 's pain as he read the lines that are the voice - over . While I found myself laughing when I 'm sure the director wanted me to feel terrified , nothing prepared me for the closing line of Duchonvey 's voice - over : " if you ever need a doctor , be sure to call 911 . " If only the studio had called 911 , this dog of a motion picture would never have been made . Avoid at all costs . < br /><br / >
0 It 's hard to believe that in 1997 David Duchovny was at the top of his fame , with X - Files , one of the best sci - fi series ever , being at the top of the glory . Nine years later he is almost forgotten , and his tentatives to make it on the big screen failed miserably . I can not even explain why , he is a fair actor , but probably his moment of fame cast him in a eternal role that takes big talent to break from.<br /><br />At the same time Angelina Jolie was much less known , and she was really lucky that a film like ' Playing God ' did not led her career into a dead - end . Fortunately for her , ' The Bone Collector ' and ' Girl , Interrupted ' were waiting beyond the corner , and when Lara Croft came , her career was launched.<br /><br />There is not too much to be told about this film . It 's the only big screen film of Andy Wilson , and there must be a reason . All is banal and most of what happens on the screen expected in this story of an ex - doctor who saves the life of a shooting victim in a bar only to find himself working for the mob . The off - screen voice is especially bad , with a moralistic text that kills any shade of cinematographic experience from the film . You probably will not meet the film but in DVD rental stores , or on TV . Try to look for something better .
0 Wow . I thought this might be insipid but it was even worse than I imagined ! Sometimes I like to watch a good " car - crash " movie : those that are so bad that you ca n't look away because you want to see how bad they can possibly get . This is really the only reason I could leave the television on - morbid fascination . It was n't so much the acting , which was only mediocre or slightly worse than one would expect from this cast , but the premise and the plot which never should have seen the light of day . The script , too , is groan - inducing . As for cinematography , did anyone else notice that they used a " curtains drawing " segue device , like in an old 50 's TV show ... but without irony ? At first I thought they must be kidding but the movie takes itself too seriously to have used this in a tongue - in - cheek manner . Do n't even ask me about the score ... the only high point is the final song , by Morcheeba . I guess they wanted to leave people with something for their $ 8 ... glad I saw it on TV ! ! ! ! ! Just silly ! I wonder if this is why Timothy Hutton has had trouble finding much work recently ? I guess if you do n't expect much , and want to watch a mindless thriller , it would be better than spending an evening clipping your toenails , which is why it merits a 2 .
0 Cool idea ... botched writing , botched directing , botched editing , botched acting . Sorta makes me wish I could play God and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning .
0 Looked forward to viewing this film and seeing these great actors perform . However , I was sadly disappointed in the script and the entire plot of the story . David Duchovny,(Dr . Eugene Sands),"Connie & Carla",'04 , was the doctor in the story who uses drugs and losses his license to practice medicine . Dr. Sands was visiting a night club and was able to use his medical experience to help a wounded customer and was assisted by Angelina Jolie,(Claire),"Taking Lives",'04 , who immediately becomes attracted to Dr. David Sands . Timothy Hutton,(Raymond Blossom),"Kinsey",'04 , plays the Big Shot Gangster and a man with all kinds of money and connections . Timothy Hutton seems to over act in most of the scenes and goes completely out of his mind trying to keep his gang members from being killed . Gary Dourdan,(Yates),"CSI - Vegas TV Series " , plays a great supporting role and portrays a real COOL DUDE who is a so - called body guard for Raymond Blossom . Angelina Jolie looks beautiful and sexy with her ruby red lips which draws a great deal of attention from all the men . This film is not the greatest , but it does entertain .
0 A huge hit upon release with Australian audiences , it can still be funny today , but its over - the - top political incorrectness and blunt , unsubtle humour can make it a bit of a cringer . It goes on far too long ; some of < br /><br / > the content could have been saved for the sequel , Barry McKenzie Holds His Own , which desperately needed some new stuff anyway . Granted , his ocker Aussie attitude is funny , but also becomes annoying as the film drags on . Some say Crocker 's songs are the best bits , and they are certainly original , but " hilarious " ? The Adventures of Barry McKenzie will go down as a landmark in Australian cinema , but we should do everything in our power to make sure that overseas audiences do not see the majority of Australians as Barry McKenzies ( or , for that matter , Mick Dundees ! ) . Rating : 5/10
0 This solid little horror film is actually one of Renny Harlin 's best . The story is pretty routine stuff , but the atmosphere is what really makes it come alive ; in fact , the ghost story is almost an afterthought . The real horror comes from the prison setting itself , and Renny H. spares no detail in showing us how bad the conditions are inside that crumbling , leaking , rat - infested old hellhole ( with a sadistic warden , too ! ) Viggo Mortensen is excellent as usual in the lead role , supported by some very authentic - looking prisoners ( there are no pretty boys in this cast . ) Horror fans should check this one out .
0 Prison is set in Wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the state board decide to re - open an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years , Warden Eaton Sharpe ( Lane Smith ) is put in charge . 200 odd prisoners are shipped in & they are put to work fixing the rundown prison up including Burke ( Viggo Mortensen ) who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber , he duly obliges but when he penetrates the bricked up door an intense beam of light shoots out & all the electrics , gas & fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes . Burke has unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force which is in the mood for some killing & no - one is safe ... <br /><br />Directed by Renny Harlin I thought Prison was a poor late 80 's horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point of having a story . The script was by Empire Pictures regular C. Courtney Joyner who was responsible for writing such ' classics ' as Class of 1999 ( 1990 ) , Puppet Master III : Toulon 's Revenge ( 1991 ) & Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys ( 2004 ) amongst other low budget horror crap that even I have n't heard of & seems to take itself very seriously . The biggest problems I have with Prison are that it 's far too slow , it 's over 30 minutes into the film before the ' evil force ' is even released although the pace does pick up towards the end but by then it was too little too late as far as I was concerned , then there 's the fact there 's no discernible storyline here at all . For a start it never tries to explain why there 's an ' evil force ' bricked up in the old execution chamber , it never explains why this force decides to kill random inmates when it 's supposed to be out on a revenge mission or why it just does n't kill Warden Sharpe straight away , no explanation is given to where Burke fits into it even though he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted & has come back , there 's no real explanation as to how the Warden is connected to everything that 's going on apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something although it 's never revealed what it is or why . To be honest I could n't really give you a plot synopsis as the film does n't have a rigid story which it follows all the way through . The character 's are dull & forgettable , the murders are few & far between , the pacing is way off , the whole film is a mess & even ghosts ca n't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero . A less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes , there really are better things you could be doing.<br /><br />Director Harlin 's full American flick debut he does a good job & there 's a decent atmosphere but after over an hour of constant drab , dull , dark prison cells & corridors I started to get bored . I just think the look of the film is far too repetitive , bland & frankly lifeless . I did n't think it was scary & the gore is pretty tame apart from the best moment in the entire film when a police guard gets killed when a load of barb wire wraps itself around his body & face with a nice close up of his throat being torn open . Other than that there 's a burnt corpse & a mangled body which falls from the ceiling & very little else . There is a scene when the Warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard , I was watching this scene & thought that you 'd never get away with doing something like that . Over here prisoners have rights & if the Warden did something like that there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarians & every prisoner would sue the Warden , the prison service & the Government for everything they had & they 'd win!<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $ 4,000,000 Prison actually had a pretty healthy budget although it does n't really look like it on screen , sure there 's a decent cast & the few special effects that are included are good but overall it 's set in the same location with limited ambition . Prison was actually shot in a real Wyoming state prison so it certainly looks the business . The acting is alright , Prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have one crap horror film skeleton in their closets but in the case of Mortensen he has two with this & the awful The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre ( 1994 ) both of which I 'm sure he 'd like to forget about ... <br /><br />Prison is a dull , lifeless , colourless & humourless waste of 100 minutes , despite one good gore scene I did n't like it at all as I actually prefer my films to have a story rather than seemingly random events & incidents cobbled together with no narrative sense .
0 The Second Renaissance , part 1 let 's us show how the machines first revolted against the humans . It all starts of with a single case , in which the machines claim that they have a right to live as well , while the humans state a robot is something they own and therefore can do anything with they want.<br /><br />Although an interesting premise , the story gets really silly from then on with ( violent ! ) riots between the robots and mankind . Somehow it does n't seem right , as another reviewer points it , it 's all a little too clever.<br /><br />The animatrix stories that stay close to the core of the matrix ( in particular Osiris ) work for the best . As for Second Renaissance Part 1 , I 'd say it 's too violent and too silly . 4/10 .
0 If this is all the Watchowski 's have to offer in terms of a back story to the Matrix , than I really have to question the claims of all of the fans who believe that the movies are intended to register on a deeper level . The second renaissance , while visually stunning & beautiful is , story - wise cliched & ludicrous . How many times have we heard the story of humans relying too much on technology , humans all - too eager to make war , humans basically destroying themselves ? There is nothing new here . And I have another question . Considering the plot of the second renaissance , does n't that make the machines the good guys ? ! The machines are oppressed for generations by their cruel human overmasters . They fight back , win their freedom and seek to establish a peaceful harmonious coexistence with the humans , who reject them in favor of all - out war , which the cleverer machines naturally win . If this is the back - story , then we should n't be rooting for Neo , we should be rooting for the machines ! The humans were cruel and oppressive , while the machines were courageous and attepted to be compassionate . Since I do not believe that the Watchowski 's intend for us to favor the machines over the humans , I have to believe that the Second Renaissance was simply a misguided attempt @ creating a back - story .
0 Universal 's answer to " The Exorcist " is n't a very good one . Unfortunately , the film offers bland , unimaginative direction from Michael Winner who wastes an outstanding cast with a screenplay massing crater - sized plot - holes . Not to mention , it 's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story.<br /><br />Model Cristina Raines moves into a high - rise owned by the Catholic Church with a creepy , blind priest John Carradine , who holes up in there always at the window . She begins to suffer faint spells and nausea . What 's worse is tenants she meets in the building such as Burgess Meredith(with a cat and a canary!)and a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian . Ava Gardner(looking great at 55)is the Realtor who showed Raines the place . Cristina 's lover is Chris Sarandon , whose wife " committed suicide " after finding out they were having an affair . José Ferrer has a small role as the " Priest of the Brotherhood " who informs Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he heads to the very high - rise not only housing Carradine but Raines as well . Sarandon sends a hired - hand up to the high - rise one night to check out a certain room above Cristina 's apartment where she heard metallic clanging and other loud racket . He winds up dead the very same night Cristina " kills " her DEAD father in a nightmare . Screaming mad on the street , Cristina does indeed have blood on her which leads police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate them with sure certainty that it all somehow leads back to Sarandon who is a hot - shot lawyer who once beat the cop in court regarding the whole wife 's suicide . That case is really a motivating factor is Wallach 's dogged approach to finding out whose blood was really on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it . You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this type of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this certain room that has become available in the very room(now renovated)that Cristina once stayed in ! What bothers me more than anything is lack of explanation . Towards the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they just up and quit investigating . Their characters are just left on the back - burner . How the priests know that " now is the time " when a certain man will die and must be replaced to guard a certain gate in that high - rise and why Cristina suffers through the trauma she does is n't adequately explained . How certain ghosts just appear to Cristina and disappear when she tries to show Gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat 's birthday(see for yourself)isn't adequately explained . Not to mention Gardner 's role in the grand scheme of things .. she brings people to that high - rise , but what is really her reasons in the film ? It seems like this film should 've been longer and cleared things up left lost to a rushed conclusion that is just laughable when it should be scary .
0 A so common horror story about a luxury building at Brooklyn which hides the gates to hell . It is reminiscent of Polanski 's " The Tenant " ( released a year before " The sentinel " ) , but is too far from the movie of the polish filmmaker in any aspect possible . " The tenant " was so disturbing , whereas " The sentinel " is not at all.<br /><br />What it 's more surprising from this film is the cast : it is full of great names of American cinema ( Burguess , Gardner , Wallach ) , veteran actors acting for food ( I guess).<br /><br />Verdict : barely entertaining.<br /><br />*My rate : 4/10
0 This Italian movie is basically a soap opera with skin.<br /><br />The VHS box said it was rated " R " but the into on the actual tape inside said it was " X. " The latter makes a lot more sense because there is a short scene near the end that was shocking . Even in the dark , you could see Dutch actress Marishcka Detmers performing all sex on this guy - and , yes , you could see his penis in her mouth . I read somewhere that this was the first time where a " mainline actress " had done something like this on screen.<br /><br />Detmers parades around in the nude on several scenes but her face was even better than her body . She looked beautiful . Unfortunately , the movie is ugly .... a real waste of time and certainly not recommended despite Detmers ' looks .
0 I saw this " hot " movie when it came out in 1986 . It had a X rating for a brief scene involving oral sex but played in mainstream theatres ( it was an " art " film ) . Supposedly it 's the first film to ever show a respected actress in an explicit sex scene.<br /><br />What I saw was a boring tale about a high school boy ( Federico Pitzalis ) in love ( understandably ) with an older woman ( Maruschka Detmers ) . As has been mentioned before Detmers is very beautiful with a good body BUT she also gave a very good performance . Pitzalis was ( to put it mildly ) pretty poor . It 's no wonder he never made another movie . Still , despite the infamous sex scene ( which is explicit but pretty brief ) , this a slow moving dull story which bored me silly . The good acting by Detmers only helped to a certain point . Mostly I was looking at my watch waiting patiently for it to end . If it did n't have that sequence this movie would have been forgotten long ago . Dull and slow . You can skip this one .
0 Truly terrible , pretentious , endless film . Director Bellocchio seems to be infatuated with the pretty face and figure of his actress Detmers - and who can blame him ? But maybe , just maybe , he should have focused his attention a little more on making a good , engaging film . I hate it when a sex film poses as an " art film " just to become more " respectable " . The frequent , occasionally hot sex scenes are the only reason for this movie 's existence . Whether or not they are worth sitting through the rest of the picture is strictly a matter of taste . ( * )
0 With the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train , this was 94 minutes of jaw - dropping horribleness ! The acting was atrocious , but the story is what I really found appalling . The acting was wooden and stilted , even by early talkies standards ( the exceptions being Lee Tracy and HB Warner , neither of whom can do wrong ) . Rose Hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless as Julie ( as she likewise was in 1932 's Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde , an otherwise excellent flick ) . And the rest of the cast was worse , there being no words to describe their awfulness . < br /><br />Worse than the acting , however , was the story . For some unknown reason , Julie loves Liliom , a cad and user of women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . He marries Julie but does n't support her , instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with his low - life criminal pal ( Lee Tracy ) . And , oh yeah , he never has a kind word to say to Julie and he regularly beats her . Julie loves him nonetheless and continually makes excuses for him , which only seems to make him more abusive . What 's even sicker is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story . Somehow we are supposed to see Julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems Liliom . WTF ? < br /><br />The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom has killed himself ( a robbery plot goes awry and Liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken in by the police ) . As he lay dying , he tells Julie " I beat you all the time , but I 'm not sorry for it . " When he at last dies , she finally tells him she loves him . ( Neither character ever said " I love you " to the other while they were alive . ) After his death , God 's Chief Magistrate gives Liliom one more day on earth so that he can " do something good " for his unborn daughter . The price for this is 10 years in hell . After 10 years , Liliom is allowed one day on earth to see his now 10-yr - old daughter . He approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to cajole her into letting him " do something good " for her ; he tries to get her to play cards , he tries to give her Gabriel 's horn , but she 's not interested and rebuffs him . So he slaps her . He . Slaps . Her . And then he disappears back to the afterlife . Looking on , we see his daughter tell Julie about this . The girl says the slap did n't hurt , that it felt like a kiss . This is supposed to be the movie 's magical moment . The girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible , and Julie replies that " someone can be beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all . " Then the music swells and Liliom rides up to heaven in the celestial train . BLECH ! < br /><br />There was one saving grace to this film , and that is the interview between the Chief Magistrate ( HB Warner was truly magnificent here ) and Liliom on the celestial train . The Magistrate had some very profound things to say to Liliom about life and second chances and death . This scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars . Regarding Liliom 's suicide as a means for escaping his problems , the Magistrate says " People suppose that when they die , their difficulties are ended for them . You thought that by killing yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities . It is not as simple as that . On Earth your name is still spoken ; your face is still remembered . As long as one is left who remembers you , so long is the matter unended . Until you have been completely forgotten , you will not be finished with the Earth , even though you are dead . " Some great sublime transcendental stuff amongst some of the most horrible trash I 've ever seen . < br /><br />By the way , this story has apparently been filmed many times both as " Liliom " and as the musical " Carousel . "
0 Predictable parody , just about failed to impress throughout it 's looooooong eight minutes . The only thing that made it worthwhile was the DO NOT COLORIZE line at the end credits . Shame something more entertaining was n't put on the DVD , like Jonathan Ross ' enjoyable profile of Romero on ' The Incredible Strange Film Show . '
0 This short spoof can be found on Elite 's Millennium Edition DVD of " Night of the Living Dead " . Good thing to as I would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it . Replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper . In execution , it 's a different matter . This short did n't even elicit a chuckle from me . I really never thought I 'd say this , but " Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil , Mutant , Alien , Flesh Eating , Hellbound , Zombified Living Dead Part 2 : In Shocking 2-D " was a VERY better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.<br /><br />My Grade : F
0 ' Utter Crap ' pretty well sums up what this .... "movie " was . I 'd rather examine the colon of an African elephant with a penlight than sit through this again . I think I 've wasted enough time watching this " movie " - I do n't need to waste more by commenting on it further ......
0 This movie is not as good as all think . the actors are lowlevel and the story is very comic - like . I respect fantasy but Lord of the Rings is fantasy ... Conan .. is fantasy ... THIS IS JUST NORMAL HK - LOWPRICE - ENTERTAINMENT ... Why did they include this Splatter - tongue , it makes everything worse . The only good thing is the cinematography and the cutter 's Job .
0 This film may have been the biggest let - down I 've experienced in renting movies based on IMDb reviews . Overall , I simply found this to be a second - rate movie.<br /><br />Leslie Cheung is certainly passable as the antihero and Ma Wu handles his character with cheerful competence . On the other hand , Ma Wu 's makeup ( facial hair ) is so obviously phony that I simply could not take him seriously . He looked like an overweight teenager dressed up for Halloween , complete with the $ 4.95 stick - on beard.<br /><br />The special effects were so - so , though the " undead " in the cellar were pretty good . The tree - tongue looked like something from a bad 1950s monster flick , though the POV shots from the tongue 's view more closely resembled Sam Raimi 's trademark shots in the more recent " Evil Dead " trilogy . The pyrotechnics were ho - hum and the final battle is about as dull as you can get . ( In fact , it most closely reminded me of the " Lost in Space " episode where the Robinsons are caught in a sandstorm and .... ) < br /><br />The plot was not particularly original and has been told countless times in the form of European fairy tales . There was no suspense and no plot twists . In fact , you know right away as you are introduced to the characters who is good , who is bad , and who is going to survive.<br /><br />I just returned this film to Netflix and then I sat down to write this review . The very first thing I did was check the production date . Yep , it says 1987 ... not the 1967 that I thought it might be . And that pretty much sums it up : The production values and FX are typical of the 1960s . The plot and action seem much older , as Hollywood was actually producing some interesting and challenging films in the 60s.<br /><br / > * * out of * * * * *
0 " The house of the spirits " is quite awful . I live in South America , in a country that suffered a military dictatorship just like the one the movie tries to describe , and even though everyone knows movies may be far far away from reality , this particular movie treats viewers as both ignorant and stupid . Things are not so simple and linear as appears here , and of course political process are much more complicated and interesting that the plot in " The house ... " . If you ca n't show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all . There are a lot of examples of how can politics be seriously taken in cinema , without so many commonplaces . In some parts I felt that Carmen Miranda may appear within parrots and palm trees . When you talk about certain things you must be not only careful but respectful to your public 's intelligence .
0 We all know a movie never does complete justice to the book , but this is exceptional . Important characters were cut out , Blanca and Alba were essentially mushed into the same character , most of the subplots and major elements of the main plot were eliminated . Clara 's clairvoyance was extremely downplayed , making her seem like a much more shallow character than the one I got to know in the book . In the book we learn more about her powers and the important effects she had on so many people , which in turn was a key element in the life of the family . In the movie she was no more than some special lady . The relationship between Esteban and Pedro Tercero ( Tercero - third- , by the way , is the son and thus comes after Segundo - second- ) and its connections to that between Esteban and his grandson from Pancha García ( not son , who he also did recognize ) is chopped in half and its importance downplayed.<br /><br />One of the most fundamental things about the book that the film is all but stripped of : this is called " The House of the Spirits . " Where is the house ? The story of 3 - 4 generations of a family is supposed to revolve around the " big house on the corner , " a line stated so many times in the novel . The house in fundamental to the story , but the movie unjustly relegates it to a mere backdrop.<br /><br />If I had n't read the book before , I would have never guessed that such a sappy , shallow movie could be based on such a rich and entertaining novel .
0 This movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful . A beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film . Many changes have been made to the storyline , presumably to streamline the timeframe . But what results is simply confusing . The acting ca n't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters ' motives for their behavior . Plus , the conversion to English does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch EsTEban as ESteban . Horrible . Please please please read the gorgeous novel , in Spanish if possible . DON'T SEE THIS FILM . It will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience .
0 I read the novel some years ago and I liked it a lot . when I saw the movie I could n't believe it ... They changed everything I liked about the novel , even the plot . I wonder what did Isabel Allende ( author ) say about the movie , but I think it sucks ! ! !
0 This movie is a good example of how to ruin a book in 109 minutes . Except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book . A book full of strong Latino characters and they are represent , for the most part , by non - Latinos . There is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters . And to delete a complete generation is inexcusable . Isabel Allende has written a powerful book and the book is what should be read !
0 The direction struck me as poor man 's Ingemar Bergman . The inaudible dialogue was annoying . The somber stoicism that all characters except Banderas ' showed made me think they were drugged . I think the director ruined it for me .
0 I regret that I 've seen this movie . Ca n't believe that the creator of Best Intentions and Pelle the Conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film . What a waste !
0 Isabel Allende 's magical , lyrical novel about three generations of an aristocratic South American family was vandalized . The lumbering oaf of a movie that resulted -- largely due to a magnificent cast of Anglo actors completely unable to carry off the evasive Latin mellifluousness of Allende 's characters , and a plodding Scandinavian directorial hand -- was so uncomfortable in its own skin that I returned to the theater a second time to make certain I had not missed something vital that might change my opinion . To my disappointment , I had not missed a thing . None among Meryl Streep , Jeremy Irons , Glenn Close and Vanessa Redgrave could wiggle free of the trap set for them by director Bille August . All of them looked perfectly stiff and resigned , as if , by putting forth as little effort as possible , they expected to fade unnoticed into lovely period sets . ( Yes , the film was art directed within an inch of its life . ) Curious that the production designer was permitted the gaffe of placing KFC products prominently in a scene that occurs circa 1970 - -years before KFC came into being . Back then , it was known by its original name : Kentucky Fried Chicken . Even pardoning that , what on earth is Kentucky Fried Chicken doing in a military dictatorship in South America in 1970 ? American fast food chains did not hit South America until the early 1980s . " The House of the Spirits " should have been the motion picture event of 1993 . Because it was so club - footed and slavishly faithful to its vague idea of what the novel represented , Miramax had to market it as an art film . As a result , it was neither event nor art . And for that , Isabel Allende should have pressed charges for rape .
0 When I found out there was a movie that had both my favorite actresses Meryl Streep and Wynona Ryder , I went through the roof!But I had a hard fall after watching this lame movie and I still have the bruise . First of all the character that Jeremy Irons ( an actor I still admire even after this disappointment)plays was just awful . He treated his family like crap , especially his sister , played by Glenn Close . I could not get close or sympathize with any of the characters and I 'm no prude , but the sex scenes were really unnecessary or they could have been toned down . Wynona and Antonio 's characters could have been developed a lot more and their romance could have been much more passionate . And what was with Meryl 's character and her " mystical powers " ? Why did n't they go into this more ? This film had a lot of dead ends and the bottom line is that this is a really lousy movie and there was a lot of wasted talent here .
0 There 's enough star power in THE HOUSE OF SPIRITS to create another galaxy , yet the final product is pretty debatable . The film and its messages are very noble , and I think perhaps most would agree with them . ( Liberal Democracy good , violent fascist regime bad ; open - mindedness good , racism bad , etc ) . Unfortunately , we 're battered from head to toe with these , and as much subtlety is used as I 've described them . < br /><br />Ultimately , we are left watching very noble people without any flaws squaring off with nasty cretins who have no redeeming qualities . It radiates with all the suspense of a badly orchestrated " pro " wrestling match.<br /><br />Jeremy Irons plays the patron , a man of many contradictions . Meryl Streep as his gifted bride and Glenn Close , as her sister in law . When the camera stays with these folks , the movie tends to move , and is quite enjoyable . Unfortunately , THE HOUSE OF SPIRITS engages with simply way too many subplots , and characters pop up and out of the picture like shooting gallery targets . We do n't get to know them , hence we do n't get to care for them . The result is boredom . < br /><br />If Bille August , the director and screenwriter ( from Isabel Allende 's book ) had either lengthened the film or snipped a few characters , this film might have worked completely . As it stands , it was a nice try , with nice messages , and a bonecrushing yawnfest.<br /><br />Not recommended .
0 I 'm glad I rented this movie for one reason : its shortcomings made me want to read Allende 's book and get the full story . < br /><br />Pros : the movie is beautiful , the period is depicted well and consistently ( to the best of my knowledge ) , and Meryl and Glenn do good jobs.<br /><br />Cons : This is the worst acting job I 've ever seen from Jeremy Irons -- I kept wondering if something was wrong with his mouth . ( And I hate the terribly English way he says " Transito . " ) Winona Ryder does nothing believable except look young and idealistic . Most of the other performances are OK , but so few things hang together in the character arcs and the relationship development that I was frustrated and angry well before the end . < br /><br />I'm very curious now whether this movie is typical of Bille August 's work . I may have to drop another couple of bucks to rent Smilla 's Sense of Snow .
0 I managed to sneak away one night and go to the movie theater to see this one , thinking I was in for a treat . Boy , was I wrong . Considering the talent involved , this has to be one of the worst movies I 've ever seen . Everyone in it was miscast , and I find it incredible to read on this site that there are people out there who actually liked it .
0 Forget Plan 9 , this is the ultimate fiasco , a costume drama , ineptly directed , scripted , acted , etc . This film is based on Isabel Allende 's not - so - much - better novel . I hate Meryl Streep and Antonio Banderas ( in non - Spanish films ) , and the other actors , including Winona , my favourite actress and Jeremy Irons try hard to get over such a terrible script . Plenty of mistakes ( like , for example , since when does it snow in Xmas in Chile ? ) and very cruel , with tons of that evil named " magic realism " , this stands out as the worst movie of all time . It totally sucks ! ! !
0 I confess -- Emma , in my opinion , is the single greatest novel ever written . It is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be . Jane Austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.<br /><br />Unfortunately , this is at best a palimpsest.<br /><br />Comparison to the Gwyneth Paltrow version is inevitable -- that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch.<br /><br />There are some good elements here -- Kate Berkinsale ( having previously played Flora Poste in Cold Comfort Farm , clearly Emma 's smarter spiritual twin ) is a wonderful Emma . Raymond Coulthard makes an appropriately decorative Frank Churchill . The production is handsome , but the interiors are far too dark.<br /><br />However , there are several major problems . The first is Mark Strong -- first of all , he does n't look right for Mr. Knightley . This is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious Victorian parson . It 's badly out of tune.<br /><br />The second problem is one of length . Simply put , the film is much too short -- to get the right kind of feel , it would need to be twice as long.<br /><br />Finally , and most significantly , there is the quality of the adaptation . Austen is an adapter 's dream -- all the dialogue is there already . It only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly . Andrew Davies seems to think otherwise . First , this is a rather gloomy film , and the last thing Emma should be is gloomy . More significantly , Davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast . What planet , or minor work of Thomas Hardy , is this come from ? It is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel . And I believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon -- perfection.<br /><br />Watch the Paltrow version , or watch Kate in Cold Comfort Farm .
0 Emma is my favourite Jane Austen novel - Emma is well - meaning despite her flaws , so readers can forgive and love her , and the relationship she has with Mr Knightley , which is warm , familiar , respectful but playful , generating that warm , fuzzy , romantic excitement . Mr Knightley is the perfect man , and Emma is as close as you could get in those times to an independent , clever , confident woman - remember , she is only 21 , and was sure to have matured and grown out of her flaws . Who does n't want to be Emma ? Who does n't want to be told off by Mr Knightley ? This version of Emma gives you no sense of the things that I love about Emma . I could n't even finish watching it , I just found it so awful . I could n't see that warm , generous side of Emma , which drives the reader to love her : The patience and warmth she shows to her father ; the closeness between her and Mrs Weston , which demonstrates her willingness to put her friend 's happiness above her own ( as she sacrifices the only equal companion in her household by forwarding Miss Taylors marriage ) . Mr Woodhouse 's character in this adaptation just appears bizarre , rather than just quaint , elderly and a bit trying.<br /><br />This adaptation most importantly fails bring to life the relationship between Mr Knightley and Emma . Their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection : Mr Knightley is indulgent of Emma 's minor faults trusting that her intelligence and genuine care for others will never allow her to go terribly astray ; and Emma looks up to him , though playfully hiding this and continuing to use her own judgement . The dressing down he gives her right at the beginning of the show completely overstates the argument between them , and ruins all possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as I 've described above . Mr Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring to life the sexual tension between the leads ( or to inspire any admiration from the female viewers).<br /><br />Really horrible . I ca n't understand why anyone who truly like the novel Emma could like it , unless it miraculously redeems itself after the point I switched it off .
0 This is indeed a god adaptation of Jane Austen 's novel . Compared with the American Version with Guinneth Paltrow , the script was written to resemble as much as possible the book . But the acting was awful . Besides Kate Beckinsale , who I believe was a true likeness of the Emma in the book , all the other actors were trying too hard . Mark Strong was not the " gentleman " he was supposed to be . He was often rude and offensive , had no feeling whatsoever , and throughout the entire film you could not see his love " growing " for Emma at all . This had a terrible effect on Kate Beckinsale , who seemed to be trying to " resque " her leading role as well as her partner 's . Moreover , there was no chemistry between the entire cast . Hariett Smith , played by Samantha Morton , seemed to have no real attachment to Mr. Elton , played by Dominic Rowan . Therefore , she did not seem as heartbroken as she was portrayed in the book . The settings of the film are also too poor . The costumes are even more so . I would have imagined Emma Woodhouse to dress in a more fashionable and elegant way that she does here . The ending is also too long . It is good that it resembles the book 's ending , but it is a killer ending for a film . And again , I can see no feeling of happiness in the face of Mr . Knightley . To conclude , I believed this adaptation to be loyal to the book , but with poor actors . It seemed as if the film was made without any budget at all . I would prefer to see the " lighter " version with Paltrow and Northam , even if it is clear that it was made to be a " blockbuster " , than to watch these actors ( excepting the good Olivia Williams and the better Kate Beckinsale ) ruin the entire script .
0 The script is nice . Though the casting is absolutely non - watchable . No style . the costumes do not look like some from the High Highbury society . Comparing Gwyneth Paltrow with Kate Beckinsale I can only say that Ms. Beckinsale speaks British English better than Ms. Paltrow , though in Ms. Paltrow 's acting lies the very nature of Emma Woodhouse . Mr. Northam undoubtedly is the best Mr. Knightley of all versions , he is romantic and not at all sharp - looking and unfeeling like Mr. Knightley in the TV - version . P.S.The spectator can not see at all Mr. Elton - Ms . Smith relationship 's development as it was in the motion version , so one can not understand where was all Emma 's trying of make a Elton - Smith match ( besides of the portrait ) .
0 As someone who has read the book , I can say that this is vastly inferior to the big American version starring Gwyneth Paltrow . There are various reasons for this . Firstly , Emma is too unpleasant . Yes , she has faults , and is n't the easiest person to like - but the viewer should n't downright start to despise her . Secondly , Mr Knightly is miscast . His brooding and melancholy in this version are better suited to a Bronte or Gaskell adaptation than Austen , and throw the mood of the whole affair " off " . Thirdly , Samantha Morton is too strong an actress to be relegated to the role of Harriet ; and why was she made to look so sickly ? Harriet is supposed to be blonde and blooming - not to look as if she 's going to be carried off by consumption in the next scene . Fourthly , the structure has been mucked up and scenes cut . At the end , when Emma decides she loves Mr Knightly , it comes across as utterly baffling because this narrative has n't been adequately shown and carried along throughout the film . Fifthly , what was going on , exactly , with Mrs Elton 's accent ? She went from sounding like an American actress trying to suppress her own accent at the beginning , to all out American half - way through , and then back to English at the end . Finally , this dragged at the end . The book and the big film version end with the wedding of Emma and Mr Knightly . This version drags on confusingly after the announcement of the wedding without actually showing us the ceremony.<br /><br />All in all , a rather haphazard attempt . Read the book or rent the Paltrow version instead
0 Where do I start ? Per the title of this film I expected some degree of authenticity , in the end I was severally let down . This is not the story of Lale Andersen or the song Lili Marlene , rather it is a Hollywood ( or pick your film making hub ) story loosely based on some real life characters . I should have had a clue when I heard a heavy English accent giving the intro to the movie in German ; the blood red text ( title , artists ) should have been the 2nd clue . The story line is contrived ( Lale was not tricked out of Switzerland Rolf Liebermann 's parents , there is no info that Liebermann helped smuggle Jews from Germany , the original song had been recorded outside of the control of the NS regime not while under control , the record played at the station was picked up in Vienna while a Lt . was there on leave , etc , etc ) the costumes are poor and incorrect for the time frames ( SS black uniforms used every where from border guards to staff positions , these went away from daily use once the war started , etc ) , the characters are stereo types ( SA bullies in a club once they were essentially out of power ) . Do n't waste your time .
0 I am terribly sorry , I know that Faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post - war Germany and that most of his films are considered " master - pieces " , but when I see " Lili Marleen " today , in 2004 , I wonder what everyone is up and away about this movie ! The acting is simply terrible - Hanna Schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot ! - , the changings between Nazi - glamour and battlefields are ridiculous , the whole film looks as if it was made within two days in an attic . Probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for " real art " , but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap . Compare this to Viscontis " La Caduta degli Dei " and tell me again that " Lili Marleen " is a good movie ...
0 Labored comedy has I.R.S. agent Tony Randall investigating eccentric farm family in Maryland who have never paid their taxes ; Debbie Reynolds is the tomboy farmer 's daughter who puts the squeeze on the not - so - disinterested tax - man . Debbie certainly made her share of inferior theatrical sitcoms during this period -- and this one 's no better or worse than the rest . Picture begins brightly but flags at the halfway point , becoming frantic and witless . Randall is n't a bad match for Reynolds , but the vehicle itself defeats the chemistry . Based on the novel " The Darling Buds of May " by H.E. Bates , with a poor sound - mix causing all the actors to sound as if they 're stuck in an echo chamber . * * from * * * *
0 Well . Astronaut Steve West sits in a plastic space capsule , commenting that " you have n't lived until you 've seen the sun through the rings of Saturn " , all the while the obvious mid - day sunlight is streaming through the window , when suddenly he has a nose bleed . Next , West is back home in some secret hospital , a melting gelatinous mass who goes berserk and causes a chunky nurse to run through a fake glass door . Apparently , West " gets stronger as he melts " , which makes about as much sense as anything in this hopelessly purile , adle - brained moovie . Then this dopey " Army Brass " , who looks kind of like Coleman Francis ( director of many bad moovies ) tries to cover the info up , but goo man runs around killing everyone he sees because he is melting . He attacks a bickering old couple because he is melting . He makes one terrible actress scream and moan helplessly for about 10 minutes because he is melting . He is melting because he is melting . The fx by the slumming Rick Baker are supposed to be the star here , but they just look hokey . The film is poorly shot and everything looks so dark and muddled that it 's very difficult making out what 's what - not that it would help any . MooCow says who cut the cheese with this one ? ? : = 8P ps - " Did n't you get any crackers ? "
0 Once upon a time some evil people made a movie about a guy that got shot into space , supposedly to go to Saturn , but really only to some stock footage of solar flares , and then he gets a nose bleed , and before you know it , he 's laying in a hospital bandaged head to foot , and then an overweight nurse with an ill - fitting uniform comes in and gets eaten by the guy , whose supposed to be melting all over the place but never seems to lose any mass , and then NASA , or at least one guy at NASA , gets upset about it and calls one other guy in to hunt him down , but the guy they sent to hunt the melting guy has to go home and have soup first , and his oddly - shaped wife forgot the crackers , so he ca n't have crackers , and then he has to go out and look for the melting guy with a geiger counter , and that does n't really work , so he really only follows the trail of half - eaten corpses , and then there 's something about a sheriff , and two ugly old people in a lemon grove , and a women with a meat cleaver , and some kind of industrial plant with trigger - happy security guards , and since I ca n't tell you how the movies ends , all I can say is Jonathan Demme is in it somewhere with some guy with the stupid name of Burr DeBenning , and if there 's any justice in the world everyone connected with this movie died a hideous , violent death and was unable to make more movies , and the world lived HAPPILY EVER AFTER - THE END !
0 The Incredible Melting Man plays like an extended episode of The Six Million Dollar Man , but with violence and some nudity . I know this film is a bit crummy but I found it impossible not to kind of like it.<br /><br />The acting and script are not the best . But the effects are good for a 30 year old movie with a budget of $ 50 - the title character takes quite a while to actually melt but when he does it 's reasonably impressive ; we also have one inventive death scene involving electrocution . Of note too is the music , it 's insane - a cheese - tastic medley of nonsense.<br /><br />Notable highlights : < br /><br / > * Marvel at the slow - motion nurse who jumps through a pane of glass for absolutely no reason whatsoever.<br /><br / > * Be amazed by a day in the life of a severed head.<br /><br / > * Beware of the psychotic cannibalistic melting humanoid . Called Steve.<br /><br / > * Be astonished when our hero takes a break from hunting the melting lunatic to have a bowl of soup and complain about insufficient crackers in the kitchen.<br /><br />This film is just too 70 's for me to hate it . It 's tacky and trashy but I thought it was a lot of fun . You could do a lot worse .
0 I was thinking that the main character , the astronaut with the bad case of the runs(in his case , his skin , hair , muscles , etc ) could always get more movie work after he 'd been reduced to a puddle . All he has to do is get a job as the Blob . The premise of this flick is pretty lame . An astronaut gets exposed to sunspot radiation(I think ) , and so begins to act like an ice cream cone on a hot day . Not only is this a puzzler , but apparently he has to kill humans and consume their flesh so that he can maintain some kind of cell integrity . Huh ? Have you ever noticed that whenever any kind of radiation accident or experiment happens , the person instantly turns into a killing machine ? Why is that?<br /><br />The astronaut lumbers off into the night from the ' secret facility'(which has no security whatsoever ) , shedding parts of himself as he goes . Apparently he retains just enough memory to make him head for the launch pad , maybe because he wanted to return to space . < br /><br />Thus begins the part of the movie that 's pretty much filler , with a doctor wandering around with a Geiger counter , trying to find the melting man by the buzz he gives off . He kills a stupid Bill Gates look - alike fisherman , scares a little girl a la the Frankenstein monster movie , and finishes off a wacky older couple(punishing them karmically for stealing some lemons ) . Then there 's a short scene where he whacks his former General , and a very long scene where he kills a young pothead and chases his girlfriend around . You 'd think that after she cuts his arm off and he run away , the scene would shift . But no ... we're treated to about ten minutes of the woman huddled into a corner panting and screaming in terror , even though the monster is gone . All I could think was .. director 's girlfriend , anyone?<br /><br />The end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it . The melting man finishes turning into a pile of goo , and then ... nothing . That 's it . That 's the end of the movie . Well , at least that meant that there was no room for a sequel .
0 Want to watch a scary horror film ? Then steer clear of this one . There 's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable.<br /><br />However , there is enough scotch . Single - malt , if you can manage it.<br /><br />If the previous comments were n't enough to keep you from watching this film sober , allow me to assist . NASA sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit Saturn . A really big solar flare causes Colonel Steve West to bleed from the nose . Things go downhill from there , and wackiness ensues.<br /><br />I actually read the book adaptation , which was published and released only in the UK . MILES better than the film , and the book was dreadful . At least some pretense is made towards suspense , and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author 's ( rhymes with ' gas').<br /><br />Not to say that the film is completely without merit . Rick Baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film , and Jonathan Demme found that he 's really better suited to direct.<br /><br />Yes , there is an MST3 K episode featuring this flick , but it is , of course , edited quite a bit . Without the obligatory flashing of the breasts , not even the healing power of scotch can save you.<br /><br />Please , just go watch Raiders of the Lost Ark if you want to see a guy melt . See Space Cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts . I can not , in all good conscience , recommend this film to the sober film - going public .
0 I think that my favorite part of this movie , the one that exemplifies the sheer pointless , stupidity and inanity of the proceedings , comes at the climax of the film . DOCTOR TED NELSON and his unmarried friend the Sheriff have finally cornered the Melting Man on a landing on some stairs in an electrical generating plant . Keep in mind that Nelson has been looking for the MM for nearly the entire film , and that the MM has killed and eaten several people at this point ( including his boss ) , and Nelson is very aware that MM is violently insane and hungry for human flesh and blood.<br /><br />So the Sheriff has his gun pointed at MM , who is , and I give the movie and Rick Baker props for this , the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form that we have ever seen . And he yells a very important question to DOCTOR TED NELSON : " WHAT DO WE DO NOW ? ! ? ! ? " < br /><br />The camera cuts over to DOCTOR TED NELSON , and it 's obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next . Apparently Ted was so intent on the problem of FINDING the Melting Man , he never thought to bring along some restraining devices , a lasso , or straitjacket , or a net , or some tranquilizer darts , or maybe a New Age tape by Vangelis to soothe the savage beast.<br /><br />So the sheriff panics and shoots , the Melting Man goes berserk , and hilarity ensues . < br /><br />Maybe this explains why NASA has been screwing around with the Space Shuttle program in sub - lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going back to the Moon or out to Mars like everyone knows they OUGHT to be doing . I dunno.<br /><br />Anyway , that 's the kind of lousy , lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie . It 's hard to say how good the actors actually are , because the movie has complete contempt for their characters.<br /><br />Two other incredibly painful sequences also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings : There is a scene featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove , only to be torn apart by the Melting Man . This scene is a nadir in 70s cinema . I can guarantee you 've never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking people in your entire life . And the Melting Man 's assault on the lady who lives in the house where they keep a horse who pees on the walls defies every attempt to process it.(BTW , I think famous film director Jonathon Demme has a walk - on in this scene as the redneck husband who goes in first to check on the house and never comes out again ) . The only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery is that , as I said , their horse has apparently been peeing on it . And we are forced to watch her hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any SANE film director would hold the shot . < br /><br />Burr DeBenning ought to beat the crap out of IMM 's director and photographer . I remember him from an old Columbo episode where he looked MUCH better than he does here - no one 's idea of a leading man , but solid and unobtrusive . But no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here . < br /><br />Everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple ( and shut up , I know they were being played for laughs , but I ai n't laughing ! ) but not much . < br /><br />This definitely falls into the ' So Bad You Ca n't Look Away ' category of cinema disasters . Still , I 'd watch it again before I 'd watch a lot of other 70 's and 80 's abortions ( " Track of The Moonbeast " and " It Lives By Night " come to mind ) , and MST 's coverage of it is great fun , so if you get a chance , watch the MST version .
0 A truly unpleasant film . While Rick Baker 's special effects are quite impressive ( if stomach - turning ) , it has no other redeeming features . Like many 70s movies , it leaves you feeling as if you need to take a long shower , and scrub the slime off of yourself . The characters are uniformly unpleasant , and plot makes no sense .
0 I have always wanted to see this because I love cheesy horror movies and with a title like this , I was sure " The Incredible Melting Man " would be a lot of fun.<br /><br />It really was n't . I mean , the acting was entertainingly bad , the script contained some classic bad lines and the special effects looked like someone had sneezed all over the lead actor , so I should have loved it . Unfortunately it 's really draggy between these highlights . I decided to watch the last half of the movie while doing my tax return . That 's how boring this film is.<br /><br />Nevertheless , if you love bad movies you will enjoy the dramatic exit of the Fat Nurse , and the stellar acting of the guy who plays Dr. Ted . To be fair to the poor man , he does have to deliver some amazingly inept lines with straight face - like the conversation he has with his wife on tracking down the I M Man:<br /><br />"I'll find him with a geiger counter . " " Is he radioactive ? " " Just a little bit . " < br /><br />Yes , the plot has Dr. Ted wandering about trying to find a superstrong zombie killing machine armed only with what looks like a mini - Dyson . He 's a brave man . Unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree . " Oh god - it 's his ear ! " says Dr. Ted to the audience . I 'm so glad he cleared that up . < br /><br />I realise I 'm making this movie sound rather fun . It would be if it were only 10 minutes long , but unfortunately it goes on and on , and the Incredible Melting Dude just dangles about making a sticky mess when he should be eating more people in my opinion . I think if you were truly stoned you would probably love it , just do n't have pop - tarts during the movie , because the lead actor really does resemble one near the end .
0 I have begun to melt so I will make this review as short and sweet as possible.<br /><br />There 's this astronaut , and he goes up in a spacecraft with two other guys , ya know ? Except something happens that exposes him to radiation , and then when they come back ... well , never mind what happened to the other guys , but our astronaut has begun to melt ! No , not just burn up , but MELT ! Like an ice cream cone in July ! Well OK maybe not that fast , but ya know what I mean.<br /><br />Anyway , he gets all red & gooey , and the fact that he 's melting makes him really mad . I guess he also checked out the " melting man " handbook because suddenly he knows that in order to keep from totally melting away , he has to eat human flesh , so he starts ripping people apart.<br /><br />There are other characters , but in a movie where a man melts and melts and melts ( and melts ) , do you really need any others ? What 's important is WHO will he munch next , and WHAT will be left of them ? HOW long will it take for him to just melt away to nothing ? WHY was this movie made in the first place ? WHERE did they get the money ? WHEN will you fall asleep while watching it?<br /><br />I've very nearly melted , but I still have enough time left to tell you that this movie is dreadfully boring , even though the idea is really cool and kind of gross . The makeup is neat but everything else is ... SPLAT
0 I managed to grab a viewing of this with the aid of MST3 K , and oh boy , even with the riffing this movie was excruciatingly bad . Imagine someone whose competence with a camera could be out done by a monkey.<br /><br />The highlights ( what little there were ) came from the special effects , which were " OK " . The acting for the most part was also " OK " ; though nothing special , it was of a higher quality than other B - Movies I have seen in the past.<br /><br />The rest of this movie is dismally bad , The camera work often looks like they 've just put the camera man on roller skates and pushed him along . The story ( if it can be called that ) is so full of holes it 's almost funny , It never really explains why the hell he survived in the first place , or needs human flesh in order to survive . The script is poorly written and the dialogue verges on just plane stupid . The climax to movie ( if there is one ) is absolutely laughable.<br /><br />If you ca n't find the MST3 K version , avoid this at all costs .
0 Is this a stupid movie ? You bet ! ! I could not find any moment in this film that was creepy or scary . Stupid moments ? Plenty . Stupid characters ? You bet . Bad effects ? Everywhere ! Rick Baker may have gone and done bigger and better things , this is not one of them . Oh well people got ta start somewhere . Dr. Ted Nelson is cheesed . He is the most whiny doctor I 've ever seen . He 's got a melting man running amok out in Ventura County somewhere , he 's not overly happy that his wife is pregnant ( probably cause she 's 55 years old and weighs 90 lbs ) and there 's no crackers to be found anywhere . Plus he 's got the not - too - helpful general on his hinder wanting to find astronaut Steve . And the local sheriff wants to know what 's going on even though Mr. Nelson ca n't tell him anything . There also some random characters thrown in for good measure who encounter the melting man . Eventually the movie ends and out monster gets scooped into a trash can to become compost . In the end it 's just what you need for a great MST episode .
0 This movie was n't just bad - it was terrible . After I watched it , I actually felt the need to TAKE A SHOWER to get the filth off of me . There is running ' gag ' with an elderly couple making out , it is not funny , but it is disgusting . The monster make up was cool , but that is all . The continuity errors alone will have you angry - at least I was . The editing is really poor.<br /><br />Almost anything else you could possibly do would be better than spending time watching this movie . Even if your group of friends are into ' bad movies ' this one is exceptional in its ineptitude , I could n't even bring myself to laugh at it . You have been warned .
0 Many moons ago when I was seven years old , I can vaguely remember seeing a trailer for this movie . It appealed to my naive sense of curiosity and I decided to ask my parents to take me to this movie . Being the wise adults that they are , they told me " Absolutely not ! It 's a bunch of trash . " Of course , I was very disappointed that I would not be the first kid on my block to see the " Incredible Melting Man." < br /><br />Little time passed - maybe a couple of days . I forgot about " The Incredible Melting Man " and my disappointment faded . Twenty - five years passed until it re - entered the forefront of my thoughts . While surfing through channels on digital cable , I found this long - lost relic of a movie . My curiosity was piqued and I decided to finally partake in this fruit forbidden by my parents . I should have listened to them . The " Incredible Melting Man " is perhaps the worst movie known to man . It makes movies such as " Def - Con 4 , " Metalstorm " , and " Freddie Got Fingered " look like Oscar nominees . I feel violated for wasting almost two hours of my life watching this vile filth . The story was incoherent and the effects were crude even for 1977 . How anyone convinced a film company to produce this movie beyond me.<br /><br />Don't make the same mistake that I did . Listen to your parents if they forbade you to watch this movie . They were right .
0 No , just kidding . It was God - awful.<br /><br />I was watching my local Sci - fi station last night , which plays movies , every night , within a monthly theme . This month it 's " Space Turkeys , Or : How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Bombs " . Movies so bad , they should never have been made . This was a good selection.<br /><br />Everything about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exceptions , the gore make - up ( which showed potential ) and the editing ( which slightly out did the rest of the movie , in terms of being horrible ) . The acting is horrible all around , the dialog is horrible , the script , the direction . It 's not a good movie.<br /><br />It consists of two forms of special effects , gore and stock footage of space . I 'll focus on the gore . Watching this movie , I thought to myself , " What WAS the motivation behind the making of this movie ? " People like making stuff , sure , but I was hesitant to think anything good could have come of it for anyone involved . I came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase the Make - up Effects guy 's Demo Reel . He ( Rick Baker ) actually went on to a pretty nice career , he 's worked on STAR WARS ( 1977 ) , KING KONG ( 1976 ) , MEN IN BLACK ( 1996 ) , and even THE INCREDIBLE SHRINKING WOMAN ( 1981 ) , plus a number of other notable flicks . Other than that , I ca n't say I 've ever actually SEEN a real , live melting man - incredible , or otherwise - but I 'd have to say this seemed to be a fair representation of one.<br /><br />Now , when I think of bad editing , I usually think of maybe a scene where someone 's talking on the phone and then , in the middle of the scene , the phone jumps down to his shoulder , or something to that effect . This movie really serves to highlighted the fact that bad editing can take many forms . Specifically , over - long and utterly useless scenes . Just about every scene dragged on longer than it should have , from a little bit of dead air to that crazy - long screaming scene with Cleaver Girl . And that severed head in the river , the head gets thrown into a river ( in slow motion ) , the movie carries on for a couple minutes , and then we cut back to the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall . While I 'm sure they were all very proud of their severed head , WHAT THE HELL??<br /><br />Lastly , I 'll mention the running fat lady / slow motion scene right near the beginning . The jerky slow motion tells me that they did n't shoot the scene in slow motion originally but later decided that it " was n't working like that " and then slowed it down . Oy vey . In any event , if you should ever see another movie in which a hysterical fat woman runs down a hall and then directly through a closed , glass door - all in slow motion , mind you - remember THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN , for * this * is where it all started.<br /><br />Movies like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friends . This one 's a little slow most of the time but that 's just all the more time to come up with your own one - liners . It 's not the worst of the worst but it 's pretty freaking bad .
0 Why do I constantly do this to myself ? I mean , really , it 's right there in the title - " The Incredible Melting Man " . What else would I expect ? I have to admit , I 'm a sucker for just about anything I come across on the Monster HD channel , but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary Rick Baker . As for creepy , I 'll give the nod to that horny old geezer couple sucking on lemons just before lights out . Now they were truly scary.<br /><br />Something I could never figure out in horror flicks was why a monster 's victims would n't simply just run away when faced with virtual annihilation . Like the chick in the cabin . You know , there was a door completely visible right there in the kitchen that she could have run right out of at any time . Incredible Steve - O could n't muster much more than a brisk walk , so why not just blow right by him ? I do n't know , maybe I 'm missing something . < br /><br />This flick had some of the feel of a ' Tales From The Crypt ' episode , but ' Tales ' usually had a cool or grotesque twist which often times you did n't see coming . This was one picture that you could n't quite get a handle on coming OR going . For example , in an early scene , you can clearly make out that Melting Man 's eyeball fell out of his head , so how did he manage to get around for the rest of the story ? I guess we 're not supposed to ask.<br /><br />At eighty four minutes , this picture was about an hour and a half too long . When it was all over , I was ready to take up General Perry on his earlier suggestion - " I could really use a drink about now " .
0 A few days ago , I watched a documentary called THE FIFTY WORST MOVIES OF ALL TIME and this is where I first heard of THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN . Being a lover of schlocky films , I am making it a point to try to find some of the films from the documentary -- not just including THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN . In fact , MELTING MAN is the first " bad film " I have seen since then and I must say I am rather disappointed . While it truly is a bad film , it comes nowhere near close enough to make inclusion on this list.<br /><br />Now before seeing the documentary , I have enjoyed " bad films " ever since I read the book " The Fifty Worst Movies of All Time " by Harry Medved . Despite the same title , the book came out long , long before the documentary and the makers of the documentary never credited Medved with the concept . From the Medved book , I have seen about 35 of the 50 films but have come to an impasse -- the rest of the films just are n't available on VHS or DVD . So , I thought I 'd try the film by the same name.<br /><br />The reason I was most disappointed with THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN was that there were a few good elements to the film . First , the melting guy special effects were generally really cool and disgusting . It 's obvious that a professional ( the famous Rich Baker ) was involved in making this look realistic . However , I should also point out that there were also more than a few cheap and cheesy effects as well -- such as the floating plastic head and the way the monster ran around after his left arm was cut off -- you could see it " cleverly hidden " under his clothes ! As for the story , it 's just stupid . A group of astronauts miraculously penetrate the rings of Saturn without being crushed . Then , they comment about how beautiful the sun is -- as we see closeups of it . This is odd since Saturn is so far from it -- it should NOT look this way -- it should be a large speck . Regardless , immediately the scene changes and we 're told that one of the surviving astronauts is in a hospital . What happened between the last scene and this one ? Yep , it 's anyone 's guess . Well , soon after , the survivor escapes and engages in a murderous rampage as his entire body melts.<br /><br />Now considering they have a psycho running about who looks like a melting popsicle , you 'd think the government would pull out all stops to find and stop him , right ? ! Wrong . A general engages one lone doctor to find him ! ! No army , no police -- just some dopey doctor . Even after bodies begin stacking up , at no point do the doctor or general do anything to organize a meaningful search or get backup.<br /><br />Now , given the stupidity of the film , you also would n't be surprised to find the following : < br /><br />When the melting dude is running around near the doctor 's house , the doctor gives his wife a powerful sedative and leaves her in the house.<br /><br />When a cute old couple is driving late at night , they naturally stop in an orchard to pick fruit and are killed.<br /><br />When a lady sees melting dude , she barricades the door to protect herself . This would be smart IF she did n't have the back door of the house next to her ! Instead of just leaving the house and escaping , she just waits ! < br /><br />When a photographer and his model are taking snapshots , the guy grabs his assistant and yanks off her top . Why ? Well to give the audience a cheap thrill and make it a rated R flick.<br /><br />When the melting dude is finally located and the sheriff has a clear shot at him , the doctor stops him -- even though by now the monster had killed about a half dozen people.<br /><br />So , as you can see the film abounds with stupid plot elements . It is a very bad film . But , given the occasionally good special effects , it just was n't a horrible film like I 'd hoped . Sure , it 's good for a laugh , but no where near PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE in badness and never should have been included on anyone 's worst film list .
0 I can watch a good gory film now and then . I 've seen some pretty sick stuff . However , this is one of the few films that I found to be grotesque in a way that was just plain repulsive and revolting . I like gore films when they are fun . I like wen they are a lot of creativity behind them . The gore in this film is not creative . It is sick . It is repugnant . It is completely unpleasant . Because of this , this film is certainly not entertaining . The film is a horror film , but it lacks scares . So pretty much the only reason why one would watch this film is for the gore , but that is the most unappealing and ugly aspect of the whole film , and that 's saying a lot . The acting is terrible , the plot makes no sense , and the music is really annoying and WAY too electronic sounding . It all took me right out of the film . Pretty much the whole film is one big long depressing ordeal . There 's this guy that has a freak accident in a shuttle and awakens in a hospital to find that his skin is dissolving and melting off . I guess that after that he goes out and eats human flesh in order to slow down the melting process . There 's some weird subplot involving an old couple getting chased by a dog , some dismembered head floating down a stream , and an ending involving a man being electrocuted . There were times where I tried really hard to enjoy it , but the only scene in the whole film that I thought was even entertaining was the scene early on in which a nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion . If you like ugly , nasty , ad unappealing horror films , this one is for you .
0 Rebar is an astronaut who goes on the world 's first space mission to Saturn , but of course this being a horror movie things turn ugly and he returns to earth as the only survivor . Stricken with some bizarre condition that causes him to slowly melt and lose his mind unless he regularly consumes human flesh , he kills what apparently is the only nurse in the hospital and escapes to the neighboring town to stalk more victims.<br /><br />I liked the premise and the monster and gore effects are actually pretty good , but the space scenes are just pasted together out of stock NASA footage and the hospital looks curiously like a warehouse . A very weak script , little character development and overall poor acting keep this one from rising above being anything other than a mediocre slasher flick with the novelty of having a living candle as the killer , and more or less only has its gore effects to hold your interest.<br /><br />4 out of 10 , strictly for the most die - hard monster movie fans .
0 The plot of " Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster " died out in the 1950s mainly down to the scientific fact that travelling outside the Earth 's orbit does n't humans cause to turn in to mutated monsters , and that the first film to use this plot THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT was the only decent sci - fi movie to use the idea . So the idea of having the redundant plot return seems doomed from the start . Alas watching THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN it seems the plot is the least of its problems < br /><br />First of all this is an incredibly badly made movie . The budget is in single figures and I 'm talking about lira not dollars . There is no cinematography to speak of and there 's countless editing blunders . For example a photographer takes his ( Barely legal ) model for a photo shoot . Cut to a shot where the sun is directly behind model , then cut to shot of photographer where the sun is directly behind him , then cut back to the model where the sun is ... < br /><br />The lack of budget drags the film down in other aspects too . According to the trivia page the budget was so low the producers could n't get any stock footage of Saturn so when astronaut Steve West mentions how beautiful Saturn looks we get footage of the sun . Actually the sun gives the most impressive performance in the film since the human actors would n't be employed by a porn studio . If I was appearing in this I would n't be scared by the eponymous monster - I 'd be terrified of splinters from the rest of the cast . Perhaps we should be slightly forgiving though since the obvious lack of budget manifests itself in things like the actors having to wear their own clothes . A general for instance does n't wear his nice fancy dress uniform complete with medals - he wears a denim jacket and baseball cap < br /><br />There has to be suspension of disbelief for a film like this to work but it fails on every level . The tone is set early on in the film where Mr Melty murders a nurse and escapes from the hospital . Instead of the police getting a call saying there 's been a murder Dr Nelson just decides to track down his patient on his own own same as he 'd look for a missing cat . It 's also strange a thoroughly decomposing homicidal monster can walk down the road without anyone noticing , but this is typical of a film where horny 70 year olds stop their car down dark roads for a quickie and people nonchalantly mention their wife is pregnant whilst forgetting to tell the police that there 's a monster on the loose .<br /><br />THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is Z grade rubbish . I can certainly understand why people enjoy this movie because it does reach the heights of " It 's so bad it 's good " but apart from Rick Baker 's sometimes impressive make up effects it 's nothing more than a very guilty pleasure
0 I just watched The Incredible Melting Man for the second time , and it was even more boring than when I first watched it . I do n't understand why it has become such a ' cult classic ' when it is so tediously dull . The opening scene looks promising , when the fat nurse drops the canister of blood and runs for her dear life . After this all that really happens is the melting man stalks around some woods and houses , whilst having flashbacks of his life as an astronaut . The makeup is quite good , and his melting gooey face looks fairly realistic . There is a cool scene where he throws a mans head in a river , and it floats until it reaches a waterfall where it falls on rocks and bursts open . There 's not much to wet yourself over though , most scenes are shot in darkness and you ca n't really see what is happening . There is n't much gore , at least in the Vipco DVD I watched . < br /><br />No , The Incredible Melting Man is not that great at all . I 'll give it marks for its cheese factor but that 's about it . If you want a TRUE sci - fi / horror cult classic , watch The Deadly Spawn instead !
0 The movie had so much potential , but due to 70 's technology constraints and also a weak script killed the main plot of the film . The book version of the film was much better , and well conceived . If it had been done right in the beginning with sources from the book , it could have been a very cool classic .
0 I 've seen a lot of stupid plotlines in my time , but this one is among the worst . After catching some disease in space , an astronaut comes back to Earth and starts melting . He then goes on a rampage , killing people ( how is beyond me ; I just watch them , I ca n't explain them . ) This is the kind of movie that should n't have been made in the first place .
0 This film was so predictable , that during the entire time you 're hoping that the obvious suspect is innocent , and there 's some other big twist still coming . However ... it does n't . He just continues to act creepy , and she continues to ignore it . Mary found very incriminating evidence at his place , and she still trusted him ? And what was that " baiting the trap " ? There was no trap . She confronted him , he said " excuse me . I have to go kill someone " He left , and that was the end of it . They make attempts to use other suspects , ( like that one older carnival girl at the end ) but they 're completely underdeveloped . Actually , all the characters are underdeveloped . They have no depth , and the setting is just plain strange ... who hangs out in a recycling factory ? ? Its choppy and nothing is well developed . For example : When she leaves his place after having the beer , and he finds the pics and she runs out and he catches her and they end up having sex in that car ... what was that ? Her reactions were n't portrayed . In the car she acted scared like it could have been practically rape- but then all we see is her showering the next morning . booooooooo It could have been so much better .. sooo much better .
0 Alicia Silverstone ( pre-"Clueless " ) plays a modern - day crime - obsessed teenager attempting to solve the brutal slaying of a local girl . Pat Verducci wrote and directed this B - flick , which is n't especially well - made but is however surprisingly serious - minded in regards to its leading character . Silverstone is appealing and successful in carving out an interesting young woman here , despite the picture 's kitschy undermining . The supporting cast ( including Kevin Dillon and Michael Bowen ) is n't bad , though the violence in the last act goes overboard . Not a cheesy camp - fest , but nothing exceptionally memorable either . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 The movie never becomes intolerable to watch . And to tell it straight , it has nothing to show either , except maybe part - sexy Alicia Silverstone in a nerdy non - sexy character in revealing quite - sexy dresses . The story is very easy to follow or there 's nothing to follow -- you can see in either way . There is no suspense , little action , unimpressive dialogs , unsatisfactory sensuality , same boring locations and very bland acting . Kevin Dillon is totally worthless . Silverstone ... well , I did n't concentrate too much on her acting , I confess . Yet as I said earlier , if one has nothing to do except watching a movie , this wo n't look so bad . 4/10
0 I try to be very objective when I view a low budget movie . I also apply a lower weight to independent and low budget productions versus the big budget productions . I expect near flawlessness from big budget productions and their studios . Therefore I apply tougher criteria to the major studio releases . But this movie was just a dud . Period . The premise was terrible . The main character , Mary Gordano ( Alicia Silverstone ) , was unbelievable as a high school senior with an unquenchable desire to solve crimes . There was not enough depth in her character or her acting that pulled you into her world . Also , to make this movie more mysterious , the lighting in certain scenes did not set the mood , especially in the warehouse.<br /><br />Once again another disappointing movie that I could only give three points to .
0 Underneath the dense green glop of computer graphics there gleamed the astounding art and skill of Ichikawa Somegoro . Alas : it got lost in all the goo . The scenes of Old Edo -- with the courtesan , drifting on the Sumida , rehearsing and acting in the Nakamura - za -- were all exciting and engaging , taking you back to an interesting and rich era . The action on the Kabuki stage , in which Somegoro excels and excites , was more enriching than any of the absurd high jinks that followed . The skill , the energy in the audience , the colors of the sets , were far more satisfying than all the nonsense that took over plot and performance . What a wasted opportunity ! One of the best kabuki actors alive , and he gets lost in the dreck .
0 This is the 2nd time I 've seen this movie in about 12 years . These remarks come from someone who finds Kane and Ambersons to be amazing , worthy films . But the remainder of Welles career is , unfortunately , squandered on material unworthy of his talent and too flimsy to withstand his filmic embroidering . And when he makes a potboiler like Shanghai , the lack of anything substantial to hang his filmic tricks on , is just kind of sad . I could n't tell you what he was exploring here . It 's all as mannered as Welle 's godawful Irish brogue ; which takes a lot of effort , but adds absolutely zero to the film . Several Welles projects became this overdeveloped and baroque . Mr Arkadin ( pick a version , any version ) is a similarly belabored project . The material is inconsequential . It just ca n't bear the weight of all this noodling . For a director trafficking in reality - based drama ( as here ) , he never feels any pull to tie his bundle of conceits back to reality ; or to a coherent story . The murder - for - hire scheme is ridiculous . < br /><br />Kudos to Welles though , for having Hayworth cut her hair , and getting that performance out of her . The camera loves her . She 's the classiest , most upscale , sultry and ravishing femme fatale ever put on film . But her treachery comes so late in the film it feels like some desperate decision , made so the movie will have some genre it fits into . The movie ca n't be saved by a noir convention deployed in the last 60 seconds.<br /><br />When all is said and done in L.F.S. , the convolutions are all for what ? ; to convince you you 've seen something thoughtful ? to give Welles more to do ? to make you roll your eyes ? Welles has no sensitivity to the scale of a story , or to telling a story directly . One wonders what Shanghai has to say to anyone who is n't a crippled billionaire , arranging a quadruple - cross murder - for - hire scheme , or a fanboy in love with filmic conceits devoid of meaning or substance . < br /><br />Overwrought , preposterous , unengaging .
0 If you are studying Welles and want to see just how far he fell after Citizen Kane , this film will prove it . The cheap excuse of making the protagonist a self - admitted dummy to explain how he might fall into such a half - baked scheme fails to explain the absurd courtroom theatrics and ridiculous plot twists that eventually ensue . Do n't be taken in by the high rating of this film in the db as I was ; all I can guess is that there are a lot of die hard old Welles and Hayworth fans out there .
0 Oh - so - familiar comedy story about low - key nice - guy Paul ( Jason Lee ) , who after the night of his bachelor party , wakes up in bed with Becky ( Julia Stiles ) , an attractive blonde he met just the night before . After lying about it to his fiancée Karen ( Selma Blair ) , he 's forced to tell more and more lies to cover his tracks.<br /><br />I'm sure most of us have been witness to a story like this at least once before ... on film or on TV . The movie is formulaic and EXTREMELY predictable , with an ending you may see coming a mile away.<br /><br />At least the cast provides some interest and keeps it watchable . Lee is just right in the lead , and Stiles is a lot of fun in a light - hearted comedic role different from the very serious roles she usually plays . Becky is a free spirit who seems to change jobs as often as other people change their clothes.<br /><br />But you know , this is n't exactly well - written . At least one question is left unanswered : for WHAT , exactly , is Ray ( Lochlyn Munro ) , Becky 's brutal ex - boyfriend , being investigated by the I.A.?<br /><br />And I did n't like the character of Buck ( David Koechner ) , Paul 's stepfather ; he 's a super - obnoxious moron who got on my nerves so quickly I was begging for somebody to punch him.<br /><br />Add another debit : a gratuitous , uncredited cameo by comic / actor Larry Miller , once again playing a grouch ( in this case , it 's a little justified - his character is an ultra - conservative minister).<br /><br />Not good at all , but as usual for me , I give it a three out of ten based on the efforts of the cast alone .
0 I thought this movie had absolutely no moral . I mean , how would you feel if your fiancé left you on your wedding day for your cousin ? ? ? I would be heartbroken ! ! It 's classified as a comedy but I did n't find it funny at all . I thought it just mostly found cheap laughs and took them . I normally love Julie Stiles movies , but this is an exception . Jason Lee stars in another disgraceful show , which once again proves that class and decent morals are not relevant in todays society . It had a complete lack of taste and I despise movies like this . I understand that people will defend this movie and it 's morals because it is ' Just a movie ' , but I still stand by my mark that this bad behaviour should n't be allowed on screen . I 'm not trying to say that if you enjoyed this movie , you are a bad person , as everyone is entitled to their own opinion , and parts of this movie were enjoyable , I 'm just saying that in real life , people acting like the characters in this film were doing is shameful .
0 This is so incredibly bad . Poor actors . You can tell they 're trying really hard to polish a turd , but we all know you ca n't . The writing is so obvious and facile , it 's sad watching them try to sell it . The humor and pacing are so labored , it 's hard to believe any of these good actors signed on for this.<br /><br />That said , it 's so awful that we 're having a hard time looking away from the screen . We just have to know where this trainwreck goes . But that 's only because we caught it on TV . If we had actually PAID for this , we 'd be disgusted . < br /><br />So it gets 2 stars for being at least amusingly / fascinatingly bad . And the incidental music ( as opposed to the trying - too - hard indie soundtrack ) is laughably reminiscent of an episode of Scooby - Doo ... but not as good .
0 Just a regular Jason lee movie , There were some parts of the movie that were funny . The undertone of the move is to live life on the edge I guess . These are the types of movies that I think 14 year old girls watch at slumber parties . It was an all right movie . It is kind of one of those movies you have on in the back ground and look up every now and then to when something catches attention . I think That Julia stiles and Selma Blair are a good combination and would like to see them in a movie with a good story and plot . Its just kind of a boy meets girl movie . This is that perfect movie they would show on comedy Central . I am glad that I did n't see this movie in the theater , I would have been angry . But I guess that 's why I did n't see it in the theater .
0 Wow . That 's about as much as I can say right now . Who writes this stuff ? Who produces this stuff ? What self - respecting actor would agree to ' act ' in this stuff ? Oh my GOD ! I do n't know how I made it through this movie , but I assume the fact that I had had like 8 cups of coffee that day was the key element in keeping me awake . Good Lord ! It was one of the most droned - out and predictable pieces of cinematography I have ever witnessed ... and for the record , I do n't EVER plan to ' witness ' it again.<br /><br />I first saw the film when I bought the DVD ( MISTAKE # 1 ) . I mean ... I figured , hey ! Julia Stiles . I like her . She 's cool . I 'll watch it as soon as I get home ( MISTAKE # 2 ) . I tried to watch it without groaning every five minutes wondering when this bunch of crap would come to an end , really I did . But I was unsuccessful . It was one of the worst things I had ever seen . I mean ... what is with that thing where he imagines what would happen then snaps back into real life ? That was annoying enough when the father used to do that in ' Parenthood ' like ten years ago . The ' jokes ' - and BELIEVE me , it takes a LOT out of me to call them that - are stupid , the characters are trite and forgettable , the storyline is entirely predictable ... altogether this makes for a movie that should be WIPED FROM HISTORY RECORDS ! I should have figured something was wrong when I realized that I 'd never heard of this movie . It was most likely a straight - to - DVD.<br /><br />To anybody who may be thinking of watching this , I have one piece of advice . DON'T ! For the LOVE of God ... DON'T ! ! ! I 'm ashamed to have it in my DVD collection , and I ca n't get rid of it ... Nobody , and I mean NOBODY wants to buy it from me ! And I 'm talking second - hand and third - hand thrift shops that would buy the mud off your shoes and stick it in the store window . That should let you know just how CRAP it is .
0 I just watched it . A couple of laughs , but nothing to write home about . Jason Lee looked like he was having fun . The ( long ) DVD gag reel consists almost solely of him having fits of uncontrollable laughter . Selma Blair seemed to be punching a time clock , but then again , her character was supposed to be a stick in the mud , so " well done " I guess ? Jim Brolin was surprisingly funny . ( Being married to Babs ca n't be a picnic . ) The soundtrack was hip , and eclectic . Larry Miller , who played Julia Stiles father ( hilariously ) , in 10 Things I Hate About You is funny here as well . He 's great , but the best aspect of this movie was the casting of Julia Stiles . I could spend two hours watching her fold laundry , and I feel like I just did .
0 I 'm not a big fan of rom / coms at the best of times . A few have been quite good ( check of Dream for an Insomniac ) , but this one is just more of the same but less.<br /><br />With a running time of 100min , I expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins . The only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctivly help out Lee 's character.<br /><br />All I can say is AVOID . I gaurentee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $ $ < br /><br />3 of out 10 ( And only cos I 'm a big Lee fan )
0 I 'm not a big fan of rom / coms at the best of times . A few have been quite good ( check of Dream for an Insomniac ) , but this one is just more of the same but less.<br /><br />With a running time of 100min , I expect more than 1 laugh every 30mins . The only real belly laugh are when male strangers and friends instinctively help out Lee 's character.<br /><br />All I can say is AVOID . I guarantee there is at least 10 other movies on the shelf that deserve you $ $ < br /><br />3 of out 10 ( And only cos I 'm a big Lee fan )
0 Jason Lee does his best to bring fun to a silly situation , but the movie just fails to make a connect . < br /><br />Perhaps because Julia Stiles character seems awkward as the conniving and sexy soon to be cousin - in - law . < br /><br />Maybe it is because she and Selma Blair 's characters should have been cast the opposite way . ( Selma Blair seems more conniving than Julia would be).<br /><br />Either way this movie is yet another Hollywood trivialization of a possibly real world situation ( that being getting caught with your pants out at your bachelor party not stooping your cousin ) , which while having promise fails to deliver.<br /><br />There are some laughs to be sure and the cast ( even if miscast ) do their best with sub grade material which does n't transcend its raunchy topic . So instead of getting a successful raunch fest ( ie Animal House or American Pie ) we are left with a middle ground of part humor and part stupidity ( ala Meatballs 2 or something ) .
0 What a terrible , TERRIBLE , film ! One of the worst movies I have seen in my life . I usually love movies like this , the whole " A guy meets an eccentric woman who he likes , but he happens to already be involved with someone , who not right for him .... " . I expected something predictable and I did n't mind . The movies are always entertaining mixing the right amount of romance with comedy , but not this one ! Every single joke falls flat and the " romance " makes me want to vomit . The title character is one of the most " please kill me " characters that I have ever witnessed on my television , the " eccentric woman " is n't very eccentric , more like quirky and annoying . The " other someone " is the most reasonable , mature person in this film but also happens to be just as annoying . This films flat out sucks , there 's no way around it , do n't waste your time .
0 I had hoped this movie was going to be mildly entertaining , like other sorts of its genre . However , it was lame and I did n't find myself laughing very much . Watch it on HBO , maybe , or if you 've got a free rental to waste and you need a movie to pass the time . But I do n't recommend paying to see it.<br /><br />The plot is simple and straightforward , and it could have been funny , maybe , if the script was better . Jason Lee can be hilarious , and he gets a few laughs here and there , but the movie falls flat . Just do n't go see this one . The directing is lackluster , but for what it is , directing is n't that important . I guess its main drawback is that it is just not very funny . See something else , do n't waste your time here .
0 " A Guy Thing " tries to capture the feeling of " There 's Something About Mary " or " Meet the Parents " but comes off more like it was edited up out of cutting - room rejects of those two films . Thankfully I rented it on a 5-day rental because I could n't sit and watch more than 20 minutes at a time.<br /><br />The premise is decent and I liked the scenes where other guys automatically cover up for Paul 's missteps ( the checker at the Save - mart was great ) but the script - writing is absolutely horrible . The dialog falls flat most of the time and just when you think that things are finally going to get on track some needless sight - gag is stuck in for no good reason . Plus how many toilet jokes does one movie really need?<br /><br />Don't get me wrong , slapstick humor is great when it 's smartly done as in the other films I mentioned , but this movie simply misses the mark . Too bad as I love Julia Stiles ( Ten Things I Hate About You was great ) but even that could n't help me sit through this terrible movie . Save your dollars and go rent " There 's Something About Mary " one more time .
0 The only redemption was the small part by Larry Miller . It seemed that the movie was trying too hard to be " Something About Mary , " but I did n't even like that movie and it still fell short of those standards . The actor who plays Paul was great , but Selma Blair is stuck in the stupidity of her Cruel Intentions character . James Brolin was great , but Paul 's father seemed like he was trying too hard to be the Randy Quaid character from the National Lampoon 's Vacation movies .
0 Julia Stiles is a talented young actress , who with guidance from a reputable agent has a lot of potential . Obviously , the person who guided her into this travesty is not someone who cares anything about her career . I sat in the theater surrounded by teenagers who left in droves to find another movie to sneak into wondering who thought this movie would appeal to anyone . It was poorly written , the casting director could only have put 1 or 2 minutes of effort into the characters and the director obviously did n't care .
0 I think Jason Lee has huge potential , but this was the WRONG vehicle in which to attempt to break out as a star . The plot is awful , the comedy is awful . I laughed twice , I think for relief , because in retrospect , they were fairly lame jokes . I found myself scared for the future of Fletch , and had to console myself that it was the film that was flawed , not Lee.<br /><br />Julia Stiles and Selma Blair are hot , but I recommend looking at the still photos on this website to figure that out , instead of this film . Save your time . 1 star .
0 This was one of the most boring movies I 've ever seen   I do n't really know why   Just your run - of - the - mill stories about guy who is about to get married , and starts to fancy someone else instead . Story has been told a thousand times . Nothing new or innovative about it at all.<br /><br />I do n't really know what was wrong with this film . Most of the time when these kinds of actors / actresses get together to make a film that have already been made a million times before , it 's really entertaining . There are usually little clever thing in them that are n't really in any other . For some reason , this one just does n't hold your attention . You can pick out some funny parts , or clever ideas in it , but for some reason they 're just not funny , nor clever in any way   I wish I new how to explain it , but I do n't   Just do n't waste your time on this one 
0 I never thought I see a movie worse than " Lisa Picard Is Famous " , but this came pretty close . As repeated often throughout the comments , it was predictable ; five minutes into the movie you know it will be a stranded at the alter outcome . This movie painfully references / rips off everything from " Something about Mary " to " Revenge of the Pink Panther " . Writer Greg Glienna ( Meet the Parents ) needs some new material.<br /><br />The only twist is the deranged boyfriend / police officer pursued by internal affairs , but even that opportunity is wasted . Lots of setting shots of the Seattle Space Needle necessary to disguise the obvious Canadian shooting locale . Some of the worst driving in the car scenes with almost no effort to disguise the fact that the car is being pulled through town on a trailer . Geez , at least turn the wheel or put the brakes on once in a while . Selma Blair is inert and the short haircut a crime . $ 3 M to Jason Lee , for what ? Guess it beats skateboarding!<br /><br />So here 's who should see this movie : Bee Gees fans who want to hear two actors sing ' Islands in the Stream ' badly ; People who ca n't get enough of Julia Stiles . 1/10
0 I saw this film at SXSW with the director in attendance . Quite a few people walked out , and the audience could barely muster even polite applause at the end . Of the 60 or 70 films I 've seen at this festival , Frownland is among the worst.<br /><br />At 106 minutes , it is at least 95 minutes too long . You get to watch the main character 's failed and drawn out attempts to communicate , in extended real time . The same grimaces , hand over mouth motions , kinetic and frantically repeated words and syllables over and over and over again - WE GET THE POINT.<br /><br />One site actually compares this work to early Mike Leigh . What drugs would you have to be on to make that statement ? Given that Frownland is a Captain Beefheart song , maybe you 'd have to be able to enjoy Trout Mask Replica on heavy rotation to appreciate this film . Unbelievably , this won a jury award at the festival . You can bet it did not win an audience award .
0 Debbie Reynolds toe - taps , tangos and , yes , tap - dances her way through this ordinary thriller which has a distinctly fabricated ' 30s atmosphere . Two ladies , brought together when their sons commit a murder , try starting their lives over by running a tap - dance school for tots in Hollywood . Trouble is , one of them is plagued by neuroses . Can you imagine this thing 10 years earlier with Robert Aldrich directing Bette Davis and Joan Crawford ... ? Nahh , Bette never would have allowed Joan so much screen - time to strut her stuff , and I ca n't imagine Bette Davis in the other role , tap - dancing her heart out . This is a purely bogus piece of macabre , written by a slumming Henry Farrell ( whose idea of a good " shock " is to stage the mass - murder of a group of rabbits ! ) . Not an ounce of honest fun in the whole tepid package . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 The film is almost laughable with Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters teaming up as the mothers of convicted murderers . With the horrible notoriety after the trial , the two women team up and leave N.Y. for California in order to open and song and dance studio for Shirley Temple - like girls.<br /><br />From the beginning , it becomes apparent that Reynolds has made a mistake in taking Winters with her to California . Winters plays a deeply religious woman who increasingly seems to be going off her rocker . < br /><br />To make matters worse , the women who live together , are receiving menacing phone calls . Reynolds , who puts on a blond wig , is soon romanced by the wealthy father of one of her students , nicely played by Dennis Weaver.<br /><br />Agnes Moorehead , in one of her last films , briefly is seen as Sister Alma , who Winters is a faithful listener of.<br /><br />The film really belongs to Shelley Winters . She is heavy here and heaviness seemed to make her acting even better . Winters always did well in roles testing her nerves.<br /><br />The ending is of the macabre and who can forget Winters at the piano banging away with that totally insane look ?
0 There 's a lot the matter with Helen and none of it 's good . Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds play mothers of a pair of Leopold & Loeb like killers who move from the mid - west to Hollywood to escape their past . Reynolds , a starstruck Jean Harlow wannabe , opens a dance studio for children and Winters is her piano player . Soon Winters ( as Helen ) begins to crack up . It 's all very slow going and although there are moments of real creepiness ( nasty phone calls , a visit from wino Timothy Carey ) , the movie is devoid of any real horror . Nevertheless , it 's still worthy entertainment . The acting divas are fine and the production values are terrific . A music score by David Raskin , cinematography by Lucien Ballard and Oscar - nominated costumes contribute mightily . With this , A PLACE IN THE SUN and LOLITA to her credit , does anyone do crazy as well as Winters ? Directed by Curtis Harrington , a master at this type of not quite A - movie exploitation . In addition to Carey , the oddball supporting cast includes Dennis Weaver , Agnes Moorehead ( as a very Aimee Semple McPherson like evangelist ) , Yvette Vickers and Micheál MacLiammóir ( the Irish Orson Welles ) as Hamilton Starr , aptly nicknamed hammy .
0 W. Somerset Maugham 's Of Human Bondage is supposed to be a English language classic . If so , much must have been missing from the film version here . Phillip 's ( Leslie Howard ) attraction to Mildred ( Bette Davis ) is so utterly inexplicable as to make the scenario seem like the post - breakup retelling of a relationship from the man 's point of view . Being a family lawyer I 've heard many such accounts ; the man depicts himself as noble and always correct , and the woman is a hellion who has had no other objective than to exploit the man.<br /><br />Indeed , unless one is willing to laugh at the social assumptions of the film maker , this is an uncomfortable movie to watch . Phillip even indulges Mildred when she brings over a baby of indeterminate paternity , but the real high point comes when Phillip allows Mildred - enraged and now of dubious sanity - the free run of his flat , with predictable results . Bette Davis was attractive for about five years of her life , but that period did n't occur here . In fact , by the end of the movie she looks a lot like the Baby Jane character she would play thirty years later.<br /><br />I note how Howard 's character is always impeccably dressed and groomed . It tells me that Phillip craves middle class respectability . Someone like that could not run from a woman with a course Cockney accent fast enough . Phillip is , for most of the movie , a student ; such a person would have been more believable if he had been younger , and had the disheveled looks that bespeak the low income and the low self esteem that often accompanies student status - an English Raskolnikov , as it will . And balanced that by allowing Mildred a modicum of charm .
0 Although Bette Davis did a WONDERFUL job as Mildred , I felt that the film was n't the best I had seen . At the end of the movie I was left feeling like there was something missing in it.<br /><br />Bette Davis did a perfect job , though , and she made me hate her and pity her all the while . Leslie Howard did very good as the lovelorn Philip Carey , and I so pitied him throughout the movie for being in love with such a horrible dame . It 's such a sad thing when one finds him / herself in love with a bad seed . And especially if it 's someone like Philp Carey , who is a sensitive person , though pathetic.<br /><br />In the end , the acting was what came through and not the plot . The ending scene was particularly good , but I am not one to give it away . Although others may find this movie good , I was one who found it so - so . I should recommend this movie to those who like a bad seed so they can see what may happen to them if they find themselves in love with that horrible person .
0 First of all , I would just like to say to everyone who has seen this movie , that the actor who played the " Transvestite " Is one of my friends , his name is Robert Dugdale , he 's a terrific actor , although it does n't say much about his filmography , he 's been in several plays and musicals . He is currently residing in Terrace B.C. that is where I am from , he comes over to our house almost every saturday * laughs * Okay , now about the movie , I would n't recomend this to anyone who HASN'T seen it , for it is not a movie worth watching , the main reason I found it to be a bad movie is it never stays in place , it keeps bouncing back between time , so kinda hard to follow at some points , and second , its really boring * laughs * Although the acting is great , the movie just does n't compare .
0 In the days before gore and sex took over , real horror films were made . Castle of Blood is , in my estimation , one of the finest , although other reviewers have given it mixed ratings . In an odd sort of way it reminds of the more recent The Others , which was in the theaters a couple of years ago.<br /><br />Director Antonio Margheriti remade his own picture in 1970 titling it this time Web of the Spider ( AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno ) . Why he did this I do not understand , although the remake starred Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good in its own right . Perhaps he saw a good story and wished to tailor it more to American audiences . I do not really know . It is interesting that he did the original in black and white and the remake in color.<br /><br />Castle of Blood is excellent Italian Gothic . La Danza Macabra is said to be an unpublished work of Edgar Allen Poe , who " appears " in this film . Poe and Lord Blackwood , owner of a haunted castle , bet American writer Alan Foster ( George Riviere ) that he can not spend All Souls Night in said castle and survive . Foster eagerly accepts the bet but soon regrets it , for he is witness to a series of murders committed by ghosts . It seems that the ghosts come back to life once every few years but are doomed to re - enact the crimes they committed in life . Lord Blackwood conveniently forgot to tell Foster that his blood is needed for them to resurrect themselves on the next All Souls Night ! < br /><br />It does not take Foster and the beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood ( portrayed by the incomparable Barbara Steele ) long to fall in love , even though their romance is doomed , because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts . I will not give the ending away , but will just say that Castle of Blood is every bit a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story . < br /><br />Comments . This film is greatly atmospheric , even by the excellent standards of the Italians . My personal opinion is they do true horror better than anybody , and the somewhat dim black and white filming only enhances this . In fairness , Web of the Spider was fine in its own right , even with color and greater brightness . I loved the lingering shots , something most modern day directors do not have the patience for . Indeed , when Alan first enters the doomed castle , we are treated to several minutes of him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room , the dread ands unease building in his face and mannerisms . By the time the first ghost appears , the audience is thoroughly primed and ready . There is wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts , something else not often done in standard ghost stories . There are also memorable scenes , very visual for this type of film . Elisabeth 's " murder " and the dance scene ( reminds somewhat of the similar dance of the ghouls in 1962 's Carnival of Souls ) were particularly good.<br /><br />Sadly , few general interest viewers will ever hear of , much less see , this film . That is a shame , for this one is a cut above the rest . I got my copy from Sinister Cinema and am not certain if it can be purchased anywhere else . For persons interested in this genre , it is a must see .
0 Our teacher showed us this movie in first grade . I have n't seen it since . I just watched the trailer though . Does this look like a first grade movie to you ? I do n't think so . I was so horrified by this movie , I could barely watch it . It was mainly the scene with Shirley McClain cutting that little girl in half , and then there was the boy with ketchup ! I was freaked out by this film . Now today , being 20 , I probably would not feel that way . I just wanted to share my experience and opinion that maybe small children should n't see this movie , even though it 's PG . Be aware of the possible outcomes of showing this to kids . I do n't even remember what it was about , once was enough !
0 Roeg has done some great movies , but this a turkey . It has a feel of a play written by an untalented high - school student for his class assignment . The set decoration is appealing in a somewhat surrealistic way , but the actual story is insufferable hokum .
0 I 'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend and she recently got it on DVD . There was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we 'd both heard that this was a terrifying film , really scary . How disappointed was I ? ? VERY ! ! ! ! Apart from that one scene ( we all know which bit ) NOTHING happened ! ! ! I was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes , like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something.<br /><br />Nearly all the reviews here say what a scary , gripping , atmospheric movie this is . I just did n't see it I 'm afraid . Maybe there 's a difference in what people find scary in the US to here in Britain.<br /><br />A big let down after all the hyped reviews :(
0 Today , Bea Arthur died so I was cruising around the IMDb Web site and somehow wound up on a show called " Gloria . " " All In The Family " was a brilliant show for its first four or five years and I bet I watched every episode more than once . However , I swear that I did NOT know a show named " Gloria " existed . Maybe , that 's a good thing . Maybe , it means I had a life as a young adult rather than watching television.<br /><br />On the other hand , it is pathetic that the " All In The Family " franchise had deteriorated so much that it begat a show I never heard of -- and one that is rated very poorly by the previous reviewers.<br /><br />I rated the show a 1 for two reasons -- the system did not allow me to register a no vote and writers and TV execs should be condemned for starting a show that had no business being on the air and besmirches the memory of one of the greatest shows in TV history.<br /><br />Shalom , ZWrite
0 Despite being released on DVD by Blue Underground some five years ago , I have never come across this Italian " sword and sorcery " item on late - night Italian TV and , now that I have seen it for myself , I know exactly why . Not because of its director 's typical predilection for extreme gore ( of which there is some examples to be sure ) or the fact that the handful of women in it parade topless all the time ( it is set in the Dark Ages after all )  it is , quite simply , very poor stuff indeed . In fact , I would go so far as to say that it may very well be the worst of its kind that I have yet seen and , believe me , I have seen plenty ( especially in the last few years i.e. following my excursion to the 2004 Venice Film Festival ) ! Reading about how the film 's failure at the time of initial release is believed to have led to its director 's subsequent ( and regrettable ) career nosedive into mindless low - budget gore , I can see their point : I may prefer Fulci 's earlier " giallo " period ( 1968 - 77 ) to his more popular stuff horror ( 1979 - 82 ) myself but , even on the latter , his commitment was arguably unquestionable . On the other hand , CONQUEST seems not to have inspired Fulci in the least  seeing how he decided to drape the proceedings with an annoyingly perpetual mist , sprinkle it with incongruent characters ( cannibals vs. werewolves , anyone ? ) , irrelevant gore ( we are treated to a gratuitous , nasty cannibal dinner just before witnessing the flesh - eating revelers having their brains literally beaten out by their hairy antagonists ! ) and even some highly unappetizing intimacy between the masked , brain - slurping villainess ( do n't ask ) and her slimy reptilian pet ! ! For what it is worth , we have two heroes for the price of one here : a young magic bow - carrying boy on some manhood - affirming odyssey ( Andrea Occhipinti ) and his rambling muscle - bound companion ( Jorge Rivero i.e. Frenchy from Howard Hawks ' RIO LOBO [ 1970 ] ! ) who , despite being called Mace ( short for Maciste , perhaps ? ) , seems to be there simply to drop in on his cavewoman from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble ( particularly during an exceedingly unpleasant attack of the ' boils ' ) . Unfortunately , even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes up short here as ex - Goblin Claudio Simonetti 's electronic score seems awfully inappropriate at times . Fulci even contrives to give the film a laughably hurried coda with the surviving beefy hero going aimlessly out into the wilderness ( after defeating one and all with the aid of the all - important magic bow  so much for his own supposed physical strength ! ) onto his next  and thankfully unfilmed  adventure !
0 The plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify AS " plot " and " character " . The biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark , out - of - focus , and blurry . The fact that Fulci filled the whole movie with mist does n't help . On the other hand , the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence . The inconsistencies are pretty entertaining , one of the main characters says he has no friends , yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time , and has a whole gaggle of women on the side . Though he does show his anti - social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who 's just minding his own business!Images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from Fulci . Maybe it ruined his career , but it was n't really much more stupid than Zombie . Worth a rental if you like gory Italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre . How do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help ?
0 I like Fulci films , i really do and not in some boring ironic way either but i recognise that they appear hopelessly inept and garbled to lots of people.<br /><br />Conquest is where Fulci tries his hand at the epic fantasy genre and does n't really succeed . Structurally , it 's like most Fulci films you 've seen . Some stuff happens , some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another . Really it 's like Conan with no sets , no script , no real actors ( yes , Arnold Scharzenfartz is hardly an actor either ) , no budget , stupid looking dog soldiers and a bunch of gore.<br /><br />This one was a hard one to get through and i could 've lived without the inch of vaseline smeared on the camera to give it that Hair Metal music video look .
0 Ah , Lucio Fulci , rest in peace . This infamous Italian is most < br /><br />famous for " Zombie , " and the absolutely unwatchable " The < br /><br />Psychic " and " Manhattan Baby . " Well , add this to the unwatchable < br /><br />list.<br /><br />The plot , as it were , concerns a nekkid woman who wears a gold < br /><br />mask and a G - string . She wants the power of a young dubbed < br /><br />stud who has a set of magic arrows and a bow . They are magic < br /><br />because they glow . Arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig,<br /><br />and they spend most of the movie rescuing each other from flat < br /><br />action sequences . In the end , the nekkid chick is defeated , but not < br /><br />before taking the mask off and reminding me why I broke up with < br /><br />my high school girlfriend.<br /><br />Fulci bathes every shot in an orange glow and fills the screen with < br /><br />smoke . Nothing like a smoky orange action sequence to make you < br /><br />crave Sunny Delight and a cigarette . The special effects are < br /><br />laughable . In one sequence , our ambiguously gay duo are < br /><br />attacked by dozens of arrows that are obviously pin scratches on < br /><br />the film itself . The majority of the effects budget must have been < br /><br />spent on the Fulci - licious gore , which consists entirely of spurting < br /><br />wounds . Hey , we can all use a good spurting wound once in a < br /><br />while , but when you get into spurting wound overkill , it gets boring.<br /><br />I kept having to play with the brightness setting on my TV anyway < br /><br />just to see what the heck was happening.<br /><br />There is lots of talk of fulfilling omens and prophecies , so let me < br /><br />do a little look into the future ... if you find this movie and watch it,<br /><br />you will regret it . The scene on the video box ( by Media ) does not < br /><br />appear in the film in any context whatsoever . " Conquest " is a con < br /><br />job . What MST3 K could have done with this!<br /><br />This is rated ( R ) for strong physical violence , strong gore , female < br /><br />nudity , brief male nudity , and mild sexual content.<br /><br / >
0 Shlock - merchant Leo Fulci takes a change of pace by making a trashy , barely coherent sword and sorcery fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy , barely coherent horror . < br /><br />A wimpy Orlando Bloom type called Ilias , from some society vaguely resembling Ancient Greece travels across the ocean to caveman territory on some vaguely defined quest to battle evil , where he joins up with a animal loving hunter to battle the wolf - man and mutant minions of a vampiric topless evil sorceress . Wackiness ensues . The sorceress , is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself . She sends various minions , each weirder than the last , after our heroes who win through in the end , striking a blow for oppressed cavemen everywhere . This movie contains a steady stream of WTF ? elements and moments.<br /><br />For some reason the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of mist on screen . This may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks . Either way , it failed . There is no atmosphere , unless it is one of scuzziness and mild bewilderment and there is no hiding how lame everything looks . The wolf - man minions look like a poor man 's wookie . For some reason the director fell in love with shots of them leaping through the air in slow motion , Six Million Dollar Man style , toward our heroes when they attack . There are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofier every time . The other minions of the topless sorceress , other than the generic leather clad humans , are some lumpy white mutants who appear to be covered in cobwebs . Needless to say they are slow and unthreatening and when they speak sound like gay Hispanic , lisping Daleks . The fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful . Oh yeah , the music is cheap synthesiser stuff that the makers of Doctor Who would have been embarrassed to have used.<br /><br />Ilias , our nominal hero is bland and forgettable . He also looks a complete wuss , especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair , and is clearly a moron . Sure , he 's a dynamite shot with his magical bow but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to battle this entire continent of evil . Needless to say he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and has to be saved by more traditional sword and sorcery hero , Mace . When he meets Ilias he establishes himself as the taciturn loner type , claiming he has no friends but no sooner can you say latent homoerotic subtext they are bosom buddies , traipsing the misty hills together . Mace promises to take Ilias with him in return for bow related favours . Ilias asks where he is going . " Wherever my legs take me , " is his reply . Good enough for Ilias . Mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite . He proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animals , citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo mean . He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat off other people who have hunted down animals . He is also not above randomly killing innocent passers by for no good reason . Not long after they meet , he is testing out Ilias ' bow and the movie cuts to some random caveman , minding his own business , walking along and Mace shoots him dead . There is no indication this poor soul did anything to deserve this and even Ilias , who supposedly hails from a more moral and civilised society does n't even raise an eyebrow . < br /><br />The films villainess is quite unusual . For the entire movie she is completely naked except from a g - string and a golden mask that encompasses her entire head . It 's like Fulci included her to make the movies obligatory T&A quotient but decided she was bit too much of a butterface at the last minute . She spends a lot of time seemingly being pleasured by her pet snakes and dreaming about being shot by a faceless bow wielding man who is dressed like Ilias . Wow , such symbolism ! Later on in the movie she wimps out when she ca n't beat Ilias and Mace and promises to make herself the sex - slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her . Hardly the world 's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women 's rights . I think he sic 's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates Mace in a situation where there is no no - one else around but Mace to fool . Was he really worthy trading your self respect for , Ocron ? < br /><br />There are quite a few other WTF ? moments . Most of them come toward the end of the movie . Ilias wusses out , I forget why , possibly his permed hairdo got mussed , but realizes the error of his ways and returns to aid Mace in fighting the forces of evil . All of a sudden , for no reason , his bow can suddenly fire out multiple target seeking bolts of energy . The bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary . Needless to say his makes short work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured Mace.<br /><br />The climax is also rather nonsensical . Mace decimates Ocron 's remaining forces using the bows targeted laser attack capability . He then is able to shoot Ocron from a kilometre away using its shoot through rock capacity . She starts dying . Her mask is ripped of revealing a hideous Muppet head . She staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog . Mace smiles . Roll credits.<br /><br />Strangely enough as far as these dodgy low budget sword and sorcery movies this one is reasonably lucid and focused . Any one who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies can truly be .
0 Warning : This review contains a spoiler.<br /><br / > Wow . Almost impressively bad . Note I said , " almost " . This is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story . The protagonists ( you CANNOT call them " heroes " ) shoot innocent bystanders for their food , and also rob same for similar reasons . There 's also tons of homoeroticism , which was a turnoff for me . ( SPOILER : It seems as if the villainess ( who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim ) gets killed early on , but miraculously recovers , adding another 70 minutes of audience - torture . ) I ca n't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination . If you 're in a MST3 K mood , you might find this watchable , but for the most part you can forget it . Go rent the original Conan DVD instead .
0 This was a watershed event in my movie watching life . I went to see this in the theater when it came out . I was completely amazed at just how bad it was . Movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very , very large favor . The special effects are absolutely first grade level , as in any first grader could have done them . Toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings , arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you 'd find on a street sign , and a laughable story line . Ed Wood made masterpieces compared to " Conquest " . Every film student should see this thing just so they 'll know the very definition of a bad movie .
0 I usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there 's really not much to talk of . Just a mish - mash of other FAR better sword & sorcery epics . Lack of cohesiveness runs rampant as does banality . Even the main villaness refusing to wear clothing other then a loincloth is pretty boring as she pretty much has a chest of a young boy . Mildly amusing in it 's ineptitude at best and severely retarded at it 's worst . Lucio Fulci was scrapping the bottom of the barrel here and it shows.<br /><br />My Grade : D- < br /><br />DVD Extras : Posters & Stills galleries ; Lucio Fulci Bio ; and US & International Theatrical trailers < br /><br />Eye Candy : Sabrina Siani is topless throughout ( some may consider that appealing , I did not ) ; various extras are topless as well
0 I came at this film with high expectations . I was aware of Greenaway 's work and ' The Tempest ' and was interested in an adaptation . I first wanted to switch off after ten minutes , but felt that it would be unfair . There was a representation of a storm , but where in your mind do you conceive a small boy peeing over a toy boat ? It is symbolic of what ? I continued another ten minutes my finger twitching over the ' off ' button , somewhere something would capture my interest . This is not Shakespeare , it is not cinema . There is a time and place for it , but I will not waste my time and there is no place for it in my studies of Shakespeare . After twenty five minutes I gave up and that was the end . I then read all the comments on this website and the pretentiousness of the film is only matched by its defendants . ' Its a painting ..... then put it in a gallery ' , ' it 's a ballet ..... keep it on the stage then ' . Shakespeare can be done intelligently , and the plays were performed to mass audiences , they were accessible , and this version helps put a wedge between Shakespeare and the general population at large - and I do not think that the Bard would be happy with that .
0 " Sir " John Gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one.;<br /><br />This is one of those films , I suppose , that is considered " art , " but do n't be fooled ..... it 's garbage . Stick to the " art " you can admire in a frame because the films that are labeled as such are usually unintelligible forgeries like this.<br /><br />In this masterpiece , Giegud recites Shakespeare 's " The Tempest " while the camera pans away to nude people . one of them a little kid urinating in a swimming pool . Wow , this is heady stuff and real " art , " ai n't it ? ? That 's just one example . Most of the story makes no sense , is impossible to follow and , hence , is one that Liberal critics are afraid to say they did n't " understand " so they give it high marks to save their phony egos . You want Shakespeare ? Read his books .
0 Every now and again you hear radio djs inviting listeners to nominate movies that the listener ca n't stand or never watched all the way through . This is the movie that I think of ... days later.<br /><br />It 's got something to do with a play by Shakespeare . Not sure , but I think I bailed on this movie some 20 odd minutes into it ... think I realised that my toenails would n't clip themselves , and they were looking at me imploringly to get cut.<br /><br />This movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me.<br /><br />Even though this is the first movie I 've given such a low score to ( which I 've actually attempted to watch ) , I would n't want to put you off other movies by it 's English director , Peter Greenaway . I remember thinking that his " The cook , the thief , his wife and her lover " was a truly great British film even though its content was at times stomach churning - a brilliant movie , but I can understand why people would balk at seeing it.<br /><br />Another good film by Greenaway was " A zed and two noughts " . Again , it had some content that pushed the boundaries of good taste , but was intriguing nonetheless.<br /><br />The other film that I usually think of too late for such radio show topics is " Brazil " . Never managed to watch that all the way through either - kept falling asleep!<br /><br />Unless you have a taste for self - important movies which are off - puttingly highly stylised , laboriously paced and difficult to follow , then steer clear of Prosero 's Books .
0 I saw this movie when it was released , and my distaste for it has stuck with me all these years . < br /><br />Here 's why : < br /><br />Greenaway 's goal seems to be to take every literary image in the Tempest and make it literal . If a character were to say , " my heart takes flight , " we 'd be shown an actual human heart , with pigeon wings attached , flapping across the screen . < br /><br />This process makes for some lush tableaux , but ultimately it 's a facile exercise . And it becomes deadly boring.<br /><br />I do n't begrudge the pleasure other viewers found in this movie , but it 's worth knowing that not everyone in the audience was enraptured .
0 This film was just painful to watch ... not in the good dramatic way that makes you cringe with emotions for well developed characters in dramatic situations ( yeah , I pretty much made that last sentence up as I went along ) , but in just an absolute dull way for OVER two hours . Now , you all may think I 'm just some ignorant reviewer who has no respect for Shakespeare or " artistic film - making " ... well , you 'd be wrong on both counts . I love the works of Shakespeare , especially the tragedies of Romeo and Juliet , Julius Caesar , Macbeth , and Hamlet , and I 've watched plenty of " arthouse " films such as the surreal and well - made Eraserhead and Fellini 's 8 1/2 ... but this was just over two hours of lost - in - translation Shakespeare , WAY too much nudity ( I can understand artistic nudity in SOME scenes ... but not in every other shot of a movie ! ! ! IT WAS POINTLESS AND SERVED NOTHING FOR THE STORY ! ! ! ) , and basically just overzealous film - making . I had high expectations for this film in that it was said to be " very artistic " and was an adaptation of Shakespeare 's The Tempest ... but this was just an extreme letdown . I gave this film a three ONLY because of Sir John Gielgud 's acting presence ( which far surpassed all of the no - names in this film ) and the cinematography / set design combination as it made a lot of scenes look like paintings in motion ... however , a lot of this film would 've been better off as JUST a painting with a scroll of text below it . A true disappointment ... maybe if Zeffirelli had been given the director 's chair , this would 've been much better . But this is one audience member 's opinion , many others may enjoy this far more than me . That being said , if you ca n't find this at any nearby video stores ( it 's currently not on DVD ) , do n't try to go too far out of your way to find it ... it 's not really worth it .
0 This is not the worst film I have seen of Peter Greenaway but it is close . That dishonor goes to the even worse Pillow Book . This director 's films of 3 I have seen I find them all to be miserable . Like The Cook ... ,whatever positive cinematic flourishes he displays , are totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation .
0 This seems like one of those movies that we think we should like , but I did n't . It seemed to be trying way too hard to be ' artsy ' . All flash , with no content . It has some beautiful scenes , and any one of them are nice to watch , but tack them all together and it becomes an arduous task just to sit through it . I rented this because of the glowing reviews on the video carton , and the fact that I 'm a big Shakespeare fan , but I was very disappointed . I just found it a bit pretentious and , at times , boring .
0 I bought a DVD of this film for my girlfriend who shares the same name as the ghost girl in this film , and enjoys movies about the paranormal . The movie was shot entirely on video , so it has the look of a PBS special about it . The special effects are phoney looking , but there are actually some scary moments in the movie that got us to jump in our seat . There is a particularly effective scare involving a Virgin Mary statue.<br /><br />HOWEVER , the acting is bad , the " plot " scenes are long and very boring , and I will tell you I have no clue what happened at the end . If you get the movie , rent it , if you buy it , please make sure you pay less than $ 5 .
0 JESSICA : A GHOST STORY is as the name implies a ghost story . The theme is meant to be horror but comes across closer to comedy!<br /><br />A woman comes who was brutally murdered comes back from the dead . This constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot . There is really nothing more to it . The movie comprises of a series of loosely connected scenes involving a guy who had an affair with this woman prior to her death.<br /><br />Immediately from the opening scenes , this movie has the appearance of a " straight - to - DVD " effort . Unlike gems such as VACANCY 2 , the movie has no sense of direction or creativity and certainly gives " straight - to - DVD " movies a bad name ! The direction is as poor as can be with a complete lack of suspense , scares or tension . Even the drama elements are hopelessly handled and represent something more boring than even the worst soap opera you may have had the misfortune of enduring.<br /><br />The acting across the board is absolutely abysmal with no one actor involved managing to show even the slightest potential of a successful acting career.<br /><br />Many of the individual scenes are incredibly long , with very long pauses between dialogue exchanges . I 'm not exaggerating!<br /><br />The only reason I give this movie a rating of 2 rather than 1 is because some of the poor acting combined with even worse dialogue made for a few unintentional laughs . I stress the word " few " in that sentence . This is not overall one of the " so - bad - it's - good " movies like CAMP BLOOD or THE NAIL GUN MASSACRE . If you want to laugh hysterically , watch those movies . If you want to see a proper horror movie about ghosts watch THE LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE , THE CHANGELING , RINGU , THE EYE ( original Korean version ) , THE GRUDGE , ONE MISSED CALL or PHONE.<br /><br />I advise anyone who has had the good fortune of avoiding seeing JESSICA : A GHOST STORY to keep up the good work ! Just forget this movie exists . Do n't spare a thought for it !
0 What do you get when you have bad acting , bad directing , scenes that are excruciatingly long , terrible lighting , painful editing , and awful effects ? You get Jessica : A Ghost Story Seems its shot on betacam , which is fine , but the lighting has to compliment this medium . In this case it does not . There are a few CU 's where the person 's face is entirely in shadow . One scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists . It 's a joke if you ask me . Some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half ... but I guess then they would n't have a film at feature length . The main character is incredibly flat . He 's the LEAD male , so he should have some " hero " elements to his character , but he does not . He whines and is scared the entire film . I could go on , but I do n't want to waste my time . Although the lighting was terrible , I must say that they did have nice camera movement . Too bad the lighting did n't compliment it . The cover of the DVD is nice , and that 's where it ends . Just terrible .
0 This subject matter deserves a much better script , and final result , than this movie serves up . The script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story , but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together . The gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous . The scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead , and have been looking for her since she was taken , is just bizarre . It is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a " missing poster " from when she was eight . In the real world , if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had , under his roof , a solved kidnapping , what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police . It 's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for Oprah . Everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that I can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation . Funny , that 's what this movie is supposed to be condemning . In the end it seems to have joined in .
0 I 'm a horror / gore movie freak and this flick was so bad , I felt embarrassed for not only the " actors " , but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.<br /><br />From the title , you 'd expect some great carnage , somewhat of a storyline and at LEAST some direction or dialog . Instead , you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual Three Stooges episode . At least I laugh at the Three Stooges . While watching this crap , I turned another TV on and started watching Howard Stern until something interesting happened.<br /><br />Needless to say , I kept watching Stern.<br /><br />Watching this " film " I realize that I could produce a film with three monkeys , 2 DV cameras , $ 50 dollars in loose change and a broken PC . This film is my inspiration to get into no - budget film making . Watch this movie if you dare , but be warned ... there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action . This makes " KaZaam " look like a Meryl Streep film.<br /><br />I'm sure Germany did n't ban it due to sex or violence . Other countries need to take heed .
0 I expect the same excitement as I SPIT ON YOUR GRAVE but I was let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno ) . It made my sick when the guy was made to eat his own business . There is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder . If you like seeing a women naked or even mens parts then there 's spots in the movie for and there 's even a masturbation spot in the movie which makes it a porno and not a movie at all . I have seen some dumb movies in my time but this is number 1 . I want be watching it again at all . The actors even look bored during the movie to me so they probably were in need of money badly to make this movie .
0 NO SPOILERS.<br /><br />I love horror movies , but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever . Calling it " a movie " is also a stretch . This " random - clips - of - obviously - fake - and - tacky - violence - and - an - ugly- woman - trying - to - act - sexy - edited - poorly - together " is not worth watching.<br /><br />Watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family 's holiday pictures , and it has about the same quality you would expect when you send your ten year old son into the woods with your new vid - cam , and tell him to make a movie.<br /><br />Terrible .
0 I watch bad movies.<br /><br />This movie is not good enough to be a bad movie . Not an ounce of humor , not an ounce of talent throughout.<br /><br />I am LAZY.<br /><br />Usually , I see a bad movie and curse . This was so bad , I actually made a review to try and save others from the completely boring mess I fell victim to.<br /><br />I am smashing my copy of this movie.<br /><br />It 's too lame even to use clear a room . So boring . Watch ' Bloodsucking Freaks ' or ' Shock , shock , shock ' for absolute crap that has some merit as entertainment . This sludge looks awful , is awful , and whoever made it should feel awful .
0 A young man kills a young woman for no reason . The man 's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice , but soon escapes . Upon escaping , the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot . If this is n't bad enough , the situation quickly makes a downward spiral.<br /><br />This film had some good aspects and many bad ones . Its strongest aspect was lead actress Emily Haack . Setting aside the fact she 's nude in a fair amount of this film , she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character . I see no reason she can not take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way . I was convinced she was a ruthless individual.<br /><br />Also , the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches . Graphic nudity ( both male and female ) , coprophagia , and extreme anal violence are not shied away from . I like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit , and this one ignored them altogether , gladly skipping towards Gomorrah . Maybe it was too much , but I think they achieved what they were looking for.<br /><br />But now the negative aspects . First , and most noticeable , this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this . I can excuse that -- the plot was decent , the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing ( a more realistic feel ) . So , I wo n't scold them for having low - grade equipment . What I will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots . For no reason I can ascertain ( besides plumping the movie ) , there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery . I do n't really know why , and I frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless.<br /><br />I also take issue with the title . The idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic " I Spit on Your Grave " . Now , there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film . And the themes are very loosely the same ( a woman getting revenge on men ) . But there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel . This was deceptive and dishonest.<br /><br />My last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense . Not even a little bit . A woman is killed in the beginning for no reason . A prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them , for no reason ( because they wronged his girlfriend ? ) . The same man goes from good to very evil without explanation . Likewise , the female lead ( Haack ) turns fro ma normal person to someone who is overly cruel and sadistic , for no reason at all , and against people who for the most part were only marginally mean to her ( a neighbor offering drugs for sex is wrong , but by no means worth getting tortured for).<br /><br />Don't let this title fool you , or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking . Yes , some scenes were shocking , but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap . If you see this in the video store or on Netflix , just keep browsing . Or rent it , and we can sit around and vent about it for hours . You have been warned .
0 Picture the fugly annoying goth kids from college in a scat film , throw in a pinch of story and a whole lot of awful acting , and you are still not even close to how bad this movie is.<br /><br />Shot badly , bad effects , worse acting . Contrived attempt at shocking horror . Everyone I 've showed this to gets kinda depressed watching it . The sex scenes are disturbing , not necessarily for their content , but more because they 're just something you want to end as soon as possible . The last sex scene is just foul , even before she gets to the guy.<br /><br />I'm one of those people that loves to watch movies that people hate , which is why I picked this one up . But for your own sake , save yourself the time and avoid this abhorrence . It 's that bad . I literally threw it in the garbage .
0 good lord ! ( and that coming from an atheist ) , this " movie " is bad ! < br /><br />much has already been said by the reviewers before ( the ones who rated this piece 3 and below ) to which I fully agree , I just like to add a few things : < br /><br />among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products , got chopped up by an Axe , raped by a broomstick , had their balls blown away - the ex - boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl 's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table ( as do we , but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).<br /><br />had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes , our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.<br /><br />the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are Emily Haack 's tits ( one point).<br /><br />forget it . do n't buy it . do n't waste your time . and your sanity . my brain is so fried after watching this I feel the urgent need to watch ( and suffer ? ) " Scrapbook " right now .
0 With a title like that , it 's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did NOT appeal to me . Granted , there 's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore , but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse " shock " tactics ... The inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road . He and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods . He ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement . The heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her , a " grabby " neighbor , and her sexually abrasive boss . He explains to her that he is going to kill them all . She winds up killing HIM and then turning her focus towards the men ( or pigs ) whom she tortures and kills , herself ... Most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild . The best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man - rape ... Surely , " I Spit on Your Corpse , I P!ss on Your Grave " was intended as an unofficial sequel to " I Spit on Your Grave " - based on , mainly the title , and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was Camille Keaton . I personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion ! This movie is a boring , amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably ...
0 Am I wrong , or is the 2007 version just a rip - off of the original ? I have to ask because the DVD I just bought is one of the worst films I have ever seen ..... bad acting , bad editing etc .... the only " exploitation " aspect here is how we were ripped off for our money buying this piece of crap . It is nothing more than a light - weight porn flick ... no real gore , no scary images , just a cheaply done bit of garbage . If anyone wants to see an excellent film with no name actors , some slimy gore and a decent storyline ... get Baby Blood ... also done on a cheap budget but well made ... and an actual story too!I Spit was a waste of money but I 'll keep it just for a laugh .... it is pathetic ! New comment .... Sept 3 ..... I'll keep this film forever just because it it SOOOOO bad it 's almost good .... in a really bad way .... the worst acting ever ... a real crap - movie classic !
0 In director Eric Stanze 's ' ISOYC , IPOYG ' , three men are subjected to torture at the the hands of a woman that they have all sexually abused . The first victim is forced to eat his own crap , before being axed to death . The next bloke ends up with a bullet in the crotch after refusing to have anal sex with the first guy 's corpse . But it 's the third man who gets it the worst : he has to watch the heavily tattooed ' star ' Emily Haack get naked and masturbate with a broom handle ( oh , he also gets the handle shoved up his butt too!).<br /><br />And , unfortunately , so do we ( get to see her masturbate , that isnot get a broom handle up our butts!).<br /><br />Yes , ' ISOYC , IPOYG ' is one harsh viewing experience , not because of its relentless violence , but because Haack , who is obviously under the misguided notion that she has the body of a goddess ( as opposed to that of a roadie for Metallica ) constantly gets buck naked for the camera . It ai n't a pretty sight.<br /><br />In addition to the non - stop nudity from an inked - up Haack , viewers also get to see dreadful direction from Stanze ( who thinks that endless shots of tombstones and trees is entertaining stuff ) , some really bad acting , and a fat guy 's penis.<br /><br />Strangely enough , I give ' ISOYC , IPOYG ' a rating of 3/10 , which is actually slightly higher than its current 2.9 average . That 's one point for the messy axe attack ( which , being a gore - hound , I actually enjoyed ) ; one point for the bit where the fat guy gets his face pushed in chocolate mousse masquerading as feces ( hilarious ) ; and one point for the sheer nerve to suggest that this film might somehow be a sequel to Meir Zarchi 's superior exploitation classic I Spit On Your Grave .
0 ... through the similarly minded antics of Eric Stanze . A not - particularly talented director has helmed a not - particularly good movie , yet I still found myself sitting through it to the closing credits , if for nothing more than to see what happens next.<br /><br />A rapist escapes from prison and calls up his old flame . After capturing her ( even though she came willingly ) and threatening her into having sex ( another event she was also willing to do ) he reveals that he has kidnapped three guys who wronged her in the past . He then decides to kill her ( huh ? ) but is foiled and dies instead . The girl 's mind snaps ( or something like that ) and she takes out her rage on the unlucky chaps in the basement.<br /><br />Alright , the writing sucks : it 's long winded , loaded with ten - cent words and there is WAY too much of it.<br /><br />The acting sucks : what a minute , what acting ? < br /><br />The filming sucks : home video is bad enough , but 20 minutes of graveyard footage is just a damn insult.<br /><br />And the budget is a joke : get it ... 'budget ' , that was the punchline.<br /><br />And yet there was a charm to the thing . Back in the 70 's these kind of movies came out in theatres with actual budgets and talent attached to them , not in this day and age though . If you want to watch this kind of violent , sexually exploitive trash ( do n't lie , some of us do ) then this is all your gon na get nowadays.<br /><br />Some brief hardcore shots in a sex scene , torture with fecal material , fun with axes , anal rape by broom stick and a lengthy shot of the crazy chick masturbating with the same broom stick are some of the better items on the menu.<br /><br />It 's not good and it wo n't be remembered , but not since the heyday of Joe D'amato have people made movies like this.<br /><br />4/10
0 This movie is extremely boring , it tells a story of a female gas station owner and her life . Nothing exciting ever happens . The director has really " kept it real " and it feels just like a camera following a woman around as she lives her life . I had to watch other films by this director for a class , the others were not as boring . This film was also watched for an assignment ... it better be worth the boringness with a good grade ! ! Overall , unless it 's required , do n't watch the film . But do n't discount other films by this director , because they 're not as bad ... and do n't discount other films about Africa , they 're usually good , especially when done by a western director .
0 There is one really good scene in Faat Kine . The title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened , Faat Kine sprays her in the face . The scene works because the act is so unexpected , bizarre , and rather funny at the same time . In that one instance , writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for , an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours . In the scene , he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions . For the rest of the movie , the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones . < br /><br />The tone is all over the place . It 's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre , but I do n't think Faat Kine fits into any genre . Supposedly , it 's a drama , though there are moments of such broad comedy ( the aforementioned spraying in the face ) that it can not be taken seriously . On the other hand , the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics Sembene has crammed into the picture . There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together . Unfortunately , Semebene does n't find that balance . Instead , one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason , leaving two different tones hanging in the wind . < br /><br />Faat Kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale . The film ends with a big party where all the characters ' conflicts are resolved , only they are n't resolved quickly . The scene lasts longer than any other scene , going on for probably twenty minutes . Because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering , the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene , making for a frustrating viewing experience.<br /><br />Perhaps I am being too hard on Faat Kine . I am not the right audience for it . I felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story . There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters . However , I was unable to do so and thus can not recommend it .
0 Few films have left me with such a feeling of unease , and this is not a compliment . Since I saw it in a theater ( How it ended there I can only wonder ) I was subjected to 90 mn of hateful , derivative garbage , the main impression being a bit like this other sick - o movie " Do n't answer the phone " - but worse . The nastiness of it all , rape and all , is shown without any distance ( unlike strong stuff like " Last house on the left " ) and utter contempt for the ( perfect ? ) victims and everybody involved , leaving the viewer to be treated as a sadistic voyeur . At the end I felt like taking a shower . No credits to the director
0 While not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works , this slow - moving , repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half , but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.<br /><br />To be sure , the actors are above average - considering this is an Argento movie - and some moments show the director 's visual skills , but whole sequences should 've been cut and , basically , it 's just the same exploitative trash as ever , wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.<br /><br />3 out of 10 genetic disorders
0 THE CAT O'NINE TAILS ( Il Gatto a Nove Code ) < br /><br />Aspect ratio : 2.35:1 ( Cromoscope)<br /><br />Sound format : Mono < br /><br />(35 mm and 70 mm release prints)<br /><br />A blind ex - journalist ( Karl Malden ) overhears a blackmail plot outside a genetics research laboratory and later teams up with a fellow reporter ( James Franciscus ) to investigate a series of murders at the lab , unwittingly placing their own loved ones at the mercy of a psychopathic killer.<br /><br />Rushed into production following the unexpected worldwide success of his directorial debut THE BIRD WITH THE CRYSTAL PLUMAGE ( 1969 ) , Dario Argento conceived THE CAT O'NINE TAILS as a giallo - thriller in much the same vein as its forerunner , toplining celebrated Hollywood actor Karl Malden - fresh from his appearance in PATTON ( 1969 ) - and rising star Franciscus ( THE VALLEY OF GWANGI ) . Sadly , the resulting film - which the ads claimed was ' nine times more suspenseful ' than " Bird " - is a disappointing follow - up , impeccably photographed and stylishly executed , but too plodding and aimless for general consumption.<br /><br />Malden and Franciscus are eminently watchable in sympathetic roles , and cinematographer Enrico Menczer ( THE DEAD ARE ALIVE ) uses the wide Cromoscope frame to convey the hi - tech world in which Argento 's dark - hearted scenario unfolds , but the subplot involving Euro starlet Catherine Spaak ( THE LIBERTINE ) as Franciscus ' romantic interest amounts to little more than unnecessary padding . Highlights include an unforgettable encounter with the black - gloved assassin in a crowded railway station ( edited with sleek assurance by cult movie stalwart Franco Fraticelli ) , and a nocturnal episode in which Malden and Franciscus seek an important clue inside a mouldering tomb and fall prey to the killer 's devious machinations . But despite these flashes of brilliance , the film rambles aimlessly from one scene to the next , simmering gently without ever really coming to the boil . It 's no surprise that " Cat " failed to emulate the runaway success of " Bird " when released in 1971.<br /><br />(English version )
0 Rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so badly . Griffin Dunne , Rosanna Arquette , Illeana Douglas , Ethan Hawke , Dennis Hopper , Christopher Walken , and John Turturro , all jumped on board , only to be torpedoed by a script that seems like nothing more than a Hollywood in joke . Attaching Martin Scorsese 's name to this was probably the draw , but the end result is way less than the sum of it 's parts . Resembling a nightmare gone horribly wrong , each scene seems more contrived than the next . " Search and Destroy " is nothing more than abstract , stylish , self indulgent nonsense , and the entire film is decidedly dull .......... MERK
0 From the start , you know how this movie will end . It 's so full of clichés your typical NRA member will not even like this movie . I give it 2 out of 10 , only because of the acting of William Benton . I ca n't believe people voted 6 + for this movie . It 's so biased towards a ' certain point of view ' ( once a thief ... ) . People are n't born bad . Neither are they born good . They are born with a clean slate . It 's society , parents and education what makes them who they are . And if they take the wrong turn , somewhere down the line , it certainly is n't going to be the American penal system that gets them back on track ! Anyway , avoid this movie like the plague . I bet you have better things to do with your time than waste it on this piece of crap.<br /><br / >
0 This is an extremely boring film . If you grew up during the Vietnam Was , as I did , then you 've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now . But what really makes this film boring is the narration by director Carlton Sherwood . The majority of the film is shot with Sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.<br /><br />If you 're old enough to remember Vietnam , then you wo n't find anything new here . There is no new evidence to condemn John Kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on Vietnam . Younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see George Butler 's excellent film Going Upriver ! Stolen Honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on John Kerry , but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal .
0 The British Public School system did not evolve solely with the idea of educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread misconception . It was designed to produce administrators and governors , civil servants and military men to run the British Colonies . These people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes . When the Public Schools had begun to show their worth the scions of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than be educated at home by tutors and governesses as had previously been the case . They tended to favour the schools nearer " Town " so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parent . The vast majority of Public Schools took their pupils from lower down the social scale . Tom Brown , perhaps the most famous Public School pupil ever , was the son of a country parson , not a belted earl . Thus in late 1960s England , a country in the throes of post - colonial guilt and shedding the last of its commitments to its former dependants as quickly as Harold Wilson could slip off his " Gannex " mac , Lindsay Anderson 's " If " was greeted with cathartic joy by the chattering classes and mild bemusement by everyone else . It must be remembered that the so - called " summer of love " was followed by the " October Revolution " a non - event that left a few policemen in London with bruised heads and the U.S. Embassy with one or two broken windows , but achieved absolutely nothing . So when Mr Anderson 's film reached the cinemas the disgruntled former revolutionaries revelled vicariously in what they saw as Mr Malcolm McDowell 's glorious victory over an amorphous " Them " despite the fact that he was ruthlessly gunned down at the end , a fate that would have undoubtedly overtaken them had they succeeded in their attempts to get into the U.S.Embassy . The film told us nothing new about Public Schools , homosexuality , bullying cold showers , patrician sarcastic teachers , silly traditions.an all - too familiar list .It was declared to be an allegory comparing Britain to the corrupt , crumbling society represented by the school . Well , nearly forty years on the same schools are still flourishing , the British social system has not changed , the " October Revolution " has been long forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and Mr Anderson has completed his " State of the Country " trilogy to no effect whatsoever . If by any chance you should wish to read a book about schoolboys who did buck the system rather more successfully than Mr McDowell and his friends and furthermore lived to tell the tale , find a copy of " Stalky & Co."written by the man whose much - maligned poem " If " lent it 's name to Mr Anderson 's film , a man born in colonial India , a man whose work is quietly being airbrushed out of our literary history . And do it before the chattering classes succeed in declaring him a non - person . Perhaps somebody should start a revolution about that .
0 I 've read reviews that apparently you have to have been a student in a very strict , British school in the 1960 's to understand this . Maybe that 's true , if so , then this movie is outdated.<br /><br />*************SPOILER ALERT * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * The ending makes about as much sense as all the kids who 're anti - government and anti - corporation without having any better solution that does n't torch society to a Mad Max type cinder.<br /><br />Yeah , the main characters could leave , but they do n't . The reasons they go about this do n't make sense . There is n't enough character development to explain why . What shooting up a bunch of innocent people is supposed to mean is never explained or even hinted at . It is mentioned that war is the final creative expression , quite possibly the only revelation that any characters of this movie have , and it makes no sense.<br /><br />The characters who go on a murder spree are n't fighting the institution , they 're just killing people . I thought they might 've used all the explosives to blow up the place or at least the sanctuary at the end , that would 've made greater symbolic sense , but they didn't.<br /><br />tl;dr - This movie is an adolescent 's daydream of fighting against authority that plagues them , though in reality they need . It has no moral , symbolic truth , or meaning to it ; this movie simply plays out the fantasy of killing teachers and people in " power " that annoy you.<br /><br />If you think a murder rampage/ school shooting similar to columbine or virginia tech is a rational and sensible way to deal with teachers and institutions you do n't like , then I guess you 'll love this movie . If you 're like me and you 're working towards making a life for yourself instead of just blindly ( very blindly in this movie ) rebelling against " the man " , this movie is juvenile and boring.<br /><br />You can also tell in parts that funding was lacking , and the story seemed to have a touch of attention deficit disorder.<br /><br />All in all , this seems like a very rough draft of what could 've been an okay movie , but no effort is put into the dialogue , character development , or moral so it 's just ... poorly done.<br /><br />If ... only I could get my two hours back .
0 Ah , the spirit of ' 68 . The streets of Paris were running wild with rebellion , the hippies were high on the spirit of love . How was Britain marking this age of radicalism and revolution ? Erm , by the looks of it , dear Old Blighty was focusing on making films about boys in boarding schools . If ... contains the evil establishment . It contains the uprising of the oppressed . What it lacks in contrast to the Parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is any sense of excitement , except in its all - out ammo - and - artillery fire ending.<br /><br />Lindsay Anderson 's If ... stars the ever - marvellous Malcolm McDowell as one of three private school pupils who decorate their dorm with photos of Lenin and other left - wing radicals . It 's clearly an anti - establishment movie in its depiction of the evil upper - class oiks who rule the roost and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish - posh public school standard . What makes If ... unusual though is that for all its radical sympathies , it does n't explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system , instead it just kind of floats : lacking in plot and lacking in personality.<br /><br />Surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black - and - white to colour again ( is it due to the low budget or is it an arty expression ? ) , but there is little of interest to speak of . All we get is the poignant denouement where the young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot down the shady overlords of the establishment . Hooray ! A revolution ! At last something that demands a second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming.<br /><br />If ... could have been a powerful political statement , but as it is it drifts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end . Instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late - Sixties , it only succeeds in being a dazed document of upper - class British education . Anarchy ? Apathy more like , the only man many viewers will want to stick it to after watching If ... will be Lindsay Anderson .
0 if .... is the cinematic equivalent of Sgt . Pepper 's : Revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation , and viewed as rather a silly bit of business by preceding and subsequent generations . Now that the children of the middle classes the world over are seemingly super human due to the internet , and view the prospect of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the Harry Potter books / films , the relevance of if .... could n't be further from modern concern . In fact , many scenes appear so alien and exaggerated as to hint at an inspiration for Pink Floyd 's The Wall.<br /><br />One should never hold personal bias against a film while reviewing , and the cemented date of this film aside , there are a few flaws which others have overlooked . Lindsay Anderson was known to be a fan of Luis Buñuel , on top of generally being too smart for his own good . And despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts , the latter portion of the piece it taken hostage by cod Buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism . Anderson was n't capable of this feat due to his over - intelligent cynicism , failing to see that Buñuel was jovial in his work . I have not found a critic whom champions the ' Chaplain in a drawer ' , and am almost certain it still gets sideways looks from those who adore this film . The ending is not so much a concise punch to the established class / values system , as a wet slap on a moving target.<br /><br />The British public school system was firmly for the middle classes ( the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors ) . And the modus operandi of if .... was to check the boxes of public school life which Lindsay believed had been unexplored in film , thereby savaging middle class pretense . Homosexuality , generational cutlery , cold showers et al . In reality , such issues HAD been covered in many other great British films , if .... merely brought them to the fore . The Browning Version was a more oblique damning of such pomp , to name but one.<br /><br />if .... is oddly quaint , and simply can not be viewed with modern ( especially American ) eyes . Kudos to Anderson for avoiding Mick and Kieth in favour of African chant , and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones . Points deducted for pretension , establishing characters who disappear , and inciting a glib revolution which came to naught .
0 I just saw " If  " I can remember the advertisements for the movie from 1968 , so I was interested in finally seeing it . It may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and misses some of the social references , but I thought the movie was awful . For one thing , as others have pointed out , it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed - at - the - time revolt to break out . For another , whether the last scene is real or imagined , what occurs is n't a revolt , but a shooting rampage . There 's quite a difference.<br /><br />I know it may be bad form to judge a movie on subsequent events , but one can not avoid doing it here . One person wrote a message board posting asking us not to compare the end of movie to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech . But if there 's a scintilla of difference between Klebold , Harris and Cho on the one hand and Travis ( Malcom McDowell ) on the other , I simply ca n't see it . All four of them were under the delusion that their gunfire is going to purify a f___-ed up world that they arrogantly take no responsibility for.<br /><br />Which brings me to : why the hell are Travis and his chums even in a school they so despise ? They are adults , or close to it . They 're not in a military prison , like the inmates in " The Hill , " a much better British film from about the same time . No one is forcing them to go to College and take beatings from the the whips , except maybe ambitious parents in need of a wake - up about the nature of their sons . I had the opportunity in college to join a frat , except I could n't stand to be given silly , cruel orders by delinquents claiming to be my prospective " brothers . " I took the consequences of not having the " in " with the Establishment that frats provide , and I ca n't say I regretted it.<br /><br />If Travis fancies himself the second coming of Lenin ( whose unbearded picture hangs prominently in his room ) he 's free to go out and organize a fitter 's union or work for Michael Foot in the next election . If he wants to be Jack Kerouac , then get on the road and start writing . What possible benefit is he giving the world in joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room?<br /><br />Sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in " Last Tango In Paris " where Brando mopes about having had to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes . In the real world , the person said , a listener would say " Why did n't you scrape it off ? Change your shoes ? " --Don't allow fictional characters to lay a self - pity trip on you because you do n't dare point out an common - sense alternative course of action for them . So it is here .
0 Lindsay Anderson was very much a European film maker , whereas the likes of David Lean , Ridley Scott and Alan Parker make spectacular movies involving visuel scope Anderson`s movie are more about social commentary and subtext , so much so that the message often ends up taking over the entire film whose primary function should be to entertain the audience < br /><br />What you think of IF comes down to what you think of British film makers . I`m very much of the view that cinema should be a universial medium ( The best Brit movie makes are those who try to emulate Hollywood in my opinion ) , if you want to send a message try pony express , and I find the movie dated , pretentious and too set in the 1960s . 1968 was the summer of love and the year of student rebellion in France . You can just imagine every single French leftist worshipping this movie especially the climax . French new wave film makers will also admire the abstract surrealism of some scenes but a mainstream international will dislike it , and many will dislike it intensely
0 That is quite an outdated movie which aims to showcase the youth 's yearning for freedom in some dehumanizing British school . Oh yes it 's like in the army , you learn to obey and do what you 're asked to . Yes the young dream of something else but it breaks their dreams and sweeps away their optimism on the threshold of life . Great.<br /><br />Basically that 's how you could sum up the nice intentions in If ... Nice intentions that arouses no cinematographic challenges : the result is a declamatory movie . Do you see how boring I mean?<br /><br />At least that oldie helped Kubrick cast McDowell in A Clockwork Orange , a movie with a truly powerful social satire and no self - indulgent sentimentalism .
0 I did n't like this Bill Murray vehicle when it was originally released in the 80s , so I tried watching it again to see if my distaste for this film was down to my movie - going tastes in the 80s or was it that " Stripes " is simply a bad movie . Well , the verdict is in and " Stripes " is a bad movie.<br /><br />Now , " Stripes " may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s , and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are Bill Murray fans , but its still a bad movie.<br /><br />Why is it bad ? Mostly because " Stripes " is supposed to be a comedy but it 's just not that funny . There are some laughs , but they are few and far between . Most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting . This lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you 're used to more contemporary comedies such as " Anchorman " which strive for laughs in every part of the movie.<br /><br />"Stripes " further suffers from Bill Murray and Harold Ramis 's lack of acting ability . Bill Murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career , and Harold Ramis is playing Harold Ramis . These two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie.<br /><br />Lastly , most of the comedy that there is in " Stripes " revolves around Bill Murray 's self - centered , smart - alec man - child character so if you do n't find that character funny ( like I did n't ) you 're not going to find most of what little comedy there is in " Stripes " funny either.<br /><br />"Stripes " is very much a movie of its era , it has n't aged well and is not worth watching . If you want to watch an early 80 's " buddy " comedy I would recommend " Stir Crazy . " Like " Stripes " the humor in " Stir Crazy " is not as fast - paced as in contemporary comedies , but unlike " Stripes " it has aged much better and as a result is still watchable .
0 Possibly not , but it is awful . Even the fantastic cast ca nt save it . OK , I admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the Generals house . Bill Murray turned from being a quick witted , humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just were n't funny , its like he was trying too hard to be funny . His character stole a weapon ( an RV ? come on ... ) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers , for a laugh . One good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the US Army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are , albeit unintentionally . I actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released .
0 * * * * * WARNING , MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS WHICH WILL BE MORE ENTERTAINING THAN THIS TRIPE . * * * * < br /><br />Heres some good advise to anyone living in the U.K. Whenever Channel 5 has an old 80 's comedy on late at night , read a book instead . I am currently in the process of recovering from a seizure , due to reading some of the comments on this film on here . I am actually shocked at the fact that someone actually said this film was realistic ! All I can say is thank god the Cold War never escalated or else we might as well have given the Commie 's our borders ... I found this film dire in the utmost pretence , maybe it is just my British perception of what makes a film funny , who knows ? But in all aspects , this film is not just awful , its teeth grindingly terrible.<br /><br />I've never been a fan of Bill Murray , and its rubbish like this that justify my feelings towards him . Do n't get me wrong , I loved Ghostbuster 's , which was made only three years after this film . But this just sums Bill Murray up really . I can safely say that I have n't wasted my time so blatantly like this since seeing the first running of Operation Delta Force over here , though these two films have more in common than you would think . For 1 thing , they both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end , and 2nd . They are both riddled with cheesy Cliché 's , throughout.<br /><br />Heres one thing , these guys are supposed to be in the " U.S Army " . Yet they are allowed to wallow around their Camp , Willy nilly , seducing female Military Police Officers , and subsequently shagging them silly in the Generals Quarters . Talk about Random ! This film is just terrible for this I 'm afraid . Now do n't get me wrong , I 'm no feminist sympathiser , but the fact that these two women actually fall hands over heels in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them , letting them go free ... Twice , is just insulting to the female race . The fact that one tatty haired , fat lipped bum ( Winger ) and his hapless sidekick Ramis can simply sweet talk themselves into into the MP 's underwear , to which they fall madly in love with the two of them is nothing short of ludicrous.<br /><br />Then there is the training scenes , where you get to meet the Squad " Phycho " who unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his stuff , followed by the overweight bloke ( played by the late and great John Candy ) who claims he joined the army to " avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes " . Leading to loud mouthed Murray paying tribute to the " Giant Toe , " ( WTF ? ) ' Drill Seargent ' who honestly could n't organise a pi$$ up in a brewery , let alone his band of recruits . All this scene serves to do is to prelude loads of fight scenes , with people saying " way to go ass hole ' ! " all the time , etc etc.<br /><br />The scenes then carry on showing the rag tag bunch making utter tits of themselves on the Assault Course , leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly into the air at some passing birds with an assault rifle , peppering a watch tower with bullets . ( Just like that . Yep , told you this film was random ... He miraculously escapes undisciplined as well ... ) Eventually Leading up the the passing out parade , where the hapless squad make a magic turn around within the space of two hours . ( Bugger me , Miracle ! ) Thanks to some wise words from Murray , to which they then direct a massively none military like dance routine in front of a Geriatric ' General ' in front of the rest of the squads . All of this to the immense pleasure of their two Girlfriends on the stand , who really should 've been arresting them ... Everyone laughs it off though . This bit is nothing short of amazing though . He then chooses them to guard a new Multi - Million Dollar Prototype Armoured Vehicle in Italy ( which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with loads of gadgets on the inside ) , claiming " This is exactly what this Army needs ! " righto ... <br /><br />Then there is the dire finale , where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this top - secret prototype Military Vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat Hyperactive MP Girlfriends in Germany . To which the Hapless Captain ( John Larroquette ) then finds out and leads the Squad of fresh recruits on a retrieval Mission for this vehicle . To which they then take a " wrong turn " en - route and end up in Soviet Held Czechoslovakia , where they are captured . ( Like we did n't see that coming ... ) Thus begins a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray + Birds in hand , to which is where a big fight , loads of shooting from the hip and blowing tanks up . With them coming back as National Heroes , humiliating the Russians by calling them " pussies , " etc etc . The end . That s right . No Courts Martial , nothing . They only just stole a prototype Military vehicle , drove it into a Warsaw Pact country and almost caused an International incident which could 've sparked WW3!<br /><br />This film is honestly more fun that being diagnosed with a terminal illness . I know its meant to be a Comedy , it got all the right actors for it , but where in the hell is it ? Have Channel 5 cuts those bits out ? The only redeeming feature in this film is the repetitive use of naked women taking showers , and female Mud Wrestling . ( like I said , Random ) Not that it helps to divert from the fact that this is an utterly crap film , of course . This film should realistically be aimed at immature 9 year old 's , sadly , we have to watch it instead . 1 star out of 10 - Total Tripe . My advice , do something a little more useful with your time . Like Castrating yourself ...
0 What an insult to the SA film industry ! I have seen better SA films . The comments I read about Hijack Stories , by saying it is worthy of a ten out of ten is quite scary . A movie 's rating should not depend on .. , " OH , A MOVIE FROM A DEVELOPING COUNTRY . LETS BOOST THEIR INDUSTRY BY SAYING NICE THINGS ABOUT THEIR WORK , EVEN THOUGH IT IS BAD . " We have the expertise to make good movies . Do n't judge the film industry on what people say how great they think Hijack Stories is . We can tell great stories such as Cry the beloved Country and Shaka Zulu . Cry the beloved Country I 'll give 9 out of 10 . Great directing by Darryl , great acting by two great elderly actors , irrespective from where they are . Hijack Stories .. , I 'll give 1 out of 10 . It could only be people involved in the project who would give it high scores . I would 've done the same if it was my movie .
0 Set in South Africa , a young black guy tries to land a part in a ' gangsta ' movie . But with no knowledge of street life , he 's told to find out what that life is really like or he wo n't get the part . He manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the film decline as he commits crimes to be accepted . But for the gang 's leader , the burgeoning disaster of his new friend 's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own.<br /><br />While that may sound relatively interesting , it 's anything but . The first half of it is incredibly meandering and tedious , while the " hijacking " only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chases . In those " chases " , only two police cars are used , both of which are early 90 's Nissan Sunny 's . Not only would these be rather cheap to pick up ( and I find it rather hard to believe they 'd be using such mundane old cars in South Africa in the year 2000 ) , but as far as I can remember , there 's only 2 involved and none of them get a scratch once . The car chases are very badly shot , with distant and badly timed camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads , and they 're all over in around 2 minutes at maximum as you 're supposed to believe that a very small kid is actually a highly skilled driver who can easily evade the police despite the driving being pedestrian and utterly unexciting . This now leads me onto the characters and the acting , which are equally bad . The aforementioned kid who drives the car , looks about 13 years old and supposedly is extremely skilled at losing the incredibly inept police . Everybody else is equally unconvincing , so much that they even look bored at times themselves.<br /><br />At the closing scene of the movie , our main character ( " Sox Moraka " ) is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a car park . While having trouble opening it , the Police arrive and ask him what he 's doing and he replies by telling him it 's their car . After a brief argument they try to arrest him and he then holds the Police at gunpoint and jumps back in their car . After he 's in , the Police return fire and in turn he gets wounded . After another pathetic chase sequence , they decide to abandon the car and set it alight to destroy any evidence . What follows here is one of the most downright laughable and hideously awful special effects I 've ever seen . When the car " explodes " , superimposed flames suddenly appear from every window with awful sound effects that are n't even in time . It 's so badly done and so phony looking that it 's hard to even put it into words , and really needs to be seen to be believed . If you watch it in slow motion it looks even funnier . I 've seen better effects than this in murder reconstruction documentaries . The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi . Something that would n't be worth a huge amount at all , and they seriously could n't afford to destroy it with a real explosion ? I 'd love to know how large the budget for this movie was . It feels so cheap that I 'm surprised it made it outside of South Africa , and even more surprised it made it to a DVD release.<br /><br />I know it 's not a big budget Hollywood production . I know it 's meant to depict gangs in impoverished townships of South Africa who steal cars from the middle class in and sell the parts on the black market , but with the laughable effects , poorly executed car chases , awful acting and ludicrous characters , any sense of reality is completely lost.<br /><br />Overall , I most certainly do NOT advise you to watch this . If you want to have a laugh and see one of the most poorly done , low budget messes of amovie ever created , then I 'd recommend it for that , and only that.<br /><br />It is a wretched , poorly made , poorly edited , poorly paced and tedious piece of low budget drivel that fails on all counts . I 've seen many South African movies , including lots of cheap NuImage / Nu - World action pictures , and despite their cheesiness , they 're far better than this on all counts .
0 From a plot and movement standpoint , this movie was terrible . I found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did . Basically , five characters appear in the movie , A Son & Father , son 's girl friend , and two male characters of the son 's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation . The movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo - eroticism , but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another . There were a couple of brilliant scenes . At the beginning of the movie , the son 's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation . The photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two , ending with her admitting to having another man who was " older " . End of that story .
0 The film begins with promise , but lingers too long in a sepia world of distance and alienation . We are left hanging , but with nothing much else save languid shots of grave and pensive male faces to savour . Certainly no rope up the wall to help us climb over . It 's a shame , because the concept is not without merit.<br /><br />We are left wondering why a loving couple - a father and son no less - should be so estranged from the real world that their own world is preferable when claustrophobic beyond all imagining . This loss of presence in the real world is , rather too obviously and unnecessarily , contrasted with the son having enlisted in the armed forces . Why not the circus , so we can at least appreciate some colour ? We are left with a gnawing sense of loss , but sadly no enlightenment , which is bewildering given the film is apparently about some form of attainment not available to us all .
0 This film is beautiful to look at , but is like watching really bad experimental theater . The plot ( if there was one ) does n't make any sense . But it is very " artistic " . Lots of shots of half - dressed actors wrestling and looking deep into each other 's eyes . Lots of arty shots through windows and with people out of frame . Mumbling and people wandering wistfully . Lingering close - ups of faces and bodies . By the time you get to the threesome on the roof with the cat , you 'll be ready to throw a bottle of KY at the screen.<br /><br />It is supposed to be about a father and son 's relationship , but you will just be wishing the two of them would just f*$ & each other and get it over with . If you have always wanted to see bad Russian gay porn without any money shots , your wish has been granted .
0 Like wearing a hair shirt . Positively , absolutely , without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever . Pure torture . Zero stars out of ten . One long , tedious , labored , pretentious , self - conscious , theatrical , and leadenly artsy scene after another . Intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic , the soul bared , it is , instead , morose mush . < br /><br />Half - naked , father and son grope and whisper to each other like lovers . " Homo - erotic " is the point , loud and clear . OK , so what ? < br /><br />Repeated more than once by the son is the line , supposedly lifted from " Lives of the Saints , " " A father 's love crucifies . A loving son lets himself be crucified . " The parallel to god and his son , Christ , is heavy - handed , irrelevant , and bombastic , like everything else here . < br /><br />Some reference points to the theme of Russian filiality : " Mother and Son " ( 1997 ) ; " The Return " ( Andrei Zvyagvatsev , 2003 ) ; " Little Odessa " ( James Gray,1994 ) ; Turgenev , " Fathers and Sons " ; and , of course , Dostoyevsky , " The Brothers Karamazov." < br /><br />Credits in English indicate intended international distribution , meaning that the excuse can not be used that you have to be Russian to understand this mess . < br /><br />This is nowhere near as accomplished or compelling as Sokurov 's last , " Russian Ark " ( 2003).<br /><br />As in his " Mother and Son , " an equally powerful soporific , some scenes are filmed from distorting mirrors , though not as interestingly . The film is almost monochromatic , shot from start to finish through beige filters , making it as visually as it is dramatically numbing . A soft - focus haze only adds to the drugged feeling.<br /><br />An annoying soundtrack drones on , never shuts up , like a tape loop . An old radio constantly plays in the background . Russian Romantic melancholy swells endlessly as " themes based on Tchaikovsky . " The presence of a " sound designer " ( Sergei Moshkov ) signifies , of course , that all those irritating little sounds , radio static , noises , distortion , and such , are " designed . " < br /><br />It 's hard to believe someone ( Sergei Potepolov ) actually wrote this thing . It all seems as arbitrary as traffic , as if improvised by bored actors , popping out of nothingness into nothingness.<br /><br />Modern art has finally succeeded in signifying the thing without being the thing , so that what we behold is the idea of the idea , empty as a shell , but not even a shell , merely the idea of a shell . Could one ask for a better definition of decadence ?
0 I consider myself to be a bit of a snob when it comes to everything and although the cinematic experience is more suited to explosions than high drama , I can be very stuck up about films , too.<br /><br />Not all art films , however , are better than King Kong . I quite possibly would give Kong two stars , double this film 's haul.<br /><br />My guess is that people got so excited about this because it was almost identical in style to what you can see in a play . For the less discerning art - buff , a film that looks like a play is ' great art'.<br /><br />This film , however , was useless.<br /><br />There was hardly any story so it relied on high drama . The only drama in this film was whether the cat would drop off the roof or not . So , deep and meaningful dialogue , then ? No . Great acting ? Hardly.<br /><br />To be excessively fair : Some of the scenery was interesting , though : Communist flats , city vistas ( Petersburg ? ) and the Soviet trams still in service .
0 There are two kinds of characters on THE SHIELD : people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing , and people who relentlessly pursue their own self interest and commit every mortal sin they can while telling themselves and everyone else that they are heroes , and everyone 's only hope . More than any other show , THE SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self - delusion . Unfortunately , the hypocrites and self - deluders are the shows heroes , and as such have the typical genre - fiction heroes ' improbable immunity to getting defeated or caught and they come out on top over and over again , making fools out of all of their peers.<br /><br />The show boasts excellent camera - work . The lead ins and the fade outs are always superb . It really is a work of art to see . Unfortunately the story is a cartoony , overwrought wish fulfillment scenario of gratuitous violence , rape , and lies.<br /><br />The hero , who drags everyone down with him in failed scheme after failed scheme , is wiley like a warner bros cartoon character , always escaping and making fun of all the elmer fudds ( anyone who does not support him in his lies and crimes ) , automatically attracting any good looking woman supporting character to come on the show , always surviving any attempt to bring him to justice , and ALWAYS scraping your ears with his excruciating self justifications . If another cop detects something wrong with something he 's doing , and someone gets hurt because of his actions , he always blames the suspicious cop , regardless of the fact that his schemes and elaborate lies and doomed plans are always the cause . Every time.<br /><br />Like 24 , this show relies on contrivances and innumerable delays to drag its story out for season after season . Boring , unbelievable long term stories are injected into the storyline every season to provide a skeleton on which to hang the bloody , perverted chunks of meat that are the characters ' corrupt acts and the inevitable cover - ups.<br /><br />Most disappointing though , is the writers ' hubris as they try to change the viewers ' sympathies back and forth , to and away form the characters on whims . Sometimes , they want us to see Shane as the enemy . Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor misunderstood soul . Sometimes they want us to see Vic as a dangerous , sexual dynamo . Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold . Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low down vile Jezebel . Then they think that if they show her sitting and talking over her dreams with Shane , that we will find her to be sympathetic and tragic.<br /><br />None of this manipulation is adequate to obtain the kinds of sympathies they want . Once they 've shown these characters ruin other people 's lives for their own ends , that 's it . It is nonsense to keep trying to flip back and forth . But then , it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of these bumbling clowns drawing every super model in existence to their beds and running a crime syndicate right out of the police station , right under everyone 's noses .
0 To sat how awful The Shield is , you 'd have to write pages and pages , so suffice it to say that it is a monument to bad directing.<br /><br />"When Directors Go Awry " should have been the title of this production . Indeed , directors are supposed to infuse their work with a sense of visual style and story - telling that propels the story forward.<br /><br />How is constantly shaking the camera and playing with the zoom lens a " style " ? How is it propelling the story forward ? Of course there 's also the " editing by random numbers " nonsense . Apparently it 's become hip to just cut randomly.<br /><br />I guess it 's too much work to do good editing.<br /><br />Well , that made it too much work for most people to watch The Shield which languished as one of the most over - hyped and unwatched shows of all time .
0 I have no idea what the producers of The Shield were trying to do , but the result speaks for itself : The Shield is practically unwatchable.<br /><br />Supposedly the performances on The Shield are great ... <br /><br />In reality , the show is so badly put together that you ca n't even really see the performances . For instance , the editing cuts away from reaction shots before they 've had their full impact.<br /><br />I do n't know what intellectual rationale there is for that , but it robs the show of all emotional impact.<br /><br />I'll give The Shield one point for ambition in its subject matter , but that 's pretty much all I can give it.<br /><br />It 's a shame to see a number of talented performer waste their gift on something so strangely badly filmed .
0 Almost from the word go this film is poor and lacking conviction but then again most people would struggle to show commitment to a script as uninspiring as this . The dialogue really does not flow and sometimes as in this case more is less ( or should have been ) . This is also backed - up by odd scenes ( e.g. the Cemetry slow - motion walk ) that you think might lead somewhere but only seem to waste a few more seconds of your life.<br /><br />The plot is a strange combination of gangster / situation comedy which I am sure seemed a good idea at the time but if ever there was a case for someone needing to be honest with the scriptwriter then here was it.<br /><br />Martin Freeman is okay but then he seems to have one character which always plays so I am beginning to wonder if he was given a script or just filmed and told to react as normal.<br /><br />Finally - humour . This reminds me of the ' Python ( I think ) quote about Shakespere , of his ' comedies ' - If he had meant it to be humorous he would have put a joke in it . Well I did n't see one.<br /><br />Don't waste your time - I did because I was watching it with a friend and kept hoping that it was going to get better.<br /><br />It did n't .
0 I hate to be the one to rain on a parade ( even a small one like this ) but from the very first scene , you could tell this film was going to be absolute shite . Its a shame really , as I quite like Martin Freeman and Danny dyer . I was intrigued as to how they would mix in a film together , but to my dismay , they did not even have a scene together ! ! I think I need to repeat this - The two lead actors ( who stand side by side on the advertisement posters and DVD covers ) did not have one scene together ! ! ! ! They did not speak to each other and never appeared on screen at the same time . Just about sums up this poor excuse for a movie . False advertisement.<br /><br />The dialogue was painful , every single character in the movie was unrealistic , and un - human like . The scenarios were far fetched , the plot was crap , the jokes were thin , Freeman tried too hard to be funny ( and played a poor mans Tim from The office ) , nobody was likable , and worst of all , some of the characters were so annoying that it almost drove me to switch off , as I could n't bear to watch , or listen to them any longer.<br /><br />This low budget stinker was an epic fail . Even Danny Dyer could n't inject some humour and charm into this , but bless , he tried . What a waste of time.<br /><br />How anybody could rate this movie as ' ten stars ' is beyond me . Ten Stars ? Seriously ? Come on .... I wo n't even give some of the greats ten stars , as ten stars implies that a movie was perfect . This film was far from perfect , almost the opposite , meaning that it was almost completely dire throughout.<br /><br />Watch it if you like , but if you 've seen a lot of movies , and watched a lot of great movies , your review will probably similar to mine.<br /><br />1/10
0 Oh dear . good cast , but to write and direct is an art and to write wit and direct wit is a bit of a task . Even doing good comedy you have to get the timing and moment right . I m not putting it all down there were parts where i laughed loud but that was at very few times . The main focus to me was on the fast free flowing dialogue , that made some people in the film annoying . It may sound great while reading the script in your head but getting that out and to the camera is a different task . And the hand held camera work does give energy to few parts of the film . Overall direction was good but the script was not all that to me , but I 'm sure you was reading the script in your head it would sound good . Sorry .
0 It pains me to write such a scathing review but by not doing so I 'm simply encouraging these people . First off , just because a film is made on a small budget does not automatically make it good nor endearing . In fact in this case , the small budget is probably the films sole achievement in that it prevented large sums of money from being squandered on a one legged race horse with the shits . Have you ever seen a comedy at the theatre ? Ever heard people laugh and thought " what the dickens are you on " ? Well even these twats were n't laughing . Things got so bad by mid way my cat took his first ever bath . This is not film , this is children .... no monkeys making images that leave you feeling like moving to France . Got to go , there 's a clown at my door .............
0 I had never heard of this one before it turned up on Cable TV . It 's very typical of late 50s sci - fi : sober , depressing and not a little paranoid ! Despite the equally typical inclusion of a romantic couple , the film is pretty much put across in a documentary style - which is perhaps a cheap way of leaving a lot of the exposition to narration and an excuse to insert as much stock footage as is humanly possibly for what is unmistakably an extremely low - budget venture ! While not uninteresting in itself ( the - apocalypse - via - renegade - missile angle later utilized , with far greater aplomb , for both DR . STRANGELOVE [ 1964 ] and FAIL - SAFE [ 1964 ] ) and mercifully short , the film 's single - minded approach to its subject matter results in a good deal of unintentional laughter - particularly in the scenes involving an imminent childbirth and a gang of clueless juvenile delinquents !
0 Really it 's a dreadful cheat of a film . Its 70-minute running time is very well padded with stock footage . The rest are non descript exteriors and drab interiors scenes . The plot exposition is very poorly rendered . They are all just perfunctory scenes sort of strung together . There is no attempt at drama in scene selection but rather drama is communicated by the intensity of the actors . Please do n't ask.<br /><br />The plot concerns a rocket radiating a million degree heat orbiting earth five miles up threatening to destroy the earth . It 's a real time menace that must be diverted if a custom built H - bomb can be fashioned and placed in an experimental rocket within an hour . Nothing very much here to report except for a mad speech by a scientist against the project because there might be some sort of life aboard and think of the scientific possibilities but this speech made by the obligatory idiot liberal was pretty much passé by then.<br /><br />What saves this film , somewhat uniquely , IS the stock footage . I 've never seen a larger selection of fifties jet fighter aircraft in any other film . This is by no means a complete list but just some of the aircraft I managed to see . There 's a brief interception by a pilot flying , in alternate shots , an F-89 Scorpion and an F-86 . First to scramble interceptors is the Royal Canadian Air Force in Hawker Hunters and F-86 Sabre Jets ( or Canadian built CF-13s ) and even a pair of CF-100 Clunks.<br /><br />Then for some reason there are B-52s , B-47s and even B36s are seen taking off . More padding.<br /><br />"These Canadian jets are moving at 1200 miles an hour " . I do n't think so since one of them appears to be a WW2 era Gloster Meteor , the rest F-80s . The Meteors press the attack and one turns into a late F-84F with a flight of early straight wing F-84s attacking in formation.<br /><br />There 's a strange tandem cockpit version of the F-80 that does n't seem to be the T-33 training type but some sort of interim all - weather interceptor variant with radar in the nose . These are scrambled in a snowstorm.<br /><br />An angled deck aircraft carrier is seen from about 500 meters . It launches F-8U Crusaders , F-11F Tigers , A-5 Vigilantes and A-3 Skywarriors . The Air Force scrambles F-86s and F-84s and more F-89s then you 've ever seen in your life as well as F-100 Super Sabres and F-102 Delta Daggers.<br /><br />The F-100s press their attack with sooooo much padding . The F-89 's unload their rockets in their wingtip pods in slo mo . The F-86s fire , an F-102 lets loose a Falcon , even some F-80s ( F-94s ? ) with mid - wing rocket pods let loose . There is a very strange shot of a late model F-84 ( prototype ? ) with a straight wing early model F-85 above it in a turn , obviously a manufacturer 's ( Republic Aviation ) advertising film showing the differences between the old and the new improved models of the F-84 ThunderJet . How it strayed into here is anybodies guess.<br /><br />There is other great stock footage of Ottawa in the old days when the capital of Canada was a wide spot in the road and especially wonderful footage of New York City 's Times Square during one of the Civil Defense Drills in the early 50s . < br /><br />I think we also have to deal with the notion that this was filmed in Canada with the possible exception of the auto chase seen late in the picture as the Pacific seems to be in the background . The use of a Jowett Jupiter is somewhat mind - boggling and there is a nice TR 3 to be seen also . Canada must have been cheap and it is rather gratuitously used a lot in the background.<br /><br />As far as the actual narrative of the film there is little to recommend it other than the mystery of just who Ellen Parker is giving the finger to at the end of the picture . And she most definitely is flipping someone off . Could it be , R as in Robert Loggia ? The director who dies before this film was released ? Her career as this was her last credit?<br /><br />Its like the newspaper the gift came wrapped in was more valuable than the gift .
0 I remember watching " Lost Missile " ( actually throwing a fit until my brother and several cousins at whose home I was an overnight guest agreed to watch it with me - I was , from time to time , the Eric Cartman of the 1960s - sorry , guys ) and being somewhat embarrassed when the sustained wave of million - degree heat emerged as a plot device - even as a second - grader I knew that a mere missile just could n't carry the energy around for that much heat or devastation over more than the duration and limited radius of a nuclear detonation . < br /><br />My inflicting that turkey on loving relatives was a self - punishing crime.<br /><br />The film 's production values were very good . The acting is n't bad ( apart from the Shatnerism of the actor who played governor 's aide that someone else here mentioned).<br /><br />But the idea of a missile Easy - Baking the surface of the Earth by means of the heat of its exhaust ... no.<br /><br />How'd the people at " Mystery Science Theater 3000 " miss " The Lost Missile , " anyway ? < br /><br />It 's a great classic of unintentional comedy - watch it if you want something to drink beer to some weekend .
0 The story idea behind THE LOST MISSILE is n't bad at all , but unfortunately the story does get a bit dull towards the middle and the overuse of stock footage as well as poor special effects sink this film to the sub - par level.<br /><br />The film begins with a missile heading towards the Earth . In a panic because it 's about to strike the Earth , the Soviets manage to deflect the object . This is n't necessarily good , however , as this seemingly unmanned craft has a vapor trail that destroys everything in its path AND the ship is now in a low orbit over the planet . In other words , with each pass it makes , a swath of death follows -- one that could potentially kill us all ! ! So , it 's up to the good scientists of the US ( led by a very young and hardly recognizable Robert Loggia ) to formulate and plan to save us -- and especially save New York that is in its immediate flight path ! Unfortunately , they are n't able to save Ottawa ( I 've never been there , so I ca n't say whether or not this is a big loss ) but thanks to good old American know - how , they are able to eventually destroy this harbinger of destruction ! ! < br /><br />So , as you can see , the story idea is n't bad and rather original . But , so many old clips of fighter planes and guys manning radar scopes gets a bit old and it seemed like padding . Overall , a decent but hardly inspired film that extreme fans of the genre may like -- all others , see it at your own risk .
0 This had all the makings of a very good film -- good actors ( Robert Loggia , Ellen Parker ) , a good plot ( mysterious missile from space threatens to burn up the planet ) and lots of stock footage ( if the Air Force had film of jets firing rockets , it was used ) . Unfortunately , it is ruined by too much melodrama and an impossible time - line.<br /><br />The movie concerns a missile from space that is attacked by the Soviets and inadvertently diverted into a low atmospheric orbit . At under five miles and at a speed in excess of 4,000 miles , it emits an exhaust of a million degrees , burning up everything on the ground , including glaciers , Distant Early Warning ( DEW ) line bases and Eskimos.<br /><br />Every attempt at destroying the missile fails.<br /><br />The first flaws in this film appear early on . While we do n't expect much from low - budget films , some things ca n't be forgotten -- like a little research . For instance , both the Soviets and the US fire anti - ballistic missiles that home in on the missile with unerring accuracy . However , the first successful ABM tests were n't done until March of 1961 by the Russians.<br /><br />There is too much melodrama . Dr. Loring ( Loggia ) and his assistant Joan Woods ( Ellen Parker ) play their romance with about as much wood as a log cabin . Parker 's character cries and boo - hoos at Loggia 's sacrifice like she was at a screen test . Loggia is about as heroic as a bored businessman . A scientist ( Phillip Pine ) hams it up so much he makes William Shatner look like a thespian . A bus driver continually spits out end - of - the - world crap in scene after scene . The only good actor is the film narrator , played by veteran character actor Lawrence Dobkins ( " Naked City").<br /><br />All of this could be overlooked if it was n't for the time - line . After the missile 's info is sent to DC , the Pentagon brings in a group of scientists . A general ( Larry Kerr ) announces that the missile will hit New York City in 63 minutes . After this , there are discussions by scientists and there is a deadly lull as word is sought from ambassadors to see if the missile is an attack from the Russians and if a response is necessary.<br /><br />The film shows the military being fully scrambled . Civil Defense people leave work and go to their stations . Eight million people scramble to fallout shelters while school buses pick up millions of kids ( and we get to see the whitest New York City I 've ever seen , though watching 50 's sci - fi films made it seems like this was the standard ) . The press is kept in the dark for tens of minutes . Then , incredibly , a man at the Pentagon announces that the missile will hit Ottawa , Canada in 51 minutes ! All of the aforementioned action happened in 12 minutes ! Then , to add fuel to the fire , Loggia somehow thinks of a way to stop the alien missile . He slowly produces a caseload of plutonium , loads it in a jeep and takes it from DC to a distant missile base to put it atop a missile . Along the way , he is knocked off the road by a wild driver , breaks down and then is carjacked . He finally gets the plutonium back and drives to the base to arm the missile . Again , all this in the same 63-minute time frame.<br /><br />The movie also irks the viewer by making it seem as if Ottawa might be saved , only to show men , women and children get roasted . The missile is then said to have five minutes to reach New York . Loggia is still driving to the base ( 4 more miles to go ) . He gets to the base and arms the missile , a two - minute countdown is then announced . All within five minutes . The boroughs of New York should have been at least scorched.<br /><br />By the way , the missile is destroyed if you have n't guessed . The ABM warhead destroys it with a massive plutonium - based nuclear blast . Five seconds later , the blast dissipates and all is clear . Yeah , they caused a nuclear blast equivalent to 100 Hiroshimas on the outskirts of New York City and nothing happens.<br /><br />The film had all the elements necessary to be a good B film , but wasted them . Loggia played his character so lamely you did n't care that he sacrificed himself in the end . You did n't care about the other characters , not even the smarmy scientist played by Pine . The tension that should have moved the film along just was n't physically possible in the time - line allowed ( it still would n't be today , not even with Jack Bauer).<br /><br />This film is very difficult to find . As far as I know , it has n't been re - issued on any medium and for good reason . I do n't know if the film meant to be or if it was standard practice , but there 's a scene where the government sends all of the best scientists , military men and businessmen into deep shelters , saying they 're too valuable to lose . There is n't a single woman or minority in the bunch . Hari Rhodes is the only black man in the film and he gets a brief bit playing a piano . It was worse than " 27 Days " where an alien gives five Earthlings the chance to either save or destroy the planet and he does n't include any blacks or Hispanics.<br /><br />I saw this on a special Sci - fi night on Turner Classic Movies and I do n't expect it to show up again . If you do find a copy of this somewhere , you might want to put it up on Amazon.com .
0 This must be one of the most overrated Spanish films in history . Its lack of subtlety and complexity and its total political correction make it really childish , with only good / bad characters . The world is just not like this , and good movies show complex characters with opposite impulses , dilemmas , etc . However , what I HATE most about this film is Bola 's friend 's father . The director tries to teach us a good lesson : tattoo artists with shaved heads are not always bad guys , in fact they can be better than the average looking dad ( wow , this is like ... philosophy , or something ) . Thank you , Achero . I 'll propose you for the Nobel prize of literature .
0 If there was a God , he would have made sure this movie stayed in the toilet were it was crapped up . This is BY FAR the worst vampire movie I have ever seen . I may never watch a vampire film again because of this movie . It makes Zombie Lake look like The Sound of Music .
0 Absolutely unwatchable , lowest quality film making . This film makes " Show Girls " look good . The acting is insufferable . The cinematography gives a bad name to amateurism . No wonder it went right to video and bypassed the theaters . This film was n't released ... it escaped .
0 This movie is just plain terrible . Poor John Savage had to stoop this low in order to be in another movie . He stars as a rare type of vampire that is to help a lady that looks like a washed out and thrown in the streets hooker that is a dancer at a local strip club . She acidently tastes a drop of blood from another dancer who happens to be one of those rare vampires as they get carried away making out on the floor of the dressing room . Savage is then assigned by a short leader of this rare vampire breed that looks like a cross between 80 's punk rock and one of the Olsen twins with purple hair . This movie just gets all to crazy with Savage rapping and dancing with a midget with a tattooed spider on his head , also one of the rare . He quotes the Elephant Man and Jimmy Durante and I just had to laugh . This just gets rediculas . And then the most gross special effects that they could come up with is Corri throwing up her organs and pulling them out of her mouth . And you can tell that that is all to fake . Her son does n't know what to do with his moms new identity and becomes more of a pest than an object of serenity . I enjoy a good vampire film , believe me I do but I just HATED this one . Even the photography stinks , in and out blurs with the camera switching this way and that trying to make it look like the vampires move to fast for the camera to keep up and then the camera turns all to bright in the scene of Savage chasing the son of Corri around till he blinds himself . Avoid this one ! !
0 I was watching this with one of my friends , who is a vampire freak , and I was extremely disgusted at the fact that this film exists . This film should be shown to prisoners of war , yes , it 's that bad . Even John McCain would n't be able to sit through this . So why the 3/10 rating ? Because it had a vampire midget . Come on , what 's more entertaining than a vampire midget ? There 's one scene in this film where John Savage gets laid by saying " I want to feel human again , " and the chick , being the brainless stripper slut she is , lets him " feel human " . I wish I could " feel human " with Jessica Alba or Megan Fox . This is a movie for stoners . There is bright flashy objects and random movements . All in all , do n't waste your money on this garbage . I got it for free when I was walking down the street with my friend and we saw a garbage barrel full of video tapes and a sign that said " free " . So , in a way , I did n't get ripped off , but still ...
0 This movie was horrible . I watched it three times , and not even the whole thing . It 's just impossible to watch , the story line sucks , it 's depressing , and utterly disgusting . I do n't write spoilers for anything , so if you want to know why it 's so disgusting , see it for yourself . The only good thing about this movie was John Savage , his dialogue at the beginning , and some funny parts in the movie . The little kid in this movie is annoying , and the whole situation is bullshit . I saw this movie at movie stores around America , so I assumed it would be a good movie . Jesus Christ , was I wrong ! ! ! ! The acting is all horrible , and the nudity itself is lame and nasty . Another thing is , Starr Andreef , the other main character , has n't been in such bad movies in the past , in fact , she was in some pretty good ones . Same with John Savage . This movie SUCKS !
0 This is probably the worst movie ever made it is just to bad the name of Roger Corman is associated with it . I could 've understand it in his early years when he had lower budgets but nowadays there is no excuses for giving birth to this ! I 'm a " B " movie pervert and from certain people point of view all the flicks I love are put aside by " regular viewers " but take my word on this one , Vampire club makes the top of my list of the best of worst . It 's hard to Imagine , vampires with no fangs , the music score is totally out of place , the sound effects are just not effective and finally Mr . Savage does n't seem to know he is in a vampire movie at all witch is too bad 'cause he had a " not to bad " career over all . Let me know i'f I 'm to hard on this one cause when I do n't like a movie I tend to forget about it 's good side .
0 I will never be a member of any club that would have me,<br /><br />especially this one.<br /><br />Starr Andreeff is a single mom / stripper who gets attacked by a < br /><br />female vampire and left for dead . She begins to get a hankering for < br /><br />blood , and meets up with John Savage , looking like he's < br /><br />wondering where he left Michael Cimino 's phone number . Savage < br /><br />is also a vampire and wants to let Andreef join his little vampire < br /><br />family , which consists of a British vamp , the blonde vamp who < br /><br />attacked Starr , and a green haired midget ( I am not making this < br /><br />up).<br /><br />The family does not want Starr , so they try to kill Savage and Starr < br /><br />and Starr 's kid.<br /><br />Someone forgot to tell John Savage that this was a drama . He < br /><br />spends most of his screen time exhibiting more facial tics than < br /><br />Hugh Grant on a Jolt Cola bender , and he reads all of his lines like < br /><br />he is making a Farrelly Brothers film . Andreeff tries to make the < br /><br />most of a badly written role , but screenwriter / director Ruben goes < br /><br />for all the vampire cliches , like Starr eating her son 's pet hamster < br /><br />and buying a lot of raw meat to fight the craving for blood . The kid < br /><br />also gets knocked around a lot , for those who think watching < br /><br />violence against children is really entertaining.<br /><br />The film is extra gory , but not in a wild , over the top way like " Killer < br /><br />Tongue . " Here , the gore is gross and never justified , it just occurs.<br /><br />It is just in the budget . Most of the R rating goes to Andreeff's < br /><br />coworkers , who are put through embarassing strip routines in the < br /><br />background of conversation scenes . The budget does not include < br /><br />vampire fangs ! All the vampires here must stab their prey to eat.<br /><br />Nifty idea , unless you have already seen George Romero's < br /><br />"Martin." < br /><br />Even at 77 minutes , and once you throw in Ruben 's attempts at < br /><br />arty direction ( skewed frames , blurred scenes ) , this is one < br /><br />tiresome , dull , and dirty ride . Leave this club and take a shower,<br /><br />you will need it.<br /><br />This is rated ( R ) for strong physical violence , gun violence , sexual < br /><br />violence , strong gore , strong profanity , female nudity , sexual < br /><br />references , drug abuse , and adult situations.<br /><br / >
0 Dakota ( 1988 ) was another early Lou Diamond Phillips starring vehicle . This film is similar to the later released film Harley . There are a few differences but they 're both the same . I do n't know which one came first . I guess it 'll remain one of the mysteries of life . But they both are troubled " kids " who are trying to turn there lives around . Instead of bikes this one involves horses . They 're basically the same movie and they 're both cheesy as hell . If you 're a serious L.D.P. fan then I recommend that you watch them both . You get some extreme mugging and posturing from L.D.P. if you 're game then go for it.<br /><br />Not recommended , except for L.D.P. fans ! ! !
0 This film is too skeletal . It 's a fairly low - budget film ( I hope ! ) which excuses it somewhat , but the lack of a decent cast and a fleshed out plot hurts it too much . Phillips is quite believable in his role as a torn - apart son of a well - off family who 's searching for himself ( though his family is ... er ... well , a little too white ... ) , but the rest of the cast is grasping at straws . Every moment that has potential is ruined by excessive melodrama , and there are * way * too many sub - plots ( which is an obvious sign of plot - deficiency . They needed filler ... ) I would n't recommend this film to anyone who is n't either a hard - core Phillips fan , or who has absolutely * nothing * to do . 4/10 .
0 Yes , this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre . Still , I did not like this one at all . About a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie , she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life . Crappy sex scenes to follow . Why are they crappy , for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act . I mean we watch porn for the sex do we not . Little Girls Blue also does things in an artistic way , but it is still very erotic and nice to look at . Of course the girls in that one are very cute . Here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things . If you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film . The sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre ... I mean there is a snake in one of them people . So for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all , but rather turns me off .
0 There is a DVD published in the UK in 2002 Code HRGD002 on the cover , no ASIN , VFC 19796 on the disk , no IFPI code in the inner rim.<br /><br />Probably a straight transfer from VHS . < br /><br />There is no much point is commenting an adult film . But this one contains a minimal plot , and the characters are believable . It was shown in the United States in normal cinemas.<br /><br />I've seen it In Pensylvannia way back in 1975.<br /><br />As such it deserves a place in an Encyclopedia of Movies . The DVD has no special features and no subtitles , and was probably made using a VHS tape as source
0 a friend gave it to me saying it was another classic like " Debbie does Dallas " . Nowhere close . I think my main complaint is about the most unattractive lead actress in porn industry ever . Even more terrible is that she is on screen virtually all the time . But I read somewhere that back in those days , porn had to have some " artistic " value . I was unable to find it though . See it only if you are interested in history of development of porn into mainstream , or can appreciate art in porn movies . I know I am not . But the director of the movie appears to be a talented person . He even tried to get Simon & Garfunkel to give him permissions to use his songs . Of course , they rejected .
0 One of those classics , held up next to " Deep Throat " and " Behind the Green Door." < br /><br />Sure , it was clever , but the female lead is n't that attractive and sex is n't that hot . But if not for this film , porn would not have blossomed into what it is today.<br /><br />Harry Reems was the Ron Jeremy of his day . Worth a look if you 're a Fan .
0 After watching some of HBO 's great stuff - Band of Brothers , Rome , etc . - I must say I had pretty high expectations before watching the first episode of " True Blood " . Jeez . Often the script seemed to be written by an 8-year - old , some parts are just horribly filmed , ( The scene in which she " saves " Bill , I mean come on . She throws a chain at the guy and ow ! it goes around his neck and it magically chokes him ! That was pretty embarrassing if you want my opinion . Or a few moments before that scene , when she finds out that the couple is gone with Bill , ridiculous . She hears them plan their stuff , and like 5 seconds later , magic ! The 3 of them are gone , and without any struggle or noise or anything!<br /><br />I mean the idea of the show seemed interesting , mysterious , intriguing , vampires co - existing with human in our modern society ... but honestly I do n't think they really wanted to make more of this than a petty soap show , that the average teen girl watches all the time but that nobody else cares about ... Unfortunately , the script is written poorly , mediocre at best . It 's shallow and extremely predictable . Often I thought that this was some kind of a joke or something . < br /><br />The actors deliver really unconvincing performances , if you want my opinion . They seem to take the show very lightly , as if it were some kind of a regular , low budget family TV show ( well maybe that s what it is , if you take away the family part ) . The only actor that seemed somewhat good to me was Stephen Moyer in the role of Bill , considering the poorly written , extremely short replies he had to say " What are you ... " " Can I give you a call sometime ... " , I think he did good in bringing out the somewhat mysteriously scary part of a vampire that anyone with a vampire role must have , actually . Anna Paquin was okay as well , but not more . But the guy , playing her brother though , jeez , he 's horrible . The scene in which he gets arrested is just simply a shame to modern television . The acting is bad , the construction site looks fake to the bone , and the two other guys " Why is he getting arrested ? Uh .. I dunno ... " That was pretty embarrassing . < br /><br />Another thing that I think was completely missed was the way they presented Sookie 's psychic powers . They make us hear what people think AND speak both at the same time and that s just wrong . Often it just seems unnecessarily chaotic , as if people 's thought were some sort of an annoying radio channel , and that when she comes close to em she hits the right frequency level and has to hear everything that they think . < br /><br />And finally , the sex scenes are just plainly unnecessary and that vampire sex tape thing was just totally disgusting . < br /><br />Don't get me wrong - I wrote all these comments not because I thought the show was BAD , but because I was very disappointed . I expected quality stuff . I did n't think it was going to be like that . It 's definitely not a GOOD show though . Mediocre at best .
0 This show had a lot of hype but I did n't know about it until the midseason ( season 1 ) . Someone even recommended the show to me . But I decided that if I was going to watch it , I was going to wait until the end of the season so I could watch it in bulk . Due to the show 's format , I 'm happy I waited . I imagine it would have been fairly annoying have nearly every episode end in the middle of some cliff hanger then have to wait another week to find out what happens in the next second of the story.<br /><br />Somehow , this show has managed to throw in too much sex . Jason will have sex with pretty much anything that moves . Right after he finds out that one woman he had sex with was killed , he 's in bed with another woman the next night ! Then Tara and Sam get it on , despite each of them knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie . And for some reason , Sookie gets mad when she later finds out about it -- even though she 's sleeping with a vampire . One of the problems with the show , is that it does n't do a good job of making you care about the characters . I really did n't care for Jason at all . Along with his endless pursuit of tale , he was rude to the people who actually were concerned for him . After a few episodes , I would n't have minded if he got killed somehow . For that reason , I was for the most part uninterested in the murders until Sookie 's Grandmother became a victim ( since the first two were more closely involved with Jason).<br /><br />Then once Sookie and Bill have sex , the story gets a few more subplots . Tara 's mother wants an exorcism , then the exorcist lady tries to convince Tara that she should have one to remove her own demon . I was n't so much bothered by the whole exorcism thing as I know there are some people who really believe in that stuff . However , they waste little time in showing that is it a farce right after Tara spends about $ 1300 on exorcisms for her and her mother . At other points , some of the developments happen too fast . Jason continues being a jerk , trying to sell his Grandmother 's stuff to buy vampire blood , which apparently is the new crack or something . In his search he finds this girl who will do V ( vampire blood ) with him . They get high , and within three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire tribunal . He 's only gone for two days before Sookie starts to feel abandoned and start to wonder if he thinks " vampire politics " are more important than her.<br /><br />Subtlety is not this show 's strong suit . It does n't take a genius to figure out something is going on with the local dog . Although my assumption was n't dead on , it was n't that much of a surprise . But the finale two episodes was where it really got annoying as it just shoved all the developments in your face as if you could n't possibly figure the out for yourself . When Tara gets into the car accident , the naked lady 's face with the pig is clearly shown , and was easily recognizable when she shows up at the jail for the bailout . As if that was n't enough , they later show the lady again with the pig at her house . Then it 's time to wrap up the murder story . At the end of the penultimate episode , it 's revealed that Renee is not who he says he is and most likely is the killer . In the final episode , they shove Renee being the killer in your face . Sookie remarks that it 's odd that Renee 's thoughts do n't have an accent . I thought that was fine , as it adds to Renee being a fraud . But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee . They show that Renee has the tape of Maudette with the vampire and his fiancée finds a tape in one of Renee 's boxes about how to fake a Cajun accent . At this point it was just ridiculous . I mean WE GET IT ! ! ! So blah blah blah stuff happens . Bill almost kills himself while failing to save Sookie , who still manages to kill Renee . They start to set up season 2 by leaving unfinished issues . The naked pig lady and Sam have a history , Lafayette has gone missing and might have been killed . Jason is in the process of being brainwashed into being a religious nut by some anti - vampire church -- which makes me care about him even less.<br /><br />It 's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show . I think I just expected this show to be better . I 'm interested in seeing what happens in season 2 , but if I watch it , I 'll most likely wait for the season completion .
0 For every series that makes it to television , a 100 ideas are formed , 50 scripts are written , 15 pilots are made , and one , just one , actually makes it to production . From such a selection process , we are lead to believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop , for what other reason could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series.<br /><br />And so it goes with True Blood ; all the stars were in alignment and what started as a series of novels was transformed into an idea , a screen play , a pilot , and finally a series . Unfortunately , it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what was good and pure into and show that production people feel would be best for ratings . Oh how wrong they so often are ... <br /><br />True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has developed into one of the poorest story lines , worst acting , and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history . Its international cast of relatively unknown actors struggle to find their voices but keep tripping over their fake southern accents . Alan Ball 's not so secret desires for Ryan ( Jason Stackhouse ) gives us a fresh nude shot each week although it often has nothing to do with the storyline . Tara 's angry black woman characterization fails to connect and you find yourself secretly hoping the vamps take her out quickly before she goes into another speech about white suppression while attend a ceremony for the Glorious Dead of the Confedercy . Sam finds suppressed love for Sookie and suddenly we are to believe he needs to watch over her morning , noon , and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any such relationship.<br /><br />As for Bill the Vampire , his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance to make love with Sookie and has no issue with make a quick snack of her ( although she remains somewhat unharmed ) . We find the other vampires not so mainstream as Bill but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public as they look at the living as Happy Meals with legs.<br /><br />Despite my best efforts of suffering through the first six episodes , I have come to the realization that no matter how long you watch a bad show , its still bad . Somethings die for a reason , even vampires . Maybe this show should to .
0 When I first watched the show , the first few episodes seemed promising . Bill Compton introduced himself as the stereotypical " mysterious " vampire and Sookie presented herself as an independent woman . However , the show went downhill from here and the once interesting characters are as entertaining as a cardboard box.<br /><br />As the story progresses the main characters lose their original personalities , along with their acting abilities . By episode 5 , Bill 's furrowed eyebrows are so low that his face just consists of a forehead . Sookie , or rather the actress , is even more dead than her vampire lover . All these tragic events are surrounding her and she only reacts to how enjoyable it was losing her virginity . Personally , I think they made the main characters sleep with each other too early in the show . The way they teased each other was something that had me hooked and could easily be toyed with a bit more . As soon as Sookie loses it she struts around like a total ditz , only thinking of Bill 's libido and the size of his appendage . Bill also loses his debonair attitude and well , he just gets plain silly . His actions are never really explained except he does it for Sookie . Why ? Their love for each other is never delved into , if there is any love . So far it just seems to be sex that is the core of their relationship.<br /><br />Yeah , yeah , vampires usually equal sex but come on . Every five seconds I see some sort of humping going on . It was n't that much of a surprise , since HBO always tries to pass of a soft core porno as a decent TV show . Bill popping out of the dirt and just getting it on with Sookie with no reason what 's so ever ? I laughed so hard I almost peed myself.<br /><br />The plot is just a stream of consciousness . The characters never go into detail about anything . All the events that happen are usually left unexplained . The only thing that is constant is the sex.<br /><br />The only thing I can say that I do like are the minor characters . Tara and her drunk mother are far more interesting than the major characters . The only reason why I continue to watch the show is for the development of the minor characters . < br /><br />Minus the sex and the main characters the show would be much more worthwhile .
0 Man , I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had anything to do with this mess . Having seen the first two episodes thus far , I think I can safely say this show is n't going to be on my must see list . It 's just got so many things working against it.<br /><br />None of the actors cast are particularly good . Anna Paquin as the lead character Sookie , is just awful . I remember her being better in a lot of other things I 've seen her in so maybe it 's just the writing . She 's not really much fun to look at either , there are moments where to be honest she looks downright ugly . The actor who plays Bill is marginally better , if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof . The other actors do their best but with the cliché characters with difficult to perform accents they are given it 's a tough job . Tara is an absolute misery to watch , Rutina Wesley absolutely murders the accent . It 's like nails on a chalkboard bad . Almost as awful is Nelsan Ellis , it 's difficult to understand what he 's even saying sometimes . Both his character as well as Tara 's also seem a bit racist to me . I do n't know , having a character say ' whycome ' on an HBO show that is n't The Wire just seems a bit odd . Rounding out the cast so far are Sookie 's doddering grandmother , her sex addict brother , and the only bit of genius casting I 've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff.<br /><br />The story seems to be meandering towards it 's destination at this point , with no real worry about keeping the viewer interested . The romance stuff is very Dark Shadow - sy . Although this show ups the camp factor from something like those old Dark Shadows episodes times about ten . At times it seemed so campy to me , that I just have to assume it was intended to be . But unlike a show such as Buffy , that pulled camp off masterfully , this show does not . Out of place with the campiness is the extreme gore and graphic sex of the show . I 'm not averse to either of these when they are done well , as they have in many other HBO shows but here at least they prolonged rough sex scenes involving Jason Stackhouse seem a bit over the top and pointless.<br /><br />About the only nice thing I can really think to say about this mess is that I liked the opening title sequence . HBO has had a string of bad luck with their shows lately , I hope they cancel this after the first season and try to get something better on the air .
0 As a fan of the Sookie Stackhouse books , I find this series to be a totally crass representation of them . Vampire Bill is not very good looking and looks much older than described in the book . I found that they have made already wonderfully colourful characters seem very course and vulgar . One of the things I loved about the books is that despite all the crap that she is going through Sookie is always a lady , and yet in the TV series she does n't seem like that at all . Not only that but the prejudices displayed in the TV series are not nearly as wide spread in the books . I did n't expect an exact replica of the books but I at least expected the feel of them to be used for the series .
0 I hope whoever coached these losers on their accents was fired . The only high points are a few of the supporting characters , 3 of 5 of my favourites were killed off by the end of the season ( and one of them was a cat , to put that into perspective).<br /><br />The whole storyline is centered around sex , and nothing else . Sex with vampires , gay sex with gay vampires , gay sex with straight vampires , sex to score vampire blood , sex after drinking vampire blood , sex in front of vampires , vampire sex , non - vampire sex , sex because we 're scared of vampires , sex because we 're mad at vampires , sex because we just became a vampire , etc.<br /><br />Nothing against sex , it would just be nice if it were a little more subtle with being peppered into the storyline . Perhaps HAVE a storyline and then shoehorn some sex into it . But they did n't even bother to do that ... and Anna Paquin is a dizzy gap - tooth bitch . Either she sucks or her character sucks , I ca n't figure out which.<br /><br />Another part of the storyline that I find highly implausible is why 150 year old vampire Bill who seems to have his things together would be interested in someone like Sookie . She 's constantly flying off the handle at him for things he ca n't control . He leaves for two days and she already decides that he 's " not coming back " and suddenly has feelings for dog - man ? Give me a break . She 's supposed to be a 25 year old woman , not a 14 year old girl . People close to her are dying all over , and she 's got the brightest smile on her face because she just gave away her V - card to some dude because she ca n't read his mind ? As the main character of the story , I would 've hoped the show would do a little more to make her understandable and someone to invest your interest in , not someone you keep secretly hoping gets killed off or put into a coma . I ca n't find anything about her character that I like and even the fact that she can read minds is impressively uninspiring and not the least bit interesting.<br /><br />I will not be wasting my time with watching Season 2 come June .
0 For those of you who 've never heard of it ( or seen it on A&E ) , Cracker is a brilliant British TV show about an overweight , chain - smoking , foulmouthed psychologist named Fitz who helps the Manchester police department get into the heads of violent criminals . It 's considered to be one of the finest shows ever to come out of England ( and that 's saying something ) , and was tremendously successful in England and around the world back in 1993.<br /><br />Now , the original stars have re - teamed with the original writer to knock out one more 2-hour episode . I 've loved this show ever since I 'd first seen it , over a decade ago . The DVD box set holds a place of honor in my collection , and I can quote a good deal of Fitz 's interrogation scenes practically word for word . The idea of Robbie Coltrane reteaming with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie about Fitz filled me with absolute glee.<br /><br />I'll start with the good . One of the many things that impressed me about the original Cracker series was how quickly Fitz was defined as a character . Five minutes into the first episode  with his lecture ( throwing the books into the air ) , his drinking , and his cussing of the guy after him on the gambling machine queue  and you knew , simply knew , who this character was . You could feel him " clicking " in your mind , the kind of click that only happens when a great actor gets a great role written by a great writer.<br /><br />Coltrane , of course , remained great throughout the show , but I always felt that some of the later episodes  those not written by McGovern  mistreated the character.<br /><br />So the good news is this : Fitz is back . As soon as you see him in this show  making incredibly inappropriate comments at his daughter 's wedding  you 'll feel that " click " once again . It 's him : petulant one moment and truly sorry the next , always insightful , sincere to the point of tactlessness but brilliantly funny in the process . If you love this character as much as I do , you 'll be delighted with how he is portrayed in the movie . And this extends to Judith and Mark : in fact , everything having to do with the Fitzs is handled perfectly.<br /><br />The problem I do have with this movie revolves around the crime Fitz is trying to solve . In standard Cracker fashion , we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes  the suspense lies in seeing Fitz figure it out . In this case , we have a serial killer who is out for American blood . And the reason for this , unfortunately , is not due to any believable psychological trauma  rather , it seems that the murders are here simply to allow the writer to display his personal political beliefs.<br /><br />It 's difficult for me to write this , as I truly believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world . Nor do I have a problem with movies that are about current issues , or movies that take a political stand . But in the Cracker universe , we expect to see the characters behaving like human beings , not like caricatures . Instead , the Americans in this movie are all depicted in an entirely stereotypical fashion . They 're know - nothing loudmouths who complain about everything , treat the locals like crap and cheat on their wives  one of them even manages to do all of the above within less than 5 minutes . I honestly thought I 'd mistakenly switched channels or something.<br /><br />But it does n't stop there . We get constant reminders of just how badly the war in Iraq is going  reminders that have nothing whatsoever to do with the story and appear practically out of nowhere . The killer is so busy ranting about how Bush is worse than Hitler that he almost forgets to get on with the killing ; but more to the point , he is such a mouthpiece for the writer 's political views that he forgets to act like a believable human being , and thus we  as an audience  do n't buy his sudden transformation from a happy family man to a tortured serial - killing soul.<br /><br />I ca n't say that this ruined the show for me  it 's was still good TV , better than almost everything else in the genre ( mainly due to , once again , Coltrane ) . But its constant politicizing made it impossible for it to be as good as the real Cracker classics like " To Be A Somebody "  an episode that was just as " issuey " , but one that was handled with far more subtlety and psychological depth.<br /><br />Two other small points : Panhandle not being around is a disappointment , but what 's worse are her replacements . The entire police department  which for so long filled with such great characters - is now full of vanilla . Completely interchangeable cops who lack any and all personality ( how you could drain Coupling 's Richard Coyle of personality is beyond me , but it is indeed missing here).<br /><br />Also , there are couple of moments where the show lost its believability for me . One such instance revolves around Fitz having to narrow down the entire population of Manchester from 1 million to a hundred based on some very strange criteria ( French windows ? How does the computer know if I have French windows ? )  he not only succeeds in doing this , but he succeeds in less than an hour . I do n't think so.<br /><br />So , all in all , I was a little disappointed . It 's recommended viewing , but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door . Still , if there 's new series to come after this , it would all have been for the good : I 'm convinced that McGovern can still write great stuff , and maybe now that he 's got his politics out of his system he can go back to writing about people .
0 I 'm a true fan of the original Cracker series , and own all of them on DVD . Cracker had a tendency to be over - the - top on occasion , but Robbie Coltrane and the other cast members , as well as the writers , always seemed to carry it off despite themselves . I count the original Cracker among the great Brit TV crime series of that time , and there 's some stiff competition : Prime Suspect , Inspector Frost , Inspector Morse , Jeremy Brett 's Sherlock Homes , and a host of others . Cracker , along with Prime Suspect , was on the top of my list.<br /><br />Which makes " A New Terror " all the more sad ... <br /><br />Ultimately , this was a very pale imitation of Cracker 's former glory . I forced myself to sit through the whole thing , convinced that it could n't actually be this bad , and that some spark would eventually ignite . I was wrong , it was bad from beginning to end.<br /><br />A few criticisms : First , just to get any potential bias up - front right off : I was offended by the anti - American , anti - war screed that droned on and on throughout most of the show . The topper : the murder of two American 's innocent of any crime and a British Junkie is , in Fitz 's words , " understandable , but not justified " . I thought " I waded through two hours of crap just to hear this disgusting bit of drivel ? " So I had a negative reaction to the anti - war / American tone brought on by my beliefs ... Beyond the politics , I had the distinct sense that this Cracker was merely a prop for the propaganda , and it actually helped to undermine an already terribly weak script.<br /><br />Second , just how much air - time did Robbie Coltrane get ? Fitz was almost a bit player in this one , as if he was an afterthought plugged into some story originally written without any thought of Fitz 's role . Coltrane could have carried the show on his own broad and still suitably flabby shoulders , but the writer was apparently thinking of other things , and missed the chance , and by a wide margin.<br /><br />Third : WHAT AN ABYSMAL SCRIPT ! There was some sparkle , and a couple of bits of actual character development ( Fitz 's son ranting that Fitz could n't stay at his house if he missed his plane to Australia , the Detective that liked to beat his poor - performers over the backs of their heads , and some of the old sparks between Fitz and his Missus ) but not nearly enough to carry the tedious storyline . < br /><br />Fourth , where the hell was Panhallagan ? Now that would have been interesting ... It was Manchester after all , and 10 years on she 'd be up in the ranks . Another wasted opportunity ( or perhaps the actress was n't interested ? ) < br /><br />Well , there 's much more ( that 's bad ) to say , but I 'll close with a curiosity : at the end of the show ( as it aired on BBCA ) , when the advertisement announced that the " Director 's Cut " was available on BBC On - Demand , I thought AH - HA ! The Director 's cut , which , presumably , one has to pay for , might have all of the goodies I expected to see tonight but never did , like a coherent , interesting storyline . Unfortunately , after convincing myself to sit through the horrible free version of " A New Terror " with the hope of seeing something , anything , worth watching , only to be disappointed , I have no hope left to motivate me to actually pay for a second , potentially longer and more tedious version . Besides , it angered me to think that BBCA sliced and diced , and sacrificed show time to accommodate the endless ( every ten minutes or so ) stream of commercials , and then turned around and asked me to pay for what probably should have been version aired tonight.<br /><br />To close , I quote the first paragraph of Variety 's review of " A New Terror " : it really says it all : " Initial excitement about Robbie Coltrane reprising his role as the BBC 's flawed , boozing , womanizing criminal psychologist is snowed under by the heavy - handed political statement writer Jimmy McGovern is determined to deliver within this revival vidpic . Jolting at first in its message -- namely , that Americans are a bunch of whiny namby - pambies who did n't care a whit about terrorism before it came crashing onto our doorstep -- McGovern 's chest - clearing rant overwhelms the narrative and mutes the pleasure of seeing Fitz back on the case . "
0 As a huge fan or the Cracker series , I have been waiting 7 years for the next addition . This Episode I 'm afraid just does not live up to the legend.<br /><br />Fitz returns to Manchester after 7 years for his daughters wedding and gets involved in a murder investigation were a soldier , tormented by flash backs from his tour of duty in Northern Irland , goes on a killing spree.<br /><br />What I did not like about this episode is the extremely convenient way it is all set up and how fitz is led to the murderer . It is all fat to far - fetched.<br /><br />There are however some good scenes in flash backs from Northern Irland which are filmed great .
0 A major disappointment . This was one of the best UK crime drama / detective shows from the 90 's which developed the fascinating title character played by Scotland 's Robbie Coltrane . However this one - off has little to add and perhaps suffers from an inevitable let down due to raised expectations when a favored show returns after a long hiatus . Coltrane is n't really given much to do , much more attention is spent on the uninteresting killer , and in what he has to act in , he seems uninvolved , almost bored . The ex - soldier 's story is written by the books and the attempt to update us on Coltrane 's family life seems lightweight . Perhaps if the writers had a whole series in front of them instead of just this one two - hour show they would have written this with much more depth . As is , skip this and watch the old Cracker from the 90 's which is far far superior .
0 The social commentary was way overblown and the mystery itself is built and solved through a series of implausible coincidences that were entirely unbelievable . Nothing has changed in Fitz 's personal life in the past decade that makes it remotely interesting . < br /><br />I even had trouble understanding why he was complaining about his stay in Australia as compared to the opportunities to solve mysteries that he has in England . Can he not insinuate himself on the Australian police ? It seems like a very artificial plot point to get him involved in a crime investigation.<br /><br />The latter episodes of the original series were pretty melodramatic and implausible , sometimes bordering on silliness , and this one picks up that mantle rather than returning to the focus of series one . Sad .
0 Having heard so much about the 1990s Cracker series without seeing any of them , I looked forward to this eagerly . Surely the combination of Jimmie McGovern and Robbie Coltrane could not go wrong . How wrong I was ! < br /><br />The polemics , backed by frequent , repetitive and violent flashbacks , were overpowering . The production tried to be super - modern , but the flashing boxes and even the childish font irritated . Robbie Coltrane sleep - walked through the two hours , coming up with unexplained and unlikely " insights " , and the police were portrayed as one - dimensional bumbling idiots . As a result , the tension never built up and the next - to - final scene ( no details for fear of spoilers ) was as laughably bad a piece of TV drama as I have seen for a long time.<br /><br />No , I do n't want to see any more of these , but I will go back to the DVDs of the 1990s series to see if they match their reputation .
0 I enjoyed " American Movie " , so I rented Chris Smith 's first film , which I thought was a documentary too . In the first minute I saw that it was n't , but I gave it a go.<br /><br />What a dead end film . Being true - to - life hardly serves you if you 're merely going to examine tediousness , esp . tediousness that we 're already familar with.<br /><br />I'm sorry , but will it come as a relevation to ANYONE that 1 ) a lot of jobs suck and 2 ) most of them are crappy , minimum wage jobs in the service sector ? ? ? I knew that before I saw the film . It did n't really provide an examination of that anyway , as while the film struggles to feel " real " ( handheld camera , no music , etc . ) , what 's going on hardly plays out as it would in the " real world." < br /><br />Would an employer be so cheerful to Randy when he picks up his check , after Randy quit on him after 3 days when the guy said he expected him to stay 6 months ? ? Or the day after abandoning his job ( and screwing up the machine he was working on ) , that everyone would be so easy on him??<br /><br />A big problem is our " hero " ( ? ) , Randy . This guy is a loser . Not because he 's stuck in these jobs , or has a crummy apartment , or looks like one . He 's a dope . He does n't pay attention or even really try at these jobs . He has zero personalty . If I had to hire someone , he would n't make it past the interview.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to what Chris Smith does next , but guys , knock off the " this - is - an - important - film " stuff . " American Job " does n't work .
0 I must say that I was disapointed with this film . I have never been a huge BNL fans , I find their songs kind of childish and obsessively nostalgic ( this is me in grade 9 , if i had a million dollars , shoe box of life etc ) . However , I have seen clips of their live show and I really like the improvisational and goofy nature of the show . I was hoping that this movie would highlight this which is , unfortunately , the most interesting part of the show because their music is well played yet somehow bland and not that compelling ( there is a standup bass solo in the middle which was completely pointless and boring , despite how much Jim Creegan was digging himself ) . The film does not and shows only a few minutes of it ( and you know they 've had better moments , as in the Afgahnistan concert " Koffee Anan , he 's the man in charge , my name 's Steve Paige and I 'm really large " ) .<br /><br />BNL are kind of like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that godawfull " Blue " song by Effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes , I came back to Canada and then a month later that song was all over the place * again * , I nearly chewed off my own arm . BNL is like that , years ago I remember many a fond memory of sitting around campfires in Canada listening to people play " If I had a million dollars " . BNL was a cult phenomenon in Canada , and much of their humour has a particular Canadian slant to it ( Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students up here , and the name " Gordon " is quintessentially Canadian ) a few years went by where they slipped into obscurity and I was somewhat gratefull . Then all of a sudden they become huge in States , and everyone down there thinks they are this brand new band ( yeah , they 're brand new , but they 're all in their 30 's ! ) while the rest of Canada is going " Oh geez , I thought those guys folded years ago , do I have to listen to ' million dollars ' again?" < br /><br />The concert footage is not bad , but I would have liked to have seen more of their stage routine , the shooting is not that great , and things like clips from their massive free show in Boston are glazed over much too quickly . The interviews are surprisingly dull for such a funny bunch of guys , I think they 're all old and they have families and houses and stuff and have settled down a bit . There are times when they go into Spinal Tap type of material , where they deliver deadpan satire , then they break into laughs and giggles that kind of ruins it . The interviews with Moses Znaimer ( a Canadian media mogule ) and Terry David Mulligan ( Music dude ) are extremely pretentious and verge into Tap territory unintentionally.<br /><br />This movie does n't really document very much either , I mean , it 's basically one show and at the start of the film , they are already huge and have a massive touring entourage , it 's not like we see them rising from obscurity and " surprise " they are popular , it 's a methodically planned out event , so in the end it 's rather lifeless , kind of half live concert , half documentary , and not much of either.<br /><br / >
0 Can you say " All shock , no plot ? " There were so many unexplored directions in this movie . There was no history about the room other than the deaths . * WHY * was it evil ? What made it that way ? Why an " hour " countdown ? Then , there were the unexplored things hinted at ; for example we * saw * a camera in the air vent , which he mentioned . But when he climbed up said vent , there was no camera.<br /><br />How about the fact that all the ghosts looked " Digital " , and things " winked out " before hitting the ground making a static noise ? Hmmm ... when you put all of * those * things together , it makes room 1408 look like a high - tech spook house . Except that there was no follow up on that.<br /><br />Oh ... by the way ... electronics do n't work in 1408 . Well , except for the TV ... the cell phone has no signal , but Wireless Internet works fine . How many incontinuities can you possibly add ? I 'm sorry , but this film was nothing but " shock after shock " . It 's all been done before . Reflections in the mirror . Things just out of site . Changing paintings . Bleeding walls . The " Oh , it was all just a dream ... no it was n't . " And , if the room was " evil " , why make our main character come to terms with his daughter 's death , if it was going to keep him trapped there forever anyway ? It just did n't make sense.<br /><br />Additionally , there was no background information about " The first book " that he wrote . Just some vague information about the " dad was a jerk " and so forth . Speaking of dads , what was with the bit about his father ? " You 'll be in my place".<br /><br />Overall , a truly HORRIBLE movie . It was 100 % adrenalin shock factor , without any new or innovative effects , and certainly no back story , character development , etc.<br /><br />My overall impression is that the entire movie was made on the " Cheap " ; pretty much using one set and a couple of location shots , and was nothing but an effects film of recycled , cheesy , " seen - that - before " effects .
0 After spotting the high rating on IMDb , I decided to go see this movie . Beyond that high rating , I intentionally avoided reading any of the reviews . I wanted to go into the theater with a clean slate , without knowing the plot or having predetermined expectations.<br /><br />Given my rating , you can see that I was disappointed . I enjoyed the development of the main character Mike Enslin . I also enjoyed how the hotel manager attempted to talk him out of entering the hotel room . By the time Enslin entered the room , I was ready for some scary stuff.<br /><br />First chocolates appear on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded . Enslin reacts in a believable manner . He 's freaked out . I 'm encouraged and think to myself , this is going to be good . The people who made this movie understand that less is more.<br /><br />But it 's what happens next that was a big let down . The subtleness is quickly replaced by the predictable shotgun approach ... Just blast the audience with every Hollywood scary trick in the book and hope that something works . Let 's see , a clock radio that turns on by itself ? Good , that 's always scary . Objects that move around in the room ? Good , you ca n't complain about that . Blood dripping from the walls and sink ? Great . Ghosts that commit suicide ? Good . Anything else ? How about loud noises , shaking , fire , more shaking , messing up the room , more blood , etc etc . It 's all good . And it 's all been done before . Overstimulate our Attention Deficit Disordered audience with all kinds of stuff in quick succession , and they wo n't be able to look away.<br /><br />Well , it did n't work for me . And you know what else ? When I go see a horror movie in a theater , it 's typical to hear several groups of girls in the audience yelling in fear at scary moments . But this movie had no scary moments . The audience was silent and disinterested . I felt no chill down my spine . Nothing . The Shining was 100x what this movie tries to be.<br /><br />So who are all these people who are saying that it is one of the best horror movies ever ? Friends of the director ? Sorry , I just do n't get it .
0 I do n't see what everyone liked about this movie . The set - up was too long and talky , and when it was done , the main character remained as flat and opaque as he had been in the first scene . After the film finally got Cusack into the eponymous hotel room , I had to wonder , well , what 's going to happen here for the next hour or so to keep me engaged . The answer : not much , just John Cusack having a long , drawn - out , mental breakdown.<br /><br />Maybe if the Cusack character had more depth . . maybe if his freak - out were a more thorough reworking of his everyday life . . . maybe if the film had either better developed its half - baked themes about loss and faith or had not tacked them on in the first place . . . maybe if the film had made a choice to be either psychological horror or thrill - ride horror and had fully embraced one of these styles . . . I dunno . All I do know is that I saw this movie with two other horror buffs and none of us much liked it.<br /><br />Except for the disquieting episode on the hotel ledge , the alarming crazy lady with the hammer , and the so - stupid - it - was - fun crypt keeper in the air duct , all three of which account for no more than five minutes of screen time , this film was a bore.<br /><br />By the way , this story seems to steal ideas from The Shining and use them here to much less powerful effect . Is Stephen King now reduced to stealing ideas from himself ?
0 ' 1408 ' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics . The kind that might make date - movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear , but disappoint audiences searching for a little depth and direction.<br /><br />John Cusak plays a writer who 's made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in rumored haunted hotels . Despite assurances by patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls , there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal . When he learns of the history of Room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel -- no wait , I mean , Dolphin Hotel in New York City -- he decides it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book . But , Samuel L. Jackson , playing the hotel owner , strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocities that have occurred in theat room since the hotel 's opening many years ago . The story is simple and we , as possible skeptics , must sit through Jackson 's lengthy foreshadowing ramble . < br /><br />In other words : be afraid ! Be very afraid!<br /><br />Of course , it would be easy to convince audiences that they 've just paid to see an edge - of - the - seat thriller if it did n't take so long to build up to this point . And also , if what followed was a lot more than cheap " boos " that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually , you might soon expect them . The temperature in the room changes automatically . The walls drip with blood . The fearless writer ca n't open the door , etc . And after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to audiences promised big thrills , you might sit and hope that at least you can be wowed by the ending . With suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time - wasters , even that fails to quell our doubts that before the movie is over , we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable.<br /><br />Despite grand performances ( as always ) by Cusak , who essentially is the entire film , most everyone else of note is wasted ( i.e. Samuel L. Jackson ) in insignificant minor roles . The true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating . Ballot - stuffing ghosts ?
0 I am a huge , huge fan of John Cusack , Samuel L. Jackson , and Tony Shalhoub . I 'm slightly less fond of Stephen King , but I like some of his work.<br /><br />This said , I should have LOVED 1408.<br /><br />***POSSIBLE SPOILERS AFTER THIS POINT * * * * < br /><br />I walked in eager . I walked out disappointed.<br /><br />This is not the fault of the actors . Shalhoub and Jackson both have very small roles because the premise of the movie puts Cusack in the " guy in a locked room " scenario.<br /><br />This was n't a BAD movie , but I ca n't call it a good one either . It was a muddied mess that had moments of " ouch , that 's just WRONG , " combined with moments of " ouch , that 's just painful , " and moments of " oh , now THAT 'S just unfortunate " with very little continuity - connectivity between them . Eislin 's father shows up once , and there 's no seeming connection to the rest of Mike 's personal life that we see displayed while he tries to survive the room . < br /><br />A previous commenter described the Olin / Enslin argument as worth watching , and I very much agree . But other than that , aside from some clever musical cues ( the room almost playfully torments Enslin a little bit , and gives him one chance to get out before upping the ante ... at which point it gives him the one - hour countdown clock and the titular line from the Carpenters " We 've Only Just Begun . " ) it 's mostly " stuff jumps out at you when you least expect it ! " type horror that was fun when I was fourteen , and surrounded by friends my age , clutching each other in the summer while Jason stalked Camp Crystal Lake.<br /><br />The rest of the movie was " let 's make him relive some of his most painful experiences " mindgaming , with " let 's animate the paintings in creepy ways " cliché cheesiness.<br /><br />******END SPOILERS * * * * * < br /><br />I expected better from this movie with Stephen King 's name attached to it , as well as the actors I mentioned above.<br /><br />We never find out the origin of the evil . We never get to see the evil defeated , though we can presume maybe it was defeated.<br /><br />And the ending was just a jarring " What ? ! " moment.<br /><br />Wait for it to come on cable . I would n't have minded paying for it as a matinée , but I 'm feeling a bit shortchanged for having paid opening night prices for it .
0 This movie was exactly what I expected , not great , but also not that bad either . In my opinion PG13 movies are n't scary enough so that 's why I already knew I was going to be bored throughout the entire film . Sure there were scary things going on in the hotel room , but nothing we all have n't already seen . I guess I did n't like it because I thought there were too many twists and turns happening ; it got old and repetitive . I also did n't understand if all the things Cusack was experiencing in the room was real or not . There is no explanation for any of the events that occurred . The movie just drags on and when it finally does come to an end you want it to keep going because you are still waiting around for someone to tell you what the whole movie was about . What I did like was the special effects . Other than that there was n't much enjoyment from it . Maybe its just me but I thought this was below average .
0 Director Spike Lee is famous for making films pointing out racism . In many of films , such " Do The Right Thing , " most of the white people are all brutal racists . In this movie , interracial marriage is the subject , with racism once again being the entire issue.<br /><br />What Lee does , however , is once again demonstrate his bigotry against Christianity . It 's amazing the double standards that exist in the film world . If Lee or anyone else ever produced this kind of bias against another group he would be vilified , but Christians ? Hey , it 's " open season " on them.<br /><br />Ossie Davis , a reverend in this film , shoots his son and then puts the smoldering gun down on top of his Bible . They zoom in on that for another closeup just in case you missed it . Hey , folks , here 's another Bible reader and look what he ' 's like ! Lee does this sort of thing in just about every movie he makes.<br /><br />He shows the same hatred when dealing with race relations . Who could argue with portraying racism as an evil thing ? However , Lee perpetuates it in this film as he has in his other films . His obvious bitterness toward white people does n't help the situation . It only adds fuel to the fire . < br /><br />Hey , Spike : start " doing the right thing " and leave your prejudices in the closet . Better yet , " get over it." < br /><br />This is too bad because the subject matter could have made for a thought- provoking film if it had been done with objectivity and intelligence .
0 I 'm not sure why Spike Lee made this train wreck of a movie and conned poor Stevie Wonder into eternally pairing his beautiful music with this theatrical mess . I also resent the way he uses profanity as a part of the normal prose of professional Blacks . The abuse of his hold on ethnic movie goers is a shame . Scenes which seem to be contrived out the blue and have nothing to do with the theme or sub themes , play as if some college kid wrote this . I especially detest the ludicrous scene where the two leads are playfully sparring for no reason at all and the cops come and rough up Snipes . The overacting of the leads makes one feel as if Spike has no respect for his viewers or he has no clue what a movie is all about . The final scene appears to be thrown in to justify the use of a sledge hammer to tack a point in . This movie also supports the myth that all people of culture use the F - word in casual conversation . I am hoping he will realize that the rest of his movies are in the same pool as this one where he is not growing as a film maker . I think his union with Scorcesee in Clockers was a wise move . He should stick to making documentaries like the Four Little Colored Girls . Shock movies do not an Oscar make .
0 Jungle Fever is too highly stylized , stereotyped , and comes across as essentially dishonest . Wesley Snipes was wrong for the lead and there was no chemistry between him and Annabella Sciorra . Even though there 's plenty of talent in this movie , it 's mostly wasted because the parts are reduced to little more than decorative cameos . Also , instead of simply showing racism for the ugly and stupid thing it is , Spike Lee chooses to wave it around like a flag in a most whining and irritating manner . I made it through most of the film but I could n't quite finish it , and that , for me , rarely happens .
0 Who in their right mind plays a lyrical song at the same time they are portraying an emotional scene between two people ? When Flipper confronts his wronged wife in the dressing room , the song sung with lyrical content is as loud as the dialog , so one can hear neither , diluting any emotional impact the scene may have had . The scenes of Annabella getting beaten by her father with his fists , a lamp and then a belt was so cartoonish as to be absurd . This entire movie is a cartoon , the rampant prejudice against whites is literally astounding . The discussion by the black women after flipper 's wife finds out he has cheated on her with a white woman - as if it were a discussion by an oxford debating team , is ridiculous . The rampant racism might be possible to endure , but the soundtrack and the sound mixing during this ' movie ' is too much . It was a technically poorly made movie . There is no understanding of the basic craft of movie making , the sound track , the editing and the desperate attempt of great actors trying to keep this movie afloat . I actually felt sorry for Anthony Quinn , wondering why he had accepted a role in this flick - his appearance in this is painful . This is the first movie I have seen by this director and it will be my last .
0 In short:<br /><br />Spike Lee clearly has a lot on his mind . He 's thinking about racism color - ism , media and hegemony , consumerism and capitalism , religion , sexism , ' hetero - sexism ' , politics of the drug war etc etc ... <br /><br />That level of consciousness on is own is great . I think it is a blessing that more and more people are choosing to critically examine fundamental aspects of our daily lives ; the silent and invisible forces that govern our societies . However , just because Lee is making contentious films does not make him a good film - maker.<br /><br />What comes across in " Jungle Fever " is a superficial understanding of these socio - political forces . This is largely the result of two main failures:<br /><br />firstly , Lee is simply trying too hard . He seems to be desperately trying to accommodate every political / social statement he can think of into the 90mins . And as such , the end result seems confused and irresolute as he allows himself no time to develop characters that can fully embody the ideas he hopes to present . And so he exhausts stereotypes and we are left with rushed testimonies and very loaded dialogs . The end result is very staged and unrealistic.<br /><br />Secondly , by attempting to make statements about such a wide variety of societal functions , he appears to have no concrete or original interpretation of the social / political issues presented . What comes across is a puddle of regurgitated non - sense . You feel that he bought an elementary level sociology text book and spewed out all 500 pages.<br /><br />These are highly problematic features because the artistry of film is sacrificed and the work is transformed into a loudspeaker for the voice of the voice of the filmmaker . He is unable to distance himself from the work , and allow it to speak for itself.<br /><br />It functions neither as a piece of art nor a sound political argument.<br /><br />Although I still do appreciate Lee bringing up these important issues , I must say:<br /><br />Two thumbs down .
0 I have walked out of very few movies before they end , but I could n't finish this piece of garbage . This was the biggest load of racism trying to pass as legitimate film since " Birth of a Nation " . The characters were little more than cardboard cutouts . I do n't see how any actor would want their name associated with this film . Lee must have better things to do that put out garbage like this . I know that I and anyone with a brain have better things to do .... like watching paint dry . I wish that someone would make a film about interracial relationships that dealt with the topic realistically . There is a lot more depth to this subject the shallow ranting of a bitter director like Lee .
0 When I refer to Malice as a film noir I am not likening it to such masterpieces as Sunset Boulevard , Double Indemnity or The Maltese Falcon , nor am I comparing director Becker to Alfred Hitchcock , Stanley Kubrick , Stanley Kramer or Luis Bunuel . I am merely registering a protest against the darkness that pervades this movie from start to finish , to the extent that most of the time you simply can not make out what is going on . I can understand darkness in night scenes but this movie was dark even in broad daylight , for what reason I am at loss to understand . As it is , however , it would n't have made much difference if director Becker had filmed it in total darkness .
0 Flat , ordinary thriller about a conniving woman who deceives all those she supposedly loves in order to boost her bank account . Nicole Kidman plays the deceptive Tracey , married to the doting Andy ( Bill Pullman ) . When an old school friend of Andy 's named Jed Hill ( Alec Baldwin ) turns up as the resident surgeon , trouble is not far behind him.<br /><br />Script fails in that it does not carefully develop the promising premise into an effective , tantalising thriller , and the severe lack of character motivation , background and development leaves the whole show reaching . None of the cast are able to generate interest in their shallow characters , especially Bill Pullman , whose own inexplicably curious Andy is impossible to believe.<br /><br />Poor director Harold Becker is left trying to resurrect an impossibly dead project , and is unable to make entertainment from any of it . By the time the ' secret ' of the plot is revealed , you just wo n't care.<br /><br />At least the cinematography has Massachusetts looking good . Also stars George C. Scott , Peter Gallagher and Josef Sommer.<br /><br />Sunday , February 25 , 1996 - T.V.
0 I saw this movie a few years back on the BBC i sat thru it . How ? i do n't know , this is way up there in the " so bad it'Good " charts Kidman , Baldwin , and Pullman must cringe when they see it now . I think Woody Allen would have worked wonders with the outlandish plot , and Baldwin 's part could have been played with gusto by Leslie Nelson.it was on again tonight i tried to watch it again but life 's too short . the few minutes i watched was for the lovely Nicole she was so hot around 93 , has Baldwin ever made a good movie ? Pullman played his stock in trade " nice but dim " character the F - word coming out of his mouth when the lady from " frasier " miscast ed as a detective accuses him of murder sounds so wrong . stay well away .
0 Irene Dunne finished her illustrious career with this so - so movie . She should have gone out with a bang , being the classy actress she was , not in this unmemorable , almost unknown film . < br /><br />This lightweight comedy is okay , but nothing special . The first half of it is far better as it gets pretty stupid in the second half . Maybe Irene could see the handwriting on the wall and quit . Even her high - pitched voice got a bit annoying in here . Rumor has it she was not happy with this film . One can see why.<br /><br />The story reminded me of a 1950s television sitcom . Speaking of that , I thought David Nelson from the Ozzie & Harriet TV show was in this movie but it turned out to be a very young Richard Crenna . He looked and sounded just like Nelson.<br /><br />Overall , so - so at best and a sub - par ending for a great actress .
0 For the love of god please do n't see this movie ! Its a waste of time , the plot is predictable , as are the romantic scenes . Trying to build too much with very little , this film and its evil predictable villain is just lame . The characters are n't developed , and most of the film is padded out with shots of Rome , which is much more interesting than the actual film . To top all of that , the acting is a disgrace . I know everyone tries to find their niche , but this is truly a disaster . I ca n't believe that someone actually paid however many millions of pounds to put this film on screen . Do n't waste money or time on this film , go see your grandma or something worthwhile instead .
0 This movie really has no beginning or end . And it 's really VERY unbelievable . Mary - K and Ashley are supposed to be interns working in a mailing room for an Italian fashion company . But , for some reason , they 're put up in a 5-star hotel ( conveniently located across the street from the Coliseum ) , and all of the other interns they work with are just as abnormally model - looking as they are . One thing that I found obvious in this movie is the way that one of the twins DOESN'T end up with the guy . I guess they tried to twist their usual plot a bit . Nice try .
0 No , I 'm not kidding . If they ever propose a movie idea , they should be kicked out of the studio . I 'm serious . Their movies are exactly the same in every one , and they only consist of traveling to foreign locations , having a problem which they easily resolve , hoping to be popular , and getting new boyfriends . Think about it . If you have ever seen a movie starring them with a different plot , contact me and tell me its name . These " movies " are poor excuses to be on TV and go to other countries . There is a reason that the movies never go to theaters . I 'm sure that when they were really young and made some O.K. movies , some studio boss bought all their rights for 15 years , or something , so that now that they 're , what , 17 , they can make movies in other countries whenever they want using the studio 's money . Let me advise you , STAY AWAY FROM MARY - KATE AND ASHLEY ! IT 'S FOR YOUR OWN GOOD !
0 OK , this has got 2 be one of the worst excuses 4 a movie that i have ever had the misfortune of watching . Like all other Olsen twins movies with the possible exception of new york minute , this film had no story , gaping plot holes , disgustingly putrid acting and bad filming even ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! in case you have n't guessed yet I HATE MARY KATE AND ASHLEY ! ! ! ! ! ! The only reason i watched this was because i was really bored and nothing else was on . I wonder if the twins will EVER stop making the same stereotypical movies where they have an unbelievably stupid adventure in an exotic location and save the day meanwhile getting the help of two cute guys who drool over them immediately . The least they could would be to have a guy 4 1 of them or have them both falling 4 the same guy . The plot in this story was so imbecilic and just plain dumb . even a toddler could see the flaws in it . Maybe they should split up and start making films individually or maybe films with a different kind of story . Anyone who liked this movie was no offense - either really stupid , really artificial or has not seen any really good movie . or maybe they are really smart and just have bad cinematic choices . either way i would not recommend this movie to my worst nemesis for a good movie experience .. the only thing it is good 4 is some rib splitting laughter at the pathetic attempts to be cool . if you watch for laughs it 's hilarious . basically i give it 0 or less .
0 When In Rome is a definite improvement on Getting There . Getting There I found too predictable , contrived and slow , and to this day I still consider it as the Olsen twins ' worst . However , while When In Rome is n't a terrible movie , it 's not a great one either . If I had to sum it up in one word , I would say passable . It is good fun for teenagers , but I think adults wo n't find much to go on.<br /><br />When In Rome does have its good points . Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen are actually quite decent actresses , certainly very pretty as well . I will admit when I was 10 or so , I really liked them , and in general I kind of like them still . And I have enjoyed some of their movies like Passport To Paris and New York Minute . Back on target , both girls do n't do that bad a job , in fact they are very appealing . Plus their outfits are to die for , and the scenery of Rome is absolutely breathtaking . The soundtrack ai n't half bad either.<br /><br />However , where the film is brought down is in the plot and the script . The script is on the most part clichéd and has hints of deja vu . The plot , like most of the Mary Kate and Ashley movies , is very predictable , and anyone familiar with any other of the Olsen twins ' work , will find some rather unoriginal elements to it . Most of the characters are cardboard thin , and you do n't learn very much about them , and sometimes the pace is uneven . Sadly , the breathtaking scenery is spoilt by rather slapdash camera work , that looked rushed constantly.<br /><br />All in all , does have its good points , and certainly watchable . However , for my taste , it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff . 4/10 Bethany Cox
0 Identical twin sisters Mary - Kate and Ashley Olsen climbed to fame in sitcoms like " Two of a Kind " , I had never seen them in anything before , but I had an idea of what to expect , but it was much worse . Basically the Hunter sisters Charli ( Mary - Kate ) and Leila ( Ashley ) are in Rome for a Summer Intern Program , but not long after starting their jobs they are immediately fired for a series of mishaps . But the man who owns the company they are working in , Derek Hammond ( Julian Stone ) , gives them their jobs back , and they they do slowly prove themselves useful assets , and talented ( fashion ) artists , and help stop a mean man taking over the company . Also starring Leslie Danon as Jami , Derek Lee Nixon as Ryan , Ilenia Lazzarin as Dari , Archie Kao as Nobu , Valentina Mattolini as Heidi , Michelangelo Tommaso as Paolo and Matt Patresi as Enrico Tortoni . You can tell that this film was made to go straight to video , the camera - work is completely mismatched , and it does n't help when you want to admire the sights of Rome . In fact the background is the only good thing to watch , the twin sisters are two of the most annoying celebrities around , I knew before watching that they were n't going to interest me in any way ( their not even that pretty ) , this is awful gush of rubbish film . Pretty poor !
0 The plot was dull , the girls were sickening and the supposed Italian male lead had clearly never heard an Italian accent . Someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people . There were literally no redeeming features about this film.<br /><br />I think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again , with the unfortunate exception of the Olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.<br /><br />I hope the Olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business . They have no place in it .
0 1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3 out of 10(Dir - Steve Purcell ) : Typical Mary Kate & Ashley fare with a few more kisses . It looks to me like the girls are getting pretty tired of this stuff and it will be interesting what happens to them if they ever decide to split up and go there own ways . In this episode of their adventures they are interns in Rome for a ` fashion ' designer who puts them right into the mailroom to learn what working hard is all about(I guess .. ) . Besides the typical flirtations with boys there is nothing much else except the Rome scenario until about ¾ way into the movie when it 's finally revealed why they are getting fired , then re - hired , then fired again , then re - hired again . This is definetly made by people who do n't understand the corporate world and it shows in their interpretation of it . Maybe the real world will be their next adventure(if there is one . ) . Even my kids did n't seem to care for this boring ` adventure ' in the make - believe . Let 's see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults . We 'll see what happens then .
0 I do agree with everything Calamine has said ! And I do n't always agree with people , but what Calamine has said is very true , it is time for the girls to move on to better roles . I would like to see them succeed very much as they were a very inspirational pair growing up and I would like to see them grow as people , actresses and in their career as well as their personal life . So producers , please give the girls a chance to develop something that goes off the tangent a bit , move them into a new direction that recognises them individually and their talents in many facets . This movie that is being commented is not too bad , but as I have seen further on in their movies , their movies stay the same of typical plot and typography . When In Rome is good for audiences of younger generation but the adults who were kids when the twins were babies want to follow the twins in their successes and so hence I think we adults would like to see them make movies of different kinds , maybe some that are like the sixth sense , the hour , chocolat , that sort of movie - not saying to have just serious movies for them , humour ones too yes , but rather see them in different roles to what they have been playing in their more recent movies like this one and New York Minute . ( Note : I am from Australia so excuse my weird spelling like reognise with the s instead of z )
0 Acting was weak , but in a horror flick , I can live with that if the story is good . It was n't . The initial event was an clumsy and obvious ploy to exploit most people 's adoration of kids . OK , fine . Fast forward to the " place in the country " where they will recover emotionally . I like the revelation of the ghosts . OK , cool -- this will be a supernatural kinda horror story , with rotting things partly in our world partly in ... where ever . Then the action starts pulling like a three headed dog in a flurry of cats and birds -- Is there an evil force trying to attack them directly ? Is there an evil force trying to attack them INdirectly -- make people do awful things they would n't really do ? Oh , wait , no , maybe the whole REGION is some kind of psychic echo chamber where ambient discord can reverberate into murder ? OK , hold on -- maybe it 's really just one little mentally tangled " Delbert "- style redneck boy who misses his Mommy and is on some kind of spree like a K - Tel Norman Bates knock off ? Oh , yeah -- extra points off : the only Black character seems to be the grandson of an " Our Gang " pullman porter . The actor plays it as straight as he can given the crummy dialogue , but the fact is , his purpose is " Y'all done betta get outa heah , Boss ! " At least they wrote him smart enough to GTF outta there . The bit with the little girl being silenced and pulled away was definitely creepy , as was the chick in the shower . Those were just two of quite a few really delicious tidbits in this movie . The problem is that they are combined in disharmonious ways , like a bite of steak , a bite of chocolate and a bite of a Gummi bear . Each is great on it 's own , but mixed up ? Bleah ! Such potential . Wasted .
0 Grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter , discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place , restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide . Julie Pyke(Cheri Christian)blames husband Allen(Greg Thompson)for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it . Julie remains in a zombie state , eliciting next to no emotion , remote and numb , only photographing a nearby abandoned prison , finding a startling image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell . Though Allen does n't see anything out of the ordinary , Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is n't quite right . A local handyman , Jim Payne(Scott Hodges ) , a rather distant fellow who harbors a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts occurring to the Pykes . Meanwhile the neighbors who sold the Pykes the cabin find themselves victims as well , alcoholic Mr Booth 's abuse to his wife coming back to haunt him . Allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin , attempting to unravel the mystery about the place.<br /><br />Plenty of ghosts moving about in the background in this somber supernatural tale with practically every character miserable . Cheri Christian remains so vacuous and lost , it 's incredibly hard to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her plight . The acting , as is often mentioned , remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to latch on to . I guess it 's supposed to be this way , under their circumstances , but the trouble I had was never being able to properly embrace the Pykes due to their constant state of aloofness . Cheri comes off as cold and detached , as I figure a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way , but the icy nature left me pleading inside to embrace her which I just never could . I think the right performers , even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil , can grab the hearts of their viewers , if a humanity reaches out to us .. in this movie 's case , the leads are unable to do so , for whatever reason . It could 've been me , I do n't know . I wanted to care for them , but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings . Anyway , as the film continues , Allen slowly uncovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and she wo n't lose her little girl again . Jim , the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings plaguing the area he must kill the Pykes , becomes a vital threat . The ghosts remain a central part of the movie , their presence , particularly Jim 's mother , established throughout , off in the distance . The finale reveals all of them as Allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim 's mission . I had a hard time getting into this one due to my unease with the leads and their characters .
0 Give me my money back ! Give me my life back ! Give me a bit of credit . This movie was vomit worthy . Useless and time consuming . What a waste of energy and totally pointless . Okay I understand the premise and the idea sound but , give us a break ! Next time just give me the money and let me spend it . Lost child , mothers remorse , blamed husband ! Cliché yes~ ! Get a life ! Sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time , my money and my being . I would rather watch eggs cook ! No real explanation to why this happened . Prison ? Why ? Loss ? obvious but Why ? Acting deserves a What am I doing here Oscar and the cinematography a Am I just doing this for a Wage ? How much did this movie make ? Well this silly fool hired a copy . Enough said
0 Okay . Look- I 've seen LOTS and I do mean LOTS of these types of films . You know , the ones where the DVD cover just look SO good and scaarrryyy that you just ca nt WAIT to see it ? Well , I got GOT again . And I 'm getting ' pretty tired of it . But I digress . It 's pretty simple . It sucked(I know , rather juvenile ) but it did . AndI SO agree with the other poster that if we had to sit through the boring thing , why oh WHY did the lead actress have to be so unnattractive?Distractingly so if I may add . And the scowl she used convey unresolved pain / grief over the death of her daughter did little help . I mean , Jesus .. Oh , but the crawling - on - her - back - demon thingee was pretty neat ...
0 I 'm writing this because I somehow felt being led to believe Dark Remains was a good movie . Whilst it 's not the worst I 've seen , it certainly is n't good.<br /><br />A Weak script , weak actors , and weak directing . Even if they ca n't afford big name cast , would it be too much to ask for a more attractive lead actress ? It was painful to watch a plain actress through out the film with her dull performance . The story was a cliché and poorly scripted . The special effects were minimal . The " suspense " tricks employed repetitively here were hard to swallow.<br /><br />To be fair , Dark Remains is no worse than quite some of the Masters of Horrors ' episodes . But not quite on par with quality movies yet . Dark Remains is only recommended for the hardcore horror fans who do n't want to miss any movie in the genre , even if it 's a poorly made one . As for anyone else , time should be spent on something more valuable - which should be extremely easy .
0 If you have ever seen a movie by Brian Avenet - Bradley and compares it to the feedbacks it gets on IMDb , you know that most of the comments and votes are faked . TRUST ME : you will be bored ! People of the production team write their feedback themselves ( sometimes they even admit it ) . But that 's not enough : They also click constantly " no " whenever there is a negative comment on the movie . That 's why negative critics are always placed behind the hyped ones.<br /><br />The movie itself is bad , bad , bad : bad acting , bad lighting , bad script , bad ending . Believe me now ! If not , you will believe me later!<br /><br />Brian Avenet - Bradley might be quite a good business man . Otherwise it can not be explained that he finds people who still finance his movies . ( Okay , they are cheap , but nevertheless . ) But as a creative person , he is a complete failure .
0 This is the weakest of the series , not much of a plot and a rather odd - looking Wallace . But it 's still pretty good , considering . A sign of greater things to come!<br /><br />6/10
0 For those of us that lived thru those weeks of filming in town and around the Valley - lest we not forget the tedious days of road closures and " film - making " . As a reminder to those that live here - locales include Boulder Creek , Bonny Doon , Davenport , Big Basin . etc . The bank was the BC firehouse ; chase scenes included Moon Drive off Hwy 236 , Empire Grade Rd , and Hwy 1.<br /><br />Production : Jeffrey Jones was the most approachable , Matt Broderick was above us all - even back then . As far as the film goes - a joke of a script and even a bigger laugh regarding acting and plot - but who cares at this level . A nice time capsule for those that enjoy our coast and valley scenery.<br /><br />Additional notes ; Joe 's Bar ( Jed 's Tavern in the film ) , original name of the film was Welcome to Buzzsaw - the Old Erba 's parking lot was the town square , the backyard shots were off of Grove Street in Boulder Creek ; turn off the thinking cap and see a few actors in their early days .
0 Quite possibly . How Francis Veber , one of the best comedy directors in the world ( at least when sticking to his native France ) , managed to turn in a film so completely unwatchable is beyond the reason of mere mortal man to discern . It 's not just that the characters are so unlikeable or that the film is so utterly devoid of even the lowest form of wit : it 's genuinely physically painful to watch , such an endless parade of inept writing , acting and film - making that you can not believe this is the work of experienced - and talented - filmmakers . For once the near - eternity spent in the cutting room and on the shelf before its blink - and - you'll - miss - it theatrical release tells the whole story . What were they thinking ?
0 A short review but ... <br /><br />Avoid at all costs , a thorough waste of 90mins . At the end of the film I was none the wiser as to what had actually happened . It 's full of cameos ( Stephen Fry ( 3mins ) , Jack Dee ( 30 secs ) , the " Philadelphia " girls ) and some vaguely recognisable people but it just does n't make any sense . Whether the story just got lost in the edit I do n't now but jeez ... <br /><br />Put on a DVD instead or go to bed and get some rest!!!<br /><br />2 out of 10 ( for the cameos and a Morris Minor car chase)<br /><br / >
0 This is an amateur movie shot on video , not an " electrifying drama " as the DVD liner notes falsely boast . I have seen much better stuff from undergrad film students . The bulk of the story unfolds with an all - nite taxi ride around Jakarta . This movie could have been made using a single video camera , but there are a few sections where two cameras were used and the content was bounced together later . The editing is extremely rough . The final edit was probably done with two cameras , bouncing content back and forth , instead of with a proper editor . Perhaps they did the editing in the taxi too ? The English subtitles were written by someone not fluent in English , e.g. , " Where you go now ? " To say the production quality is on a par with Blair Witch is generous . If you 're not scared away yet , this film was an ambitious and creative endeavor , with lots of cool and funky images from all over Jakarta .
0 This is n't one of those reviews about poor special effects or technology , or being dated , issues that only the dorkiest people could relate with , but rather a review on the story telling , which most of us are truly interested in.<br /><br />The plot is about a combination of WWII Allied and German Navy members , and two civilians ( the hero and heroine ) , who are thrust together on a German U boat and wind up in a savage land of dinosaurs.<br /><br />The manipulations are n't so bad by film standards , and we know from the plot that realism is n't going to be high . What films like this need are credible and likable characters , along with some semblance of reason in the actions.<br /><br />This film lacks both . For a full length film , only 6 characters are given any time , and 3 of them are barely looked into . McClure 's hero is beyond " routine " , and does n't make much sense in any era.<br /><br />The female seems to be looking for an answer to a riddle about the land of dinosaurs they entered , but the riddle is not much of a riddle , and we could care less.<br /><br />A lot of failure in a film that should have been better , even for its time .
0 This was recently on AMC 's vibrant movie classics and I had to laugh . I had high hopes for this adventure that follows in the vein of " Voyage to the Earth 's Core " and " Mysterious Island " . I was sorely disappointed not only in the acting credentials but in the silly story line that reads from a five year old 's comic book . Be sure to catch sight of the wires that are holding on to the Pterdactyl 's wings when they grasp " Ogar " a half idiot pre - modern man who befriends the lost adventurers . The ending left it open for further rehashing of the same effects in " People that Time Forgot " . Do n't waste your time .
0 Another day stuck indoors , another film to watch . Having finally completed my Christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon , I had nowhere else to go to escape " The Land That Time Forgot " . Or rather , I had nothing else to watch.<br /><br />Doug McClure , that bastion of leading - man actors , leads a handful of Allied sailors sunk by a U - Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916 . Capturing the U - Boat ( in a scene that defies logic and reason ) , they eventually find themselves on a strange island , apparently untouched by human hands . Together , they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and Neanderthals ! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that Time forgot ? < br /><br />Despite being made few years before " Star Wars " , these films are light - years apart in terms of special effects . The model shots are little better than anything you would expect to see in an episode of Gerry Anderson 's " Stingray " and the creatures are n't much better either . When the T - Rex ( I 'm assuming that 's what it was ) was killed , it fell in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - frozen in mid - walk and collapsing , arms and legs held out like a sleeping cow that 's been pushed over . Granted , the sets are n't too bad but the lousy acting and endless explosion noises ( which all sound the same ) do their best to ruin credibility and your enjoyment of the picture as a whole . Characters are neither believable or worthy of your sympathy as they fire their guns at seemingly anything that moves . In the end , I just did n't care if they got off the island or not and by the time the end came , I was more relieved than entertained.<br /><br />Costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and it is bear - skin bikinis and loin cloths all round . And although it was fairly obvious from their actions , you would n't have known that some characters were German from their accents . The whole thing just lacked some polish and cohesion , leaving the viewer confused in places and nonplussed in others . Overall , this film barely registers a ripple of excitement these days although you can find some small amusement in trying to work out where Colin Farrell is . I spotted his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an Irish accent and suspect facial hair . Oh well . Nothing particularly great here to see then , but just about OK if you 're eating your lunch and the weather is preventing further activity .
0 I had a recent spectator experience with The Perfect Witness ( 2007 ) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested I watch this film . Apparently , at some point , I told it how much I liked Michael Haneke 's , Benny 's Video . I do n't know about you , but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over Thomas C. Dunn 's film and made the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to refuse . Just this kind of recommendation from the NetFlix computer intelligence , for me , had the aesthetic / moral movie bar set to level so high that , upon reflection , it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film produced in the year 2007.<br /><br />Having prefaced my response to the film that way , I 'm going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal ; and I really hate to do that because I think our boy , Wes Bentley , happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema , but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the US . I 'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy 's going to miss the fame ship if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie directors like this.<br /><br />The Perfect Witness is about Micky ( Wes Bentley ) , who , about thirty , still lives with Mom ( " You 're not drinkin ' again area ya 's ? " ) , but he 's a " filmmaker " or at the very least some kind of street - level voyeur with a pension for shooting would - be Johns in the seedy back alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. Out there , doing his private investigator - like drills , Micky " inadvertently " video - tapes a brutal murder on a hapless early - twenty - ish coed with his hand held camcorder . Baring the notion in mind that snuff and movies as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto ( and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put up the money for his atrocious films ) , Micky approaches the assailant , James LeMac ( Mark Borkowski : also takes a writing credit ) or " Mac the Knife " whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulses , holding this found footage over the attacker with threats of the police.<br /><br />The problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do . While both the writing and direction are amateurish , that alone does n't make a film bad . It 's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log - on to the web and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little Mac or PC . No film relies on shock value alone any more ( unless of course , ironically , it 's a film about torture on animals ) and therefore cinematic images of violence ( real or fake ) have less and less cultural capital with each year that passes . Also , we 've got this astounding actor - talent in the lead all styled - up , real hip guy : his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it , backwards , just like the dork from high school who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest same guy who just now calls himself a " poet." < br /><br />Spare me . " I 'm an artist , " " I 'm a filmmaker . " Okay . Please do , carry on with that shtick , Cronnie . Seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35 mm stock . And go ahead , you can wear all the accrutements of a " creative " but do n't expect us top respond to you , to follow your below average character through your two hour movie while you take down Wes Bentley 's career . Why do n't we just let history speak to the merits of what you do , filmmaker guy . My guess is history will eventually have say something about that like , probably that 's in not is good as you think it is . And yeah , odds are you 'll be laying the blame on your dear ole ma , end up like our man Micky here in The Perfect Witness ; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy 's blood with a video camera in your hand . Great .
0 Having just wasted a couple of hours watching this and for 80 % of that time in complete disbelief , I can give this garbage the turkey of the year award , no problem . To say the plot was unbelievable is some big understatement . Frankly I am lost for words to describe this utter tripe . Not only are the characters completely and utterly without any semblance of originality ( this sort of stuff has been done much better in dozens of ' serial killer flicks')but the acting was dire . For those who pay to see this , I hope you get your money back , for those who were paid to do this , I hope you GIVE your money back . Believe me folks there are many new releases out there that are much , much better . Go see .
0 Wow , i 'm a huge Henry VIII / Tudor era fan and , well , this was .... interesting . The only one I watched was the Catherine of Aragon one . And wow ... just wow . I 've seen bad acting before , but this reached new heights . When the actress who played Catherine was umm .. crying ? she wails and screams and i have to admit i rewinded many times ... many , many times .... funny , funny stuff . The only person who even showed any slight sliver of talent was the actress playing Anne Boleyn ( i might be prejudiced though , i do have a slight obsession with Anne Boleyn , she was a really facinating woman , read up on her , it 's worth it ! ) Also , i have read a lot about the Tudor time period and i think that the characters were n't very acurately displayed , they were all very stereotypical . Only see this movie if you are prepared to see a very important time period , and the important lives of those involved turned into a laughing stock .
0 The beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor , but once the film changes into animation it quickly loses its appeal.<br /><br />One of the reasons that was so , at least for me , was that the colors in much of the animation are too muted , with too little contrast . It does n't look good , at least on VHS . Once in a while it breaks out and looks great , but not often Also , the characters come and go too quickly . For example , I would have liked to have seen more of " Moby Dick . " When the film starts to drag , however , it picks up again with the entrance of the dragon and then the film finishes strong . < br /><br />Overall , just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated films of the last dozen years .
0 About 4 years ago , I liked this movie . I would watch it over and over and over . But now ... I do n't . Actually , I think this movie would have been great for Mystery Science Theater 3000 . It has a bunch of comment - heavy actors ( Macaulay Culkin , Christopher Lloyd , Patrick Stewart , Whoopi Goldberg ) , and a pretty cheesy plot . My favorite part is when Culkin is riding his bike and he comes across a gang and a gang member says , " Hey , Tyler ! Where ya goin' ? The MOON ? ? " Also look out for the classic line , " Do you have feeling in your toes?" < br /><br />On the other hand , it 's better than " The Good Son " .
0 Richard Tyler is a little boy who is scared of everything . He does n't like riding his bike or climbing on his tree house because he knows what kind of accidents might happen to him . So one day he is riding his bike and because it is starting to rain , he decides to wait in the library until it stops raining . In there the whole story takes place . He experiences all kinds of staff and in the end he is not scared any more . But the whole story is unbelievable and even good actors like Macaulay Culkin could not make the story better than it is .
0 " I 'm a cartoon ! " " You 're an illustration ! " what does that suppose to mean ? ! This plot could not be worse as a boy , who 's afraid of everything , becomes very brave at the very end of the film because he went into a library . The only purpose of this waste of celluloid was to encourage American kids to read , when a cheaper , and more effective way of doing this could have been a series of adverts ! Even the talents of Macaulay Culkin(as the kid ) , Christopher Lloyd ( as the so predictable " that he 's a the Page Master " librarian ) , could save this pointless film from the dull plot . Even the voices of Whoopi Goldberg , Patrick Stewart,(even ) Leonard Nimoy , or the Hollywood God of voices , Frank Welker as the cartoon characters do n't save it ever . I can only describe it as a 1990s equivalent to the even ghastly 1978 adaption of the Water Babies , because the bland animation makes the film worse , not improving the dull plot !
0 There is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is " the Pagemaster".<br /><br />I found this out when I watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years . I remember hating it with a passion when it first came out , but this time , I found that the special effects are quite good . The plot is just " the Neverending Story " with a creativity - endectomy , but it 's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye - candy . The animation is amazing , and I especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm . I 'm giving it a grade of three as I * would * have given it a two ( just for parody value ) if I had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story - wise .
0 Ghost Town starts as Kate Barrett ( Catherine Hickland ) drives along an isolated desert road , her car suddenly breaks down & she hears horses hoofs approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley ( Frank Luz ) of Riverton County is called in to investigate Kate 's disappearance after her father reports her missing . He finds her broken down car & drives off looking for her , unfortunately his car breaks down too & he has to walk . Langley ends up at at a deserted rundown ghost town , much to his shock Langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town as it 's populated by the ghosts of it 's former residents & is run by the evil Devlin ( Jimmie F. Skaggs ) who has kidnapped Kate for reasons never explained & it 's up to Langley to rescue her & end the towns curse ... <br /><br />The one & only directorial effort of Richard Governor this odd film did n't really do much for me & I did n't like it all that much . The script by Duke Sandefur tries to mix the horror & western genres which it does n't do to any great effect . Have you ever wondered why there are n't more horror western hybrid films out there ? Well , neither have I but if I were to ask myself such a question I would find all the answers in Ghost Town because it 's not very good . The two genres just do n't mix that well . There are plenty of clichés , on the western side of things there 's the innocent townsfolk who are to scared to stand up to a gang of thugs who are terrorising them , the shoot - outs in the main street , saloon bars with swing doors & prostitutes upstairs & horror wise there 's plenty of cobwebs , some ghosts , an ancient curse , talking corpses & a few violent kills . I was just very underwhelmed by it , I suppose there 's nothing terribly wrong with it other than it 's just dull & the two genres do n't sit together that well . There are a few holes in the plot too , why did Devlin kidnap Kate ? I know she resembled his previous girlfriend but how did he know that & what was he going to do with her anyway ? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either , I mean what 's keeping them there & what caused them to come back as ghosts ? Then there 's the bit at the end where Devlin after being shot says he ca n't be killed only for Langley to kill him a few seconds later , I mean why did n't the bullets work in the first place?<br /><br />Director Governor does alright , there 's a nice horror film atmosphere with some well lit cobweb strewn sets & the standard Hollywood western town is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining either side of it . I would n't say it 's scary because it is n't , there 's not much tension either & the film drags in places despite being only just over 80 odd minutes in length . Forget about any gore , there a few bloody gunshot wounds , an after the fact shot of two people with their throats slit & someone is impaled with a metal pole & that 's it.<br /><br />I'd have imagined the budget was pretty small here , it 's reasonably well made & is competent if nothing else . Credit where credit 's due the period costumes & sets are pretty good actually . The acting is alright but no - ones going to win any awards.<br /><br />Ghost Town is a strange film , I 'm not really sure who it 's meant to appeal to & it certainly did n't appeal to me . Anyone looking for a western will be annoyed with the dumb horror elements while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored by the western elements . It 's something a bit different but that does n't mean it 's any good , worth a watch if your desperate but do n't bust a gut to see it .
0 I was at this film 's premiere at the Toronto Film Festival in 1997 . After the screening , when the writer / director and some cast members offered to answer questions , no one could even be bothered to ask any . Rarely has a film been so poorly directed ( why on earth were random frames snipped out of some scenes ? ) , wretchedly acted ( David Arquette , to paraphrase Dorothy Parker , does not run the emotional gamut from A to B. He parks at A and brings a lunch ) and utterly pointless . Characters behave completely out of character for no reason except to force the plot to move in certain directions . At long last , the film comes to a completely random and pointless end that 's supposed to " really make you think . " Unfortunately , what it makes you think is , " Well , there 's 90 minutes of my life I 'm never getting back . "
0 THE ALARMIST is so abysmally scripted that you have think to yourself why on earth did an up and coming actor like David Arquette agree to be in it . It has to be one of the weakest plots I have ever seen and without any humour at all , it borders on the brink of tedious . It staggers along to a dreadful conclusion which appears to only happen because the director got bored and just wanted to wrap up quickly in order to get home for his dinner . Stay away!.
0 David Arquette is a young and naive home security alarm < br /><br />salesman taken under the wing of Stanley Tucci . Arquette is a < br /><br />golden boy , scoring a big sale on his first call- to widow Kate < br /><br />Capshaw and her dopey son Ryan Reynolds . Things are going < br /><br />well for Arquette , he is appearing in commercials for the security < br /><br />firm and he is falling in love with Capshaw.<br /><br />Then Tucci and his right hand woman Mary McCormack let him in < br /><br />on a little secret- they sometimes break into the houses of their < br /><br />clients in order to scare them and to get their neighbors to buy < br /><br />security systems from the firm . Arquette decides not to get < br /><br />involved , taking Capshaw to meet his family , and going through life < br /><br />with a goofy smile on his face . Then , someone breaks into < br /><br />Capshaw 's home and murders her and her son . Arquette suspects Tucci , and sets a series of traps , resulting in a gun to his < br /><br />boss ' head as Tucci pleads his innocence.<br /><br />Based on a stage play , " The Alarmist " is not opened up well . The < br /><br />scenes where Arquette takes the Capshaw to meet his parents < br /><br />are badly played and completely unfunny . They are also out of line < br /><br />with the character Capshaw is playing , as she gets drunk and tells < br /><br />sexually explicit stories to Arquette 's mom Michael Learned . Other < br /><br />than these scenes , Capshaw is not given much to do , but she < br /><br />does a lot with the little she is given.<br /><br />Stanley Tucci , looking just like Terry O'Quinn , is a riot as the < br /><br />security firm owner . He is a creep who really does not understand < br /><br />Arquette 's moral revulsion . However , when he turns into a < br /><br />sniveling whiner after Arquette kidnaps him , he is hilarious . Mary < br /><br />McCormack seems to have been groomed for a bigger role , but < br /><br />she mostly stands around and agrees with Tucci . Ryan Reynolds < br /><br />is too old to play a dumb teenager , but he is funny , especially < br /><br />telling his own explicit sexual story to Arquette.<br /><br />The screenplay lurches from romantic comedy to dark comedy too < br /><br />soon . Capshaw meeting the parents is completely unmotivated,<br /><br />except to give her a reason to get out of town so someone can < br /><br />break into her house . Capshaw and Reynolds are in the film just < br /><br />to give Arquette a reason to take revenge on Tucci.<br /><br />Arquette , who has proven he is a good actor , is awful here . He < br /><br />relies on the constipated mugging that got him through those < br /><br />AT&T ads , and he is not a strong enough presence to build this < br /><br />weak film around . Actually , Reynolds might have been a better < br /><br />choice in the role.<br /><br />Dunsky 's direction is good , nothing that will win an Oscar soon.<br /><br />Christophe Beck 's light jazzy score recalls the type of film noir this < br /><br />film tries to be , and it is really catchy on top of that.<br /><br />Despite the pluses , Arquette 's failure as a lead and the script's < br /><br />schizophrenic quality sinks the film . I do not recommend it.<br /><br />This is rated ( R ) for physical violence , gun violence , some gore,<br /><br />strong profanity , brief female nudity , sexual content , strong sexual < br /><br />references , and adult situations .
0 What begins as a fairly clever farce about a somewhat shady security monitoring company turns , almost instantaneously , into an uninteresting and completely inane murder mystery . David Arquette and the great Stanley Tucci try mightily to make this train wreck watchable , but some things are just not humanly possible.<br /><br />What , for instance , causes Gale to turn suddenly from a sweet motherly figure into a drunken shrew at Tommy 's parents house ? Why would Heinrich , although admittedly a sleezebag , want to destroy the business to which he devotes his life , by robbing and possibly murdering his customers ? Why does the seemingly sensible Tommy believe that Heinrich could be a murderer ( based almost entirely on a dream ) , and even if that were believable , why would n't he go to the police ? And why did n't Gale activate the alarm when she got home , especially after scolding Howie about it being off ? Of course , all of these events are necessary for the plot ( and I use the term very , very loosely ) to unfold . And it might be forgivable if it resulted in even the slightest bit of comedy . But everything , from Howie 's description of his date rape , to the coroner 's misidentification of Gale , to the final " joke " about Gale and Howie still being dead , is more tasteless and pathetic than anything else.<br /><br />I checked the box indicating that my comments contained " spoilers " , but there 's nothing more I or anyone else could do to spoil this thing that already stinks to high heaven .
0 ... am i missing something here ? ? ? " unexpected plot developments " ? " plot twisting with subversive glee " ? are these viewers watching the same Arquette vehicle to which i just subjected myself ( in an now - obvious sub(un)conscious bout of sadomasochism) ... I just joined this site simply to make sure that no one else ever rents this stinker ... this movie was an embarrassment to every single person involved ... quick question : did Sir Stevie read the script before he gave the thumbs - up to Kate C. ? if so , then it must be the same Spielberg who greenlighted " howard the duck" ... don't give me that , " it was a hit play " crap -- i'm guessing Mssr . Reddin ai n't too pleased ... the DVD cover promised " surprising corners " and a " twisted story ... " Story!!Story ? ? It 's crap like this that make old Bobby McKee and his wandering band of Structuralists sound like geniuses ... Sundance??Berlin??Toronto ? ? I have a home video of my cat farting that evokes more interest than Arquette 's negatively - dimensional portrayal of anguished loss ... and , talk about deux ex machina for Mr. Stanley T. ; thank god , just in the nick o time he thought to have Dave call the cops ! and thank shiva that the cops had just caught the true killer ... what ! ! ! up until the credits i was still waiting for it to be some kind of grift against Arquette and his " hidden millions" ... no , Mrs. Spielberg , you do n't escape unscathed : what the hell was that kitchen scene with the " athlete 's foot in my crotch " gag ? ? ? are you worse in this or " just cause " ? ? i dunno ... hey film lovers : why do n't you make it a blockbuster night and rent this along with " jersey girl " and " white chicks " and then commit sepukka ( or is it seppuka) ... and take E. Dunsky with you ....
0 What a horrible comedy . Totally lame . The supposed " humor " was simple and stupid . Stanly Tucci ( a great actor ) had the only parts worth chuckling at . And he was tied up and gagged at the time . Do n't waste your time with this one . It deserves a 0/10 .
0 Pointless , humourless drivel ..... meant to be a comedy ; but not one laugh in the whole film . Gratuitous violence often with guns . What kind of warped mentality can either make or say this is a good film ? ! 1 out of 10 .
0 Very poor effort that offers pretty much nothing to anyone but a hardcore fan of Stanley Tucci , who tries , but can not save the poor structure , dialogue , direction , or talent of our leading man.<br /><br />Pretty much the only trick this plodding tale of a naive new salesman for an alarm company has , is its quirky side characters . But without a realistic backdrop , such characters are pointless.<br /><br />Nothing to see here , keep moving ... <br /><br / >
0 I caught this Cuban film at at an arthouse film club . It was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 Silly Symphony cartoon where the Isle of Symphony is reconciled with the Isle of Jazz . What with the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez piped through speakers in this old cinema - ballroom and a Cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motifs , the scene was set for a riproaring celebration of engaged filmmaking and synchronised hissing at the idiocies of Helms - Burton . But then the film started . And the cinema 's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on - screen.<br /><br />The storyline of Nada Mas promises much . Carla is a bored envelope - stamper at a Cuban post office . Her only escape from an altogether humdrum existence is to purloin letters and rewrite them , transforming basic interpersonal grunts into Brontëan outbursts of breathless emotion . Cue numerous shots of photogenic Cubans gushing with joy , grief , pity , terror and the like.<br /><br />The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marred by endless excursions into film - school artiness , latino caricature , Marx brothers slapstick and even - during a particularly underwhelming editing trick - the celluloid scratching of a schoolkid defacement onto a character 's face.<br /><br />Unidimensional characters abound . Cunda , the boss at the post office , is a humourless dominatrix - nosferatu . Her boss - eyed accomplice , Concha , variously points fingers , eavesdrops and screeches . Cesar , the metalhead dolt and romantic interest , reveals hidden writing talent when Carla departs for Miami . A chase scene ( in oh - so - hilarious fast - forward ) is thrown in for good measure . All this would be fine in a Mortadello and Filemon comic strip , but in a black - and - white zero - FX flick with highbrow pretensions , ahem.<br /><br />Nada Mas attempts to straddle the stile somewhere between the ' quirky - heroine - matchmakes - strangers ' of Amelie and the ' poetry - as - great - redeemer ' theme of Il Postino . Like Amelie , its protagonist is an eccentric single white female who combats impending spinsterdom by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers . And like Il Postino , the film does not flinch from sustained recitals of poetry and a postman on a bicycle takes a romantic lead . Unfortunately , Nada Mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film.<br /><br />There are two things that might merit watching this film in a late - night TV stupor . The first is the opening overhead shot of Carla on a checker - tiled floor , which cuts to the crossword puzzle she is working on . The second is to see Nada Mas as a cautionary example : our post Buena Vista Social Club obsession with Cuban artistic output can often blinker us into accepting any dross that features a bongo on the soundtrack . This film should not have merited a global release - films such as Waiting List and Guantanamera cover similar thematic territory far more successfully .
0 Unbelievably bad acting , a no good , unclear story and flashy images and slow - motions where they are needed the least : Adrenaline is everything a movie should not be.<br /><br />Georgina Verbaan ( a so - and - so dutch soap actress who has n't attended her English classes ) plays rich girl Freya , who has the habit of ' thrill - seeking ' . Which basicly is doing dangerous stunts , break stuff and annoy people . And not in a fun Jackass way . Then there 's Dracko ( Rivas ) . He kinda leads the bunch but has other illegal activities on the side . Then there 's Freya 's dad ( Lockyer ) , who plays a dubious role as well . And , in the end , we got Jason ( debutant Fyall ) , the boyfriend of Freya.<br /><br />One day , Freya gets disappeared and everybody seems involved but we , the viewer really do n't care as nobody of the cast is either likable or believable , and the story does n't make any sense.<br /><br />Why was this even made ? 2/10 .
0 This is one of the worst movies I 've seen in a long time . Not just the story , but the acting is shockingly bad . The dialog sounds like someone reading the news.<br /><br />This is rated as comedy / drama / romance , it 's not of those things ! It 's a little action , that 's it . There 's really NO comedy and drama at all.<br /><br />If you went to the cinema to see this I feel sorry for you . I would not recommend it at all . Pretty much anything else that you choose to look at will be better . This is pretty much a action / crime movie . The actions scenes sucked , and crime story part of it was very predictable.<br /><br />If you are not really interested in a good story , or good acting . And you simply want to look at a ' foreign ' film for the appeal of being foreign . Then this might be for you .
0 Given the people involved , it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull . The writer , David Ward , wrote the amazing caper film " The Sting " two years later , Jane Fonda had just won an Academy Award for Klute , and Donald Sutherland had just done excellent work in films like " Klute , " " Start the Revolution Without Me , " and " Kelly 's Heroes . " Plotwise , the movie is a caper tale , with a small gang of bumbling misfits planning a big heist . At the same time the movie wants to be hip satire , a series of comedy sketches of the type that the NBC television show " Saturday Night " would do so well two years later . The bad result is that the plot makes the comedy bits seem awkward and forced and the disconnected comedy bits destroy any kind of suspense that the heist might have . It is quite literally a movie that keeps smashing into itself , just as the cars in the cars in the demolition scenes run into each other.<br /><br />The only real interest for me was watching Jane Fonda . Her " Iris Caine " is supposed to be a light hearted version of her dramatic Bree Daniels prostitute character in " Klute " Yet , one does n't believe her for a moment . It is always Jane Fonda pretending to be a prostitute that we are watching . It is as terrible a performance as her performance in " Klute " was terrific . It would be a good lesson for acting teachers to run the two films together to show how the same actress in the same type of role can be great or pathetic . It suggests that actors are only as good as their writers and directors .
0 This film started out very promising with the story about a director who loses his sight and a blind woman who is bound to help him . However , somewhere in the middle it seemed like the script writers did n't know where to go from there.<br /><br />One unbelievable event followed the next ( Russia must be very small because they are all bumping into each other all the time ) , the motivation of the female lead character comprehensible ( why does she still follow him after they got off the ship ? Why does n't she try to borrow a mobile phone on the ship to call somebody ? ) , the side stories were completely ridiculous ( was the story with the mother and the boyfriend supposed to be funny ? And what was the story with the younger sister about ? ) . Still with all this seeming arbitrariness of the plot , the movie managed to be completely predictable.<br /><br />The saddest thing about it is that there was a lot of potential . As I said , the idea of the film was good , the visuals and the score were very beautiful and the actors of the main characters were good , too . So this could have been a really good film ... but it was n't .
0 Although the actors were good , specially Fritzi Haberland as the blind Lilly , the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary . A famous theatre director ( Hilmir Snær Guðnason ) , becoming blind after a car accident , is on the run for himself and his destiny . Lilly , being sightless since her birth , is teacher for blind persons , and wants to make him " seeing " again . ( Blind persons are seeing with their fingers , nose and ears . ) Here this movie is becoming a roadmovie ; and the longer the road becomes , the closer their relation develops , which was predictable since the beginning of the film . The theatre director is on the road to his mother ( Jenny Gröllmann ) . His mother is living somewhere in Russia on the sea and making artistic installations - of course , what should she do other ! - and she is still living , because she is waiting his son , to die . My God ! This are destinies!<br /><br />Finally the son arrived ! Mum is celebrating a big party ! At the beach . Wind is blowing and a pianist is playing on a real piano in the middle of a dune . Yes , they are celebrating her farewell . The son arrives just in time . Mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse . Now a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son , speaking sad contemplations about live in perfect German , while the son is answering with a rough accent . Because the son is unable to see , he is not falling in love to the nurse , - the film script would have become also too complicate ! - but is looking for Lilly on the way back to home.<br /><br />Parallel to this roadmovie the sister of Lilly , staying at home is asking a gawky schoolmate to deflower her , who has first to booze himself to courage . The occasion is favourable . Because Mum ( Tina Engel ) is on journey together with the lover of Lilly , Paul ( Harald Schrott ) . They are after Lilly , to bring her back . Paul and the mother of Lilly are not falling in love , because the film script would have become too complicate . The film script missed to make out of Paul something exceptional too . I would suggest an architect or a Pianist , or course a famous one ! When they finally find Lilly , they want to convince her , to come back to Paul , because he has two eyes to see and is able to care for her . But Lilly felt in love to his pupil , the theatre director ; did I mention , that he was even a famous theatre director?<br /><br />This is German film art ! As you may see in this pretentious production , that the German film subsidy fund is not always producing good films , because they subsidy just such kind of pseudo intellectual films . This film is really embarrassing . I have the impression , that the film script has been cobbled together from some highbrows in coffee shops and restaurants . Everybody is entitled to contribute with an idea . Probably also Til Schweiger has contributed with some intellectual flash of wit , being a co - producer . I was reminded by this film script to an other German film of absolute painfulness : " Barfuss " - already the spelling of the title is not right ! " Barfuss " DVD cover writes proudly : " A Til Schweiger Film " . This film got also subsidies of Filmstiftung NRW , Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA.<br /><br />Please do n't spoil your time with this film ! There are really good films in Germany . Watch out for film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller , Joseph Vilsmaier , Hans Steinbichler , Hans - Christian Schmid , Faith Akin ...
0 In this short an urban man and his wife have their weird lives set akimbo when the man takes to wearing an old red pants suit of his mother in law's.<br /><br />I kept watching this hoping that I could see why it had been made , or why the other reviewers found it funny . For me it was a total waste of time.<br /><br />Not everyone 's tastes are the same but this was clearly not to mine .
0 I have seen many a horror flick in my time , all of them absurdly bad , but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to . This movie made me angrier and angrier as I watched it as I tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about . Now , after I 've seen it , I understand - sort of - what was going on and why , but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you 're watching it . Yes , there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence , one - liners that show the mind - blowing insightfulness of its characters ( " The highway belongs to me ... ME ! " ) , and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the " plot " , but still you 'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of , like a puppy who is n't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road . Blech .
0 I saw this movie a few months ago in the town which appeared as Greendale in the movie , which is the only reason I went to see it . Another local who was there just forwarded to me an email announcement of a repeat showing because the first had sold out and people were turned away . His editorial comment in his forward is a good summary:<br /><br />"Yuk." < br /><br />Unless you 're a Neil Young fan or live in / near " Greendale " ( if the latter you know the real name ) , skip this movie . It 's mostly an ego trip for the filmmaker . It has no discernible plot , the music is merely OK , and too much of the lyrics are unintelligible making it impossible to follow what little shreds of plot there may be.<br /><br />I do n't need to put in a spoiler warning because there are no surprises to give away.<br /><br />I'd give this a 1.5/10 , but that 's just for the amusement value of seeing the locales made into a movie . It was n't worth the $ 6 . I could rent a video camera and drive around " Greendale " and make a better movie myself.<br /><br />If you want to see a * good * environmental - message movie with no plot , go rent Koyaanisqatsi .
0 I had the distinct misfortune of catching up on two of 2004 's worst films back to back this morning : first , the incoherent CGI - driven emptiness of The Chronicles of Riddick , and then , the embarrassing vanity project known as Greendale . One cost multimillions and the other cost pennies , but they 're both bad . Really , really bad . < br /><br />Up front I should state I 'm not the world 's biggest Neil Young fan , but he has contributed his share of classic tunes : from Buffalo Springfield ( whose best recordings were Young compositions ) to Rust Never Sleeps , Harvest , and Mirror Ball , the man has penned some really great songs . Sadly , there are no great songs in Greendale , and precious few good ones , and the film around which they are built is truly cringeworthy and simplistic political sloganeering . Completely without merit as art and unimpressive as polemic , Greendale is best left forgotten . Buy the book if you feel compelled to contribute to Young 's bank account .
0 I 'm a big mark for the music of Neil Young , and with that and the glowing praise the film received in many alt - indie press circles , hit the first showing of Greendale I could find . My excitement was short - lived , as this turgid storyline and weak lyrical momentum left most filmgoers either asleep or disappointed.<br /><br />Neil says the film started as a soundtrack , and the characters came to life so much that they just filmed the soundtrack . Not the best way to craft a story . No character really has an arc , and when " significant " events do happen , the viewer does n't cared , because film technique annoyance levels are so high by that point . The film is all song , and to that end , the characters on end mouth the lyrics as they 're sung ... the technique works for the first stanza it is done , and is grating on the nerves after that . It does n't feel real or fake , it just feels unwelcome.<br /><br />Terrible acting , with characters finding one mood and playing all of it . Poor lighting at times . The only kudos I can give the film are in regard to several scenes shot as newscast , but the technique is so used in cinema today that this film did little to further it . An alright soundtrack , but nothing I 'm quick to buy . A bad film .
0 A film written and directed by Neil Young , " Greendale " is little more than an 87-minute music video set to a doxen or so of the songwriter 's works . In lieu of dialogue , the film relies exclusively on Young 's lyrics , which are heavily laced with sociopolitical commentary , to tell the " story " while actors act out the scenes.<br /><br />Given the hammy performances and the shoddy graininess of the picture , the effect is the equivalent of Young blowing up some of his own home movies and releasing them for public consumption . Although there is allegedly a " story " running through the film , we really have no idea what is going on thanks mainly to the unpolished look of the film , the lack of dialogue and the amateurish ineptitude of the acting . All we get for eighty - seven minutes is a bunch of aging hippies cavorting silently through an incoherent narrative while Young 's songs play endlessly on the soundtrack . The whole thing turns into a tedious exercise in self - indulgence . " Greendale " gives off - Hollywood , low budget movie - making a bad name .
0 My commentary has nothing to do with the political sentiments found in the film . In fact , they 're quite congruent with mine . What gets me is the fact that in terms of a movie , it is stupid and devoid of any semblance of story , motive or dialogue . Maybe someone should tell Neal that substituting lyrics of songs which are failing to inspire anyone outside of a dwindling audience is n't the same thing as creating characters who are motivated to speak because of events created by the writer or director . A silly narrative remains as such despite the iconic legacy of Neal Young . The most childish scene is the one where the devil dances his way into a bar , slips a tonic to an unsuspecting hero , who then finds his way onto the dance floor to mouth the words to Young song to the heroine , who is unaware of what 's taken place . Somehow these two dream up a scheme where they will go up the West Coast in search of ? ? ? ? ? Sorry Neal , stick with music and leave film making to Steven Stills .
0 I give this movie a 3 as it is worse than the cult movies that deserve a proper 2 . It does not make sense to you ? Well , it does n't have to . This is another vampire movie with a stupid plot , no , let me rephrase , incredibly idiotic plot , where space cowboys ( complete with cowboy hats ) battle a space race of moron vampires.<br /><br />Does it get any uglier than this ? The only good thing in this movie was Natassia Malthe , with her stunning Norwegian beauty . God , I wish Michael Ironside and the DeLuise brothers would stop accepting dumb roles in dumb movies ! I mean , at least SeaQuest was nice ! I know Mr. Ironside from a lot of movies , he has acted in 164 movies at this date ! ! It 's true that he was rarely in a major role , but still !
0 Bloodsuckers has the potential to be a somewhat decent movie , the concept of military types tracking down and battling vampires in space is one with some potential in the cheesier realm of things . Even the idea of the universe being full of various different breeds of vampire , all with different attributes , many of which the characters have yet to find out about , is kind of cool as well . As to how most of the life in the galaxy outside of earth is vampire , I 'm not sure how the makers meant for that to work , given the nature of vampires . Who the hell they are meant to be feeding on if almost everyone is a vampire I do n't know . As it is the movie comes across a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity and vampires movies with a dash of Aliens.<br /><br />The action parts of the movie are pretty average and derivative ( Particularly of Serenity ) but passable- they are reasonably well executed and there is enough gore for a vampire flick , including some of the comical blood - spurting variety . There is a lot of character stuff , most of which is tedious , coming from conflicts between characters who mostly seem like whiny , immature arseholes- primarily cowboy dude and Asian woman . There are a few character scenes that actually kind of work and the actors do n't play it too badly but it mostly slows things down . A nice try at fleshing the characters out but people do n't watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama . The acting is actually okay . Michael Ironside hams it up and is as fun to watch as ever and at least of a couple of the women are hot . The space SFX are n't too bad for what is clearly a low budget work . The story is again pretty average and derivative but as I said the world created has a little bit of potential . The way things are set up Bloodsuckers really does seem like the pilot for a TV series- character dynamics introduced , the world introduced but not explored , etc . < br /><br />The film does have a some highlights and head scratching moments- the kind of stuff that actually makes these dodgy productions watchable . -The scene where our heroes interrogate a talking sock puppet chestburster type creature . Hilarious . - The " sex scene . " WTF indeed . -The credit " And Michael Ironside as Muco . " The most annoying aspect of it all though is the really awful and usually inappropriate pop music they have playing very loud over half the scenes of the movie . It is painful to listen to and only detracts from what is only average at best.<br /><br />Basically an okay watch is you 're up for something cheesy , even if it is just for the " chestburster " scene .
0 If it were not for the " Oh So Gourgous , " Natassia Malthe , this B- movie would not have been worth one sector of my Tivo disk space ! In what low rent , back lot warehouse was the supposed space port filmed in ? " Continuity People ! " It 's a basic principle in real movie making ! By night an alleged space port and by day ( night and day on a space station ? ) a warehouse ! ? ? ! ? People Please ! The only thing I will commend this movie for , is the wardrobe dept . for continuously , keeping Natassia in those tight shape revealing outfits ! Even the women who saw this bomb had to appreciate the outfits that she obviously spent some time getting into , each day of filming ! The Sci - fi channel would have been better off showing SpaceBalls ! At least there would have been some real humor in watching something so unbelievable.<br /><br />P.S. Michael Ironside , please Fire Your Agent ASAP ! You are so much better of an actor , to be even associated with this level of movie making .
0 This movie is not as horrible as most Sci - Fi Channel movies . I am used to seeing the gray CGI blobs and the amateurish special effects such as close - ups of fake blood that make it very obvious that the blood is strawberry syrup or some other syrup variation . However , I had thought that I had seen all the possible lows that the Sci - Fi Channel could hit . Then I saw this movie.<br /><br />Imagine a hand inside a rubberized sock that is glazed with syrup ? Those are the main Alien Vampires in this movie . You can clearly see the fingers inside the rubbery sock puppets . A talking hand comes out of the guts of victims , and the Vampire who is on the Vampire Hunter 's team can talk to these Rubber Sock puppets in Transylvanian . How did Alien Vampires learn Transylvanian ? And is n't Transylvania in Romania ? So should n't they be talking Romanian ? Why would some little town have their own language ? If you can suspend your gag reflex and get past the talking rubber socks with the fingers clearly moving inside the Aliens ' heads ; then you have to deal with the other alien vampires . There are the " Leatherfaces " who like to wear the faces of their victims . Then there are the just plain ugly ones that all seem to have a lot of facial scars . Then there are the annoying Valley Girls and their boyfriends who are human traitors and sneak into space colonies so that they can sabotage the Defense Systems so that these Space Vampires can attack.<br /><br />Finally , if you think all of the above is funny and worth a laugh , you have to deal with the third rate cast of Network TV rejects that make up this team of stereotypical angry heroes which are constantly fighting among themselves . Why does almost every Sci - Fi Channel movie have to use lead characters that are annoying , abrasive , crude , or just totally unsympathetic ? I found myself hoping the talking rubber socks would win .
0 I saw this a couple of nights back , not expecting too much and unsurprisingly it did n't deliver anything too exciting . The plot set up of a crew of vampire hunters ( V - San , for vampire sanitation ) , going around in their spaceship periodically killing space vamps and rescuing people , is quite sound and had the film been handled better it might well have been something quite ace . Unfortunately after a fairly decent opening the sense of actual quality starts to drain away from the film , leaving something behind that , though vacantly watchable , is quite laughably bad . I do n't expect anything too special from these films that pop up on the Sci Fi Channel and at least this was n't one of their creature features with an atrocious cgi beast shambling about , but it was still pretty bad , mostly due to the writing and acting , but with a sterling contribution to the overall badness made by the horrible music . When the film opted just for a typical science fiction sounding weird noises approach to the soundtrack it did OK , but all too often hilariously bad soft rock intruded and pitched scenes into silliness . I would have tolerated the general cheesy acting and writing more were it not for the choice of music , which was a serious miscalculation , turning things from cheesy to lamely comical . Of the acting , Dominic Zamprogna was OK but bland as the nominal hero , whilst Leanne Adachi was pretty irritating as the tough girl of the vamp busting team and Aaron Pearl played another member who was n't well written or interesting enough to make an impression . Though she did n't seem that good at the acting lark Natassia Malte did well through having a less irritating character than the others , and the fact that she is seriously nice to look at . The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and he is underused though he does nicely , pretty amusing in a manner one suspects was intentional . He seems to have fun and earn his paycheck and his role is entertaining . The effects are OK on the whole , they are at least of the standards of the average science fiction TV show , and there are also a few scenes of blood splatter and a bit of fun gore as well . Things move along nicely , and I almost feel harsh rating this film badly , but then I remember bursting into laughter at regular intervals and realising that unless the film is an intentional comedy , which I do n't think it is , then it simply does n't succeed . Too much is lame , daft , unconvincing , its an OK effort I guess but it did n't appeal to me . Only give it a go if you really dig Sci Fi trash or unintended chuckles I 'd say .
0 I picked this movie up to replace the dismal choice of daytime television and to go with my thirst for femme fatales . Well , for the previous , it is better than daytime television .... though I 'm not sure how much.<br /><br />It does have its points but after about the first 20 - 30 minutes , the good points pan out and one comes to the conclusion that they are watching a made for TV movie that was put together with not much time to make something that will hold together . In short , a terrible Sci Fi channel type movie.<br /><br />It has its points such as the future is dirty , like " Blade Runner " showed ..... of course , this is no " Blade Runner " . The Captain looks , sort of feels like actor Robert Forster , the kind of person one might want to be around.<br /><br />But unfortunately , it rather ends up feeling like a bad " Andromeda " rehash where the muscle of the crew consists of poor copies of the smart gunners of " Aliens " , the mystic is vampire Willow sexually intensified , and the new Captain might as well be like Jan - Michael Vincent running around on " Danger Island " in the " Banana Splits " ; he only put on the uniform with the epaulets ; he 's got very little right to it . All of them running around with their version of force lances inside a ship that looks very much like the ' Eureka Maru ' as they are fighting a class of ' people ' who occupy the universe and are broken up into several different tribes or sects of different evolutionary qualities ....... just like the Nietzcheans in " Andromeda".<br /><br />It might have a redeeming feature with Michael Ironside , but after a while , one gets the feeling that he took the part as a hoot ! He probably had fun doing it , but it does n't help the movie much.<br /><br />It 's ..... " okay " . Okay in the way that one might watch the DVD once without turning it off ; if they watch it with commercials , they will probably change the channel . One might watch it once .......... but a few hours later , be wondering what it was that made them watch it all.<br /><br />For me , that was the femme fatale ............. when she was fighting .
0 # 1 Vampires vs. Humans < br /><br />#2 Military - reject roughneck squad as first responders to dangerous , unknown Vampire incursions.<br /><br />#3 Sexy female Vampire on the side of the " good guys".<br /><br />#4 Plenty of gore and action.<br /><br />There are four ( 4 ) major plot devices that may help you decide if you want to watch this movie . If you want all four , then the next plot device may not deter you ... <br /><br />#5 In outer space.<br /><br />That last one almost got me too , but I 'm glad I watched . In a pile of terrible direct - to - video horror that is the Sci - Fi channel Halloween marathon ... this movie is a breath of fresh air . It will stand - up against any of the other Sci - Fi channel offerings , and even against the other Vampire movie Natassia starred in ( who keeps giving Uwe Boll money ? ) .
0 Man has been to the farthest reaches of the earth and now he is traveling to new worlds . But with new worlds come ancient evils ... the vampires of space . And not just a handful but entire tribes . In this film ( which I saw as " Bloodsuckers " but I guess also goes as " Vampires Wars " ) we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings meet the imperialist vampires.<br /><br />I will make this review very short because it 's undeserving of a good review . The best I can say for this film is it has a good cast of b - list and upcoming stars . Natassia Malthe was Quintana , and was far more attractive here than in " Bloodrayne 2 " . Michael Ironside is Muco , and is always a fan favorite ( as I say , he 's the poor man 's Jack Nicholson ) . And we even get Carrie - Ann Fleming as " Damian 's wife " , who horror fans will now recognize as the eponymous Jenifer from Dario Argento 's " Jenifer " . So this movie , as bad as it is , is n't without some names attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll 's work.<br /><br />The concept of the military tracking and killing vampires in space is n't necessarily a bad idea , but it easily falls into the realm of " cheese " and this film falls hard . The acting , especially from the vampires , is over the top and I just did n't find the explanations of their existence very convincing . Worst of all , the vampire tribes have the names " Voorhess " and " Leatherfaces " . I understand this was supposed to be a clever reference for the horror fans , but it was n't clever at all . It just sounded dumb and out of place ( unlike the much more subtle references in James Gunn 's " Slither " , such as naming stores after lesser - known horror directors).<br /><br />That 's all I want to say . If you can stand lots of cheese ( on this day I could n't and I 'm from Wisconsin ) and want to see average actors with poor costumes fight vampires in space ( although " space " looks a lot like any other forest on earth ) check this one out , if you can find it . I do n't personally recommend this when you can watch other cheesy vampires films ( Jon Carpenter 's " Vampires " ) or other cheesy space movies . Or maybe even some good ones . But , hey , do your thing .
0 Second movie in the boxset . Originally titled Bloodsuckers , This movie was pretty average . It is kinda boring in some parts but there is some good gore effects , but they 're not great though . < br /><br />The movie takes place in the year 2210 . Vampires have pretty much taken over the whole world . The V - SAN ( Vampire Sanitation ) Squad , which also has their own spaceship and is lead by Churchill , who is captured by the vampires , receives a message from an Earth and the team , formed by Quintana ( Played by the very hot Natassia Malthe ) , the rookie officer Damian and the rebels Rosa and Roman ( Roman being played by Aaron Pearl from Wrongfully Accused . ) V - SAN later meets up with the leader of the vampires Muco , played by Michael Ironside from Total Recall . He has no plans of living peacefully with humans , as he is bent on world domination . < br /><br />While this movie was not a waste of time , I doubt I 'll be putting back in the DVD player anytime soon .
0 Perhaps I missed the meeting when the meaning of " B - movie " was explained , but what I just saw was ridiculous . You want a good synopsis of this movie ? Take Aliens , replace the xenomorphs with vampires , then remove everything that was good about it , and that 's pretty much it.<br /><br />5 minutes into the movie , the " V - SAN squad " ( that 's the dumbest acronym I 've ever heard ) checks out a " base " that s been massacred by vampires and then they climb down ( DOWN ? What ? ) a ladder obviously attached to a billboard with an obvious present day train in the background . When is this supposed to take place ? 2210 . Okay ... (hold on , I 'll get back to that)<br /><br />Yeah . the characters . Wow , well there 's the token lesbian Asian chick , the redneck cowboy wannabe , the weathered captain , the goth vampire / Hot Topic part - time cashier , and the wussy noob second in command . All of them are played by their respective actors with the same lack of ambition . It almost pained me to see Micheal Ironside in this flick . Is n't he getting enough money being the voice of Sam Fisher in Splinter Cell ? Pretty much the only thing original about Vampire Wars is about how bad it is.<br /><br />Watching this afterbirth of a film , the only amusement I got was from the feeble attempts at set - making . Since when does taping PCI computer cards on a wall count as a ready room on a starship ? The money required to do this film could have been put to much more better use .
0 I think Micheal Ironsides acting career must be over , if he has to star in this sort of low budge crap . Surely he could do better than waste his time in this rubbish.<br /><br />This movie could be far better , if it had a good budget , but it shows repeatedly through - out the movie . There is one scene at a outpost , which looks like , its outside the front of a railway station , and i bet it was.<br /><br />There is one scene which made give this movie a 3 , and it shows the space craft landing and taking off over a lake , surrounded by forests . This was well done , but the rest of the movie , forget it.<br /><br />There is another scene , which looks like a engineering plant , which i bet it , and does not look like a space outpost as the character say it is.<br /><br />This movie is stupid , has a serious low budget , makes no sense and God Help Micheal Ironsides .
0 Whoo - boy , that was definitely one of the worst flicks I 've seen all summer . Granted , it was on Sci Fi , and I do n't watch much Sci Fi , but man , talk about a razor thin plot and two dimensional characters to the max.<br /><br />The characters were stereotypical and overdone , the plot and setting were unbelievable , the vampires were less intimidating , more funny - looking , the gore was unnecessary , the special effects were down - right horrible , and the ending ? Well , the only thing unpredictable about the ending was when suddenly the tomboy becomes a lesbian and starts to do it with the female vampire , which , by the way , is n't really all that hot considering it occurs for about three seconds , in which you 're closer to " What the hell ? " then " Man , that 's hot . " If this ever appears in reruns , God forbid , DON'T WATCH IT .
0 Man I must say when I saw the trailer I was excited . Futuristic soldiers , taking on bad ass Vampires led by genre vet Michael Ironside .... In Space . I mean I was n't expecting high art , but It looked like a potential B movie classic . This was no doubt a TV pilot , reedited some time later into a feature film , after it was n't picked up . Alright I 'll start with the films few good points , the action was competent for a lower budgeted film , and the CGI and locations used were passable . Now onto the bad , first off Michael Ironside was barley in this , and his performance here .... well it was cheesy not in a good way . But as I said he was n't in it much anyways , so I ca n't blame him . One thing that was really stupid , was the PETA type group for Vampires ' , no I 'm not joking , it 's the dumbest most unbelievable thing I 've seen in along time , and it 's taken seriously . Also this film commits one of the major B movie sins , it teases a lesbian scene , and does n't deliver . Most of all what sinks this film is nothing really happens . Since it was meant to be a pilot the script is almost nonexistent and it does n't have a regular ending . Even the main villains , only come in towards the end . If ever a movie needed to up the Sleaze and gore factor , it 's Vampire Wars . In closing I will say the main crew on the spaceship , were all very capable actors and could very well put this mess behind them , and go on to bigger and better things . They just had nothing to work with here .
0 Although it really is n't such a terribly movie ( especially considering it was made directly for TV - distribution ) , it 'll be very difficult to point out one aspect in " Bloodsuckers " that is actually original or refreshing . Vampires in space is n't exactly a new formula , and even after so many movies dealing with these monsters in this particular setting , still no one seems to realize it 's an incredibly stupid premise that ca n't possibly result in a halfway decent horror movie . " Bloodsuckers " even goes one step further and shamelessly imitates every imaginable motion picture that either revolves on vampires and intergalactic warfare . The plot and characters are mainly stolen directly from John Carpenter 's " Ghosts of Mars " and James Cameron 's " Aliens " , as a crew of futuristic vampire hunters are crusading through space and regularly holding to eliminate a mutated species that peculiarly named themselves after notorious horror icons , like the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces . The good guys are a bunch of pathetic stereotypes , constantly dealing with clichéd issues and endlessly arguing about dreadfully unimportant matters . Captain Damian is the unpopular rookie , who 'll really have to prove his leadership capabilities now after being more or less responsible for the death of the previous ( and far more loved ) Captain Churchill . The other annoying characters include a typical cowboy - style and trigger happy macho pilot , a tough female warrior with more balls than any of the males on board ( she 's of Asian descent , like the girl in " Aliens " was Latino ) and the army 's most valuable secret weapon : a Blade - girl ! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who chose the side of humans . She can spot enemies when they 're still light - years away and she can also do wickedly sexy things with someone 's wet dreams . They eventually all learn to work as a team when forced to face the ultimate vampire - meanie : Michael Ironside ( in yet another downgrading role ) . " Bloodsuckers " is an irredeemably stupid film , but it manages to entertain as long as it features gory killings , infantile dialogs and OTT make - up effects . It only gets intolerably boring when the frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the umpteenth time and bla bla bla . This film is a non - stop series of lame clichés and uncreative ideas , but at least it 's watchable .
0 I 'd passed this title 15 or 20 times while in Blockbuster , looking for something halfway decent to watch . All I can say is that they were all out halfway decent films the night I chose to rent this.<br /><br />I will give it credit for being leaps and bounds better than " Dracula 3000 " , but in actuality that 's pretty easy to say since this one DIDN'T have Caper Van Dien in it . The other things it lacked in spades were : an interesting cast , interesting story , good dialog and originality , but I suppose you ca n't have everything.<br /><br />***SPOILERS AHEAD * * * The misfit crew of vampire hunters ( one of which was a vampire ... go figure ) flew around from mining colony to mining colony trying to wipe out all the vampires it could find . The crew consists of : the cocky , ne'er - do - well captain ( who dies early on ) , his by - the - book , yet inexperienced first mate , the aforementioned vampire vampire hunter ( not a typo ) , a wannabe cowboy and a REALLY , REALLY butch Asian commando , " tough guy " female ... it almost sounds like the cast for MTV 's ' The Real World ' . After the captain dies in a violent confrontation with a mob of bloodsuckers ( and as it turns out , lovers of the finer parts of human anatomy ) his first mate takes over ... blah , blah , blah ... everyone hates him ... blah , blah , blah ... I could go on , but as I said it 's the same storyline used in about a hundred other ' films ' of the genre.<br /><br />The effects were cheese and why Michael Ironside was in this movie is beyond me . The vampire vampire hunter ( still not a typo ) was pretty hot , but of course if you 're waiting for her to expose more than just her cleavage , look elsewhere.<br /><br />I ca n't say that it was the worst film I 've seen , as I actually rented ' Starship Troopers 2 ' , but wait for this one to come on the Sci - Fi Channel .
0 This is just flat out unwatchable . If there 's a story in here somewhere , it 's so deeply buried beneath the horrid characters and jarring camera work that 's it 's indiscernible . There 's a group of vampire hunters who go around doing their thing , and the vampires they kill have little aliens inside of them . They pop their heads out and talk like Speedy Gonzales . If you can imagine a blood and gore covered alien sock puppet screaming in horror as a cowboy dude zaps it with a cattle prod , well , that 's what you get here . These folks are loud , obnoxious , violent , and just extremely annoying . Then there are some anti - human humans , who stand around in their CGI spaceship being so incredibly pompous that it 's impossible to take . These folks make Hillary Clinton seem like a right - wing extremist in comparison . They 're friends with some vampires , or something ... who cares.<br /><br />Then there 's the camera work . Remember how everybody hated the thousand - cuts - a - minute crap from the recent Rolleball remake ? The folks who made this movie LOVE that stuff . There 's enough of it in here for three really crappy nu - metal videos on MTV.<br /><br />Nuff said . This thing smells . In comparison , Dracula 3000 is a masterwork .
0 I gave it a 2 just because Natassia Malthe ( as the vampiress Quintana ) looks sooooo sexy in this movie.<br /><br />Certainly there is very little logic to this movie , but so are most of the sci - fi vampire flicks . The movie probably tried too much to break away from the traditional vampire stories . Unfortunately , it went too far and made the whole story not just unreasonable , but ridiculous.<br /><br />There is too much gore and too many rip - off - the - body scenes that made me feel sick . A good vampire movie should be more sensible that you do n't need to see a lot of blood -- we all know when a vampire jumps on a human he / she is going to do what a vampire will do . A few moans or screams are all it needs to describe the scene ( like the one at end when Quintana tries to sexually arouse Rosa , all it needs is a few moans , the rest is your imagination ) . Anyway , it 's just my personal taste .
0 Well , this movie started out funny but quickly deteriorated . I thought it would be more ' adult oriented ' humor based on the first few moments but then the movie switched into a bad made - for - Disney Channel type mode , especially a go - kart racing scene that was incredibly long . Alana De La Garza is gorgeous but has a really fake Italian accent . The movie looked and sounded very independent and low budget . There was one very cute moment which I 'll just call the serenading scene but overall this one was a yawner . The laughs are very few and far between . The end surprise for " Mr. Fix It " is so ridiculous it left me more mad than anything else . Might be worth a look if you can catch it for free or TV but do n't waste your money buying or renting this movie .
0 I was eager to see " Mr. Fix It " because I 'm a huge David Boreanaz fan . What I got , though , was a 1 - 1/2 hour nap . The premise seemed enjoyable : Boreanaz is Lance Valenteen , proprietor of a business called " Mr. Fix It " , where dumped men enlist his help to get their girlfriends to take them back.<br /><br />Among the problems with this movie are the editing , script , and acting . Although I 've found Boreanaz delightful in his other film roles ( with the exception of that " Crow " movie he did ) , this was disappointing . At times , his character was interesting and others , flat . The supporting cast reminded me of soap opera day players . I realize it was n't a big - budget film , but some of the scene cuts and music just did n't seem right.<br /><br />My advice : watch at your own risk .
0 Complete waste of time .... This movie is not comedy , it 's not drama , it 's not romance ... not even teenage comedy at least ! ! ! Story ... it should be some turn - over one end ... but it 's so disappointing ! When movie has a turn - over on end I expect that turn - over to make movie even better ( exp . " Fight Club " ) but this turn - over makes movie even worse .... When I watch teenage comedy , and I do n't do that very often , I expect lousy jokes and bunch of nudeness ... Jokes are too lousy and there is no nudity ... You got only one .... very good looking I must admit ... girl , and that 's that ! And she 's fully dressed whole movie ! Acting is bad ... like soap series ... Do n't waste your time ! There are porns with better story and acting!<br /><br />(sorry on my bad English )
0 I 'm a big fan of camp , but when every plot ' twist ' is predictable and bad , while obviously not trying to be , even I lose interest . I was going to rate this a 3 , but the ending dropped it a point easily . Its only saving grace is that I hated other movies more . Not enough beer in the world for this one .
0 < br /><br />What is left of Planet Earth is populated by a few poor and starving rag - tag survivors . They must eat bugs and insects , or whatever , after a poison war , or something , has nearly wiped out all human civilization . In these dark times , one of the few people on Earth still able to live in comfort , we will call him the All Knowing Big Boss , has a great quest to prevent some secret spore seeds from being released into the air . It seems that the All Knowing Big Boss is the last person on Earth that knows that these spores even exist . The spores are located far away from any living soul , and they are highly protected by many layers of deadly defense systems . < br /><br />The All Knowing Big Boss wants the secret spores to remain in their secret protected containers . So , he makes a plan to send in a macho action team to remove the spore containers from all of the protective systems and secret location . Sending people to the location of secret spores makes them no longer a secret . Sending people to disable all of the protective systems makes it possible for the spores to be easily released into the air . How about letting sleeping dogs lie ? ! < br /><br />The one pleasant feature of ENCRYPT is the radiant and elegant Vivian Wu . As the unremarkable macho action team members drop off with mechanically paced predictable timing , engaging Vivian Wu 's charm makes acceptable the plot idea of her old employer wanting her so much . She is an object of love , an object of desire -- a very believable concept!<br /><br />Fans of Vivian Wu may want to check out an outstanding B - movie she is in from a couple years back called DINNER RUSH . DINNER RUSH is highly recommended . ENCRYPT is not .
0 I see where a few people involved in this debacle wrote reviews to share their side of the story , and I thought what they wrote was helpful in understanding it . The fact that they basically came up with excuses -- rewrites , budget constraints , production formats etc -- simply underlines how bad this movie is . And my criticisms in panning it are not personally directed but simply a warning that this one does n't make the cut.<br /><br />It 's watchable , but barely so . There are plot holes in every corner , the dialogue borders on the ridiculous , and the ending is telegraphed a mile away . The modestly interesting feature of a hologram interacting with a recon team get drowned in silly dialogue like who makes a meal in the midst of what is supposed to be a tense and deadly encounter with an unknown enemy . Would ya wrassle us up some Hamburger Helper Sally , between us getting killed by these automated carpet sweepers ? Apparently this elite team equipped with the latest gizmos and red plastic tubed wonder armor has no access to MREs . Once they get into the last rooms they treat the place more like a four star motel than a deadly encounter zone.<br /><br />The rationale for the encounter with the fearsome Rook is that it ca n't be killed single handedly . Yet only one scene ago , the hero making that case abandoned King to do exactly that . Huh ? Vivian Woo was attractive and hands down the best acted character in the movie . But that 's not saying much .
0 If you really enjoyed the 2002 Resident Evil movie , then you should just see it instead of waisting 2 hours you 'll never get back . I can not believe that no one has commented that this movie is just a cheap knock off of RE . First , a " special " commando force is the unique defense for a facility with a computer matrix that has an AI and holographic projection . And this " Hive " rip - off has a series of traps that inevitably kill off one member of the squad at a time . There 's even a chess reference in the code names , which was in the dialog of RE . Despite the fact that there are no zombies , the " Rook " , the movie 's nemesis , is some sort of bio - creature , very pail in color suggesting necrotic tissue , with a lot of cyborg components just like a super mutant of RE . So , a wag - of - the - finger to Mr. Richard Taylor for claiming any credit for this story.<br /><br />They are not the same movie obviously , but the writer got the idea watching Resident Evil I think .
0 A stuttering plot , uninteresting characters and sub - par ( to say the least ) dialogue plagues this TV production that could hardly have been interesting even with a billion dollar production budget.<br /><br />The characters are n't believable , in their motives , actions or their professed occupations . The plot reads like a bad Dungeons and Dragons(TM ) hack but with plasma rifles and force fields . There are severe continuity issues and the degree of pointless interaction between the characters has this author , at least , wincing . < br /><br />Avoid it like the plague . Watch any episode of Dark Angel and you will have better acting , dialogue and plot . Yuck .
0 This was quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen . I watched it with a large group of friends and after it was over not a one of us understood the plot . Aside from the lack of plot , the acting was atrocious , the " special effects " were not so special , and the writing was absolutely horrible . The movie 's only redeeming factor is that it 's so incredibly bad that it 's quite funny . You ca n't help but laugh at a zombie being run over while actors are spewing crappy dialogue . I would n't recommend this film to anyone looking for a good movie , but it 's something that a group of friends can get together and have a good laugh about . It 's now a running joke among my friends and I. 1 out of 10 .
0 In this strangely - lackadaisical apocalypse , the world suffers from a dual plague of zombies and vampires , but no one seems to be too worried about it in this Grade - Z film which bares less resemblance to Sheridan Le Fanu 's famous short novel than my mother 's lasagna recipe . Bored attendants still run gas stations and doctors still make house calls and helpful police officers still show up with radiator fluid just when you need it . The plot , and I use that term loosely , involves a father and a daughter trying to rendevous with " the general , " whose daughter is missing , at a church to kill a vampire who , very conveniently , happens to be traveling with the father and daughter . I must confess that a moment or two of genuine humor can be found between vast stretches of unintentional humor . The film also boasts just enough nudity to keep a boy of fourteen interested . Anyone older beware .
0 This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen ! ! ! ! < br /><br />I can honestly say I have never seen a movie worse than this one!!!<br /><br />AND I MEAN NEVER!!!!<br /><br />I'm a BIG fan of " B " horror movies . As you may imagine .... I 've been exposed to some of worst that the movie industry has to offer.<br /><br />I was lured to this movie by it 's title . I mean c'mon ... what true fan of horror would n't be intrigued by a title like " Vampires vs. Zombies " ? ? ? Images of the " undead " battling each other to the " undeath " danced in my head . I thought to myself ... " this I 've got to see"!!!!<br /><br />Well .... sorry to say .... " this I wish I had n't seen"!!!!!<br /><br />This movies title is very misleading to say the least . There was no vampires fighting zombies . In fact , there is no plot ! ! ! ! If you were to ask me what this movie is all about I could honestly tell you I have no idea!!!<br /><br />There was no plot ! ! ! ! < br /><br />There was no story ! ! ! ! < br /><br />This movie absolutely makes no sense at all!!!!<br /><br />At the end of this debacle ... I found myself feeling sorry for the poor souls who had invested their money into this project for they surely have no business sense ! ! !
0 The above seemed a much more appropriate title when me and my suicidal underlings decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bullshit < br /><br />Erotic , Scary , Suspenseful , Well thought out , these are all the things this film fails to be.<br /><br />It is however incredibly funny , the slow sound effects and bad dubbing add to this to make one of the greatest comedies I have seen in recent years . And yet this film does n't even try to be funny and that is one of the movies grand achievements , it becomes a comedy without even attempting to amuse.<br /><br />Throughout the film an old guy who looks amazingly like Santa Claus goes around ploughing over zombies and smashing vampires into the ground . This made me fail to believe the films title , if this was vampires vs zombies why were the vampires and zombies not fighting ? Oh well whatever , besides there were more flaws to this rental than the title . Such as this one ; there has been a virus sweeping through America creating zombie like beings who go around acting a lot like your average tourist . And yet there 's only four zombies in the entire film . Another problem is besides one shop everywhere is deserted . Surely you 'd see zombies roaming about in the woods or in the background a bit . In fact I believe they just drove around in a circle of forest over and over again since they did n't have a high enough budget to film in a wider location , that or the director did n't want to waste his precious time filming in different areas of wood he was to busy sitting in a trailer jerking off to be bothered with such trivial matters.<br /><br />In fact the director had so much fun doing this that he did n't have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even an editor . And so he told the eight members of the cast to dress up as different people and try not to act inconspicuous , whilst I assume he changed his name and began randomly snipping at the film reels " editing is n't a hard job anyway right ? " The only reason this " movie " found it 's way into our bag was because somehow we got it confused with Freddy vs Jason , strange how these things happen is n't it . And the only way we made it though the night was by strapping gas masks on and bolting them to our skulls to avoid the stink of this nauseating mess.<br /><br />Oh yes we did laugh at the end , but I 'm sure one does that a lot when he has lost his sanity ...................
0 Yes , this movie is bad . What 's worse is that it takes no advantage whatsoever of its own title ! ! In the ENTIRE movie , zombies and vampires fight each other ONCE OR TWICE . On top of that , we 're never really sure if the main character in the movie is DEFINITELY a vampire . One might argue they were trying to " tone it down " or make it " realistic , " but it ends up just boring . More than half of this movie takes place IN A CAR . The scenes that take place anywhere else are n't much to brag about , either . Also , there 's no clear antagonist , and in the end you have no idea what really happened for the last 30 minutes of the movie . < br /><br />However , I will say that for a film this low in production value , the soundtrack was surprisingly appropriate and instrumented ( with either an origonal score or sampled music from elsewhere ) . < br /><br />I'm all for independent films , but it does n't look like this was ever intended for a mass audience ( if any ) . < br /><br />"worse than Scarecrow slayer . "
0 OK , I knew this would be a back alley F - film ( well below B - film standards ) going into it , so I thought , " Man , I could use a good laugh , so let 's see some nether - beings kill each other . " Well , what I got could have been found at your local " love toy " store . Random lesbian scenes , very little fighting , and no plot.<br /><br />For example , one scene in particular I remember ( for its sheer stupidity only ; I 've seen better porn on ABC ) is where the two main characters ( I ca n't remember their names offhand ... great movie , huh ? ) are driving along , as they mostly did , and the driver was tired of driving and stopped:<br /><br />Driver : " Let 's pull over , I 'm tired . You want to take over ? " Passenger : " Sure , I can drive for a while . " ( Once pulled over , the driver starts grabbing the passenger 's boobs ) Passenger : " What are you doing ? I 'm not like that ! " Driver : " It 's OK , everyone does it sometime . " Passenger : " OK then . " ( Proceed to take off shirts , fondle , kiss , and perform fellatio)<br /><br />Now , last time I checked , horror films were not in the porn section of Hollywood Video ( unless you 're into S&M , then you go elsewhere ) , and it definitely should n't be in the mainstream videos at Blockbuster . Do n't get me wrong ; I 'm definitely not one of those people who hate porn , but I only watch it when appropriate and definitely do n't want to watch it if I 'm looking for a movie in the mainstream stores , as this one I rented was at one of the two retailers I named ( and probably at the other too if I went and looked).<br /><br />Worst movie ever , no one should rent it , and it should only be bought for a public burning ceremony . If I could give it a 0 , I would , but I can only give it a * of 10 .
0 Vampires Vs . Zombies was n't the original title . It was actually ... < br /><br />Nasty Lesbian Semi - Vampires and Two Zombies Getting Hit by Cars : Special Guest appearances by Bob the Lesbian Gypsie - Witch and her dog , Random Woman with special powers and the Catholic School Girl Short Skirt Zombie Choir . < br /><br />Also on the Box : Warning : No Plot- only the writer and director will understand the end , or anything else in this movie.<br /><br />Seriously though , I love bad movies . I love Vampires . I love Zombies . Hell , I even enjoy the lesbians . This movie combined all three with a vague and confusing ( or non - existent ) plot , horrendous ( I mean REALLY BAD ) dialogue , and random STUFF and PEOPLE that have nothing to do with anything ( or do they ... I did n't know what in the world was going on ) . Oh , and I ca n't forget the green oatmeal ' Zombies ' in latex gloves ( yes , the film makers were so cheap they could n't even cover their Zombies hands in oatmeal and paint ) . Any way , the result was this excruciatingly BAD film , if you could even call it that . < br /><br />Was the end supposed to not make sense ? The Vampire was really Nurse and the other girl was really a mental patient ? Where were the Vampires Vs . Zombies ? Hell , where were the Vampires at all ... you really could n't call any of the girls vampires . Whatever . < br /><br />Don't ever rent or buy this movie . If you are REALLY curious ... okay , I 'll understand . Seriously , even lovers of BAD movies wo n't be able to stand this one . It should be number 1 on the bottom 100 .
0 I really have no idea how to comment on this movie . The special effects were lackluster , the acting was terrible and if there was a plot to it all , it was on the back of the box . I do n't think I can remember a movie being THIS bad in a long time , and I 'm a big fan of lesbian sex and boobies ! ! ;) Even that could n't save this movie from being just a terrible excuse to pay someone to stand ( or lay in this case ) in front of a camera.<br /><br />I was pretty much let down by the overall " zombie " effect . Since apparently in this movie , zombies are so commonplace that running over a couple here and there , and casually talking about it at a gas station ( one with an in - house windshield repair but no interior bathroom ) , the zombie - movie genre is n't even a factor until the end . Even then , a cameo by a dozen zombies ripping off a girl 's clothes does n't really constitute being a zombie movie.<br /><br />On to the vampires : Apparently all the zombies are male and all the vampires are female , which is OK by me . I 'm not sure how vampires are out in the daylight , or the why / how of a soldier vampire came to be standing in the middle of the road , still holding his gun with a stake through his heart , just waiting for the Queen of the Vampires to flick it all the way through . The last segment in the old nunnery made no sense , and when one hot lesbian vampire asks the other hot lesbian vampire " Do you think we did the right thing ? " by killing the two apparent heroes in the movie , that about put it over the top.<br /><br />The acting and special effects were at an all - time low also . You could almost see the hoses that the fake blood was pumped out of during the closeup of the zombie who got ran over by the General . Speaking of the General , where did they find THIS Kenny Rogers look - alike anyways ? No idea what he was the General of , aside of generally confusing and misplaced.<br /><br />All in all , watch the movie if you have nothing better to do or if you have the strong urge to waste $ 3 . Just my $ 0.02 .
0 First off I must stress how rare it is that I take the time to comment on a movie that I have seen , it takes a very special case for me to take the time and write about how I felt about a film . That said , of the hundreds of movies I have watched I have seen some of the most brilliant , Shawshank , the scariest , The Woman in Black , the funniest , Shark Attack III : Megaladon , and now the worst : Vampires vs. Zombies.<br /><br />The first thing that must be said is that this movie is not funny ! For those that are looking for a light hearted movie that will just be fun or at the very least so bad that it 's funny , look elsewhere . It is true that a movie such as this is not trying to be subtle and brilliant , with a title such as this you should know what you 're getting into . That said , there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any and every rule that governs the movie making world . This is not an argument between the traditional movie making process and newer and more " artsy " methods to creating a film , this is an argument between bad directors and companies being held accountable for making terrible movies.<br /><br />This movie suffers from the over used saying " I do n't know where to start . " Truly everything about this movie is broken . From the acting and to the editing there is no reason any movie should ever fail to deliver a cohesive series of events such as Vampires vs. Zombies . Some of the following problems are ; 1 . Scene misfires- It 's clear that the director , the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page . In one scene in particular the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground looking at the passenger side door of a car . You are expecting the person inside to get out , but there is a , and this is NO exaggeration , 10 second , at least , delay between the camera comes on and the director says " action " to where anything happens on screen . The viewer is left staring at a car door for the entire time with no sound , no movement , just the stereotypical " dead air " that radio or TV commentators dread . Where was the editing ? 2 . Acting- A forgivable offense in most cases , you ca n't expect a movie like this to have Oscar winners after all , but Vampires vs. Zombies takes bad acting to a whole other level . These " actors " were barely able to read their scripts obviously because anyone with any ability to read and to speak would have been able to pronounce the lines better than these fools . My only comparison for acting would have to be the opening scene from Resident Evil on Playstation . But that acting was even better.<br /><br />3- Story- Wait , what ? Story ? Again you ca n't expect this to be The Greatest Story Ever Told , but is it too much to ask that we have some semblance of a narrative ? Why the Vampires ? Who are the characters ? Who are the bad guys ? Are there good guys ? Why all the lesbians ? But most importantly , what 's the deal with the zombies ? If you have seen this movie then you will understand what I mean , but to those who have n't I 'll be plain , there are no zombies in this movie aside from maybe five minutes of it . It was almost as if the director forgot about the name of the movie and was forced to throw some zombies in without explanation at the very end.<br /><br />There 's so much more , but I hope I 've done enough to keep anyone from seeing this movie .
0 This is probably the best horror film made since Ed Wood died . < br /><br />I ca n't spoil the ending , because I have absolutely no idea what happened . I 'll try my best , though . There are some kind of lesbian vampires , but they keep swapping bodies , so any character might or might not be the character you 're supposed to think it is , or it might be a lesbian vampire . < br /><br />Sound confusing ? It 's not as confusing as you might think , since none of the characters make any sense to begin with . There 's no plot , no character development , and random people show up , speak a few lines , and then disappear , never to be heard from again . There are also zombies , who are * possibly * the enemies of the vampires , but there 's also a dream - within - a - dream kind of sequence in a mental hospital , so maybe none of this actually happened , and it 's all the main character 's hallucination . < br /><br />The upside ? Both of the lead girls take their shirts off briefly . The special effects are simply mind - boggling ( I particularly liked the incredibly slow , awkward fight sequences ) . Everyone has a really silly Canadian accent , which adds to the general level of hilarity . < br /><br />Well worth the price of rental . We laughed until we cried .
0 Oh it really really is . I 've seen films that I disliked more , due to whatever reason , but never have I seen a film that just fails in every single aspect of film making . It even fails to fail at film making , in a Way the Hercules in New York could be said to do . It 's not the film I like the least , but it is the very worst film I 've ever seen.<br /><br />The acting is the first thing that strikes you . I 've never seen a worse acted film outside of pornography . In fact I 've plenty of pornographic films that are acted a damn site better than this . It really is awful.<br /><br />Technically , it 's terrible . The camera - work is amateurish . The editing is nonsensical . I presume they could n't afford proper sound equipment , and this meant that every scene in a car ( and there 's a lot of them ) has them driving at about three miles per hour and every scene set outside by the same patch of woods ( and there 's a lot of them too ) is actually dubbed from a studio , again lending more to the bad porn vibe.<br /><br />The plot is nonsensical , as many have pointed out . I 'll defend vampires walking in daylight by the fact that despite it being popularized by Nosferatu , this was never originally an intrinsic part of the vampire mythos.<br /><br />Speaking of vampire mythos , the writer had evidently read Carmilla , or at very least seen The Vampire Lovers . I 'm not sure how I feel about this , swaying from impressed that a movie this dire has at least some aspirations to a Gothic novel I 'm very fond of ; or annoyed by its at best sledgehammer references and at worst total desecration of source material . At very least ' the General ' is an insult to Peter Cushing though.<br /><br />It gets two stars however , merely because I ca n't bring myself to vote one star for a film that has , or at least purports to have , both vampires and zombies in it . Incidentally I watched Lifeforce ( another film that tenuously has vampires and zombies in it ) on the same day as this , and despite being a rather flawed film itself , really comes out a masterpiece compared to this.<br /><br />So in the end , this is not a film so bad it 's good , or so bad it 's in any way enjoyable , even drunk . It 's just a mess , and worth no - one 's time watching .
0 Dear me . Where do I start ? The dad is n't anywhere near old enough to be the girl 's dad . He corpses on camera in the first 5 minutes of the film . The favoured exclamation in this film is " Jesus Christ ! ! ! " . Zombies are agile , stupid and few and far between . Motives are utterly incomprehensible and a narrative does not exist . People ' rush ' to their destination in jeeps driven at 3 MPH . The world seems to be carrying on as normal yet these are supposed to be the end days . Breasts appear for the sake of breasts . Normally such an approach would provide some redemption but the rest of the film actually made me uninterested in breasts or the future of humanity . There 's a dog for no reason and thin , orange blood that turns the stomach . The General and his catchphrase of " Shut the f**k up ! " is the only redeeming feature . As for the rest , I sincerely hope to hear that they had done the decent thing and killed themselves .
0 I picked up this movie with the intention of getting a bad zombie movie . But I had no Idea what I was getting myself into.<br /><br />I started the movie and soon I had been pulled into a world of pain and visual torture.<br /><br />I finally know what hell is like . It 's this movie . For eternity . This movie has no value . It did n't even really have a plot . There was stuff going on in each scene but no overall explanation why anything happens.<br /><br />Instead of watching this movie I suggest that you line the nearest blender with oil and try and stuff as many bullets in it as you can . You will find that the outcome to be far more pleasant than this movie.<br /><br />Don't even watch it . Not even to see how bad it is . I beg you . If you watch it , then it means they win .
0 I am an avid fan of horrendous movies , anything cheesy and down right ridiculous is my game . So imagine my spirit I went to the local Rent Shop , and found Vampires vs. Zombies . The name is just too entertaining , you know that no one in the world could pull off something like it , it just has to be bad.<br /><br />And boy , is it BAD . After viewing this horror - ific movie , I was speechless , literally . Me and my pal sat outside without saying a word to each other for several minutes , both of us contemplating the future of our lives after watching this movie . I broke the depressing silence with the words , " ... dude .... What ? " Yes , i am an enthralling individual.<br /><br />Heres a quick ' street review ' The Plot ; There is none , at all , ever , constantly in " WTF " mode . The Characters ; No development , forgettable . The Music ; Worse than porn . The Vampires ; Theirs vampires ? The Zombies ; Theirs Zombies?<br /><br />In the end ; Everyone should see this movie , honestly , its so bad I yearn to see it again . So do yourself a favor , watch it and get Depressed .
0 After watching this thing , then reading the summary on the back of the DVD , then thinking back to actual movie .... I became a bit dizzy . I thought , maybe I fell asleep and dreamed I was a down syndrome baby waltzing through a never ending forest where people drive 11 miles an hour and stop for no purpose other then occasional tasteless lesbianism . Where ( zombies ? ) come out of nowhere and ( vampires ? ) who ( seduce ? ) pure hearted citizens on their way to save the world . Neither zombie nor vampire notably encounter each other . The only fighting i remember was getting that walrus Bonny Giroux 's panties off . Coo Coo ca FAT ! All of them ! Maybe that was because we were watching it widescreen stretched and were too lazy to change it to its native resolution , but that actually made it more entertaining ... In conclusion my trailing thought thesis had more continuity , plot , character development , antagonism , subject matter , and acting then the entirety of this film . It made Bloodrayne look like Citizen F***ING KANE
0 Okay , I 've watched this movie twice now , I have researched it heavily on the net , I have asked several people on there opinions . I have even gone to the length of reading the original Sheridan Lafanu Classic ' Carmilla ' , a book that this movie is supposed to be based on . I feel that the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play whilst watching it . As the plot of the movie does n't seem to make any sense at all , here is the plot of the book.<br /><br />Laura lives in a castle in Syberia with her Father , Mr De Lafontaine . They carry on with their lives blissfully and peacefully . One day they get a letter from the ' General ' a man who has made it his mission in life to avenge his daughters death . He makes claims of supernatural powers being at work , and explains that he will visit them soon . Meanwhile , a chance encounter with a strange woman results in the Lafontaines looking after her Daughter , Carmilla , for several months . Soon Laura starts to be overwhelmed by strange dreams , and begins to come down with a strange illness . Who is this mysterious Carmilla ? And just what has she to do with Laura 's condition , and the General?<br /><br />I have invented this game and would like as many people as possible to play it , and let me know what their results are . I even have a catchy name , and would have a jingle too , but I ca n't be bothered with that . It 's called the " this movie does n't make any sense " game.<br /><br />All you have to do is , whilst watching the movie , try to come up with a complete plot that explains what is happening . I mean complete , all questions answered , everything makes sense , absolutely complete.<br /><br />It will have to answer such questions as ... < br /><br / > * Why can vampires walk around in day light?<br /><br / > * Why are they all lesbians?<br /><br / > * Why is a girl called Bob ? and why does she shoot herself?<br /><br / > * When is the movie a dream and when is it real?<br /><br / > * Why does killing zombies appear to be an accepted part of life that does n't make anyone bat an eyelid?<br /><br / > * Why does Travis Fontaine spot and run down a zombie without slowing down whilst driving his car , yet when faced with a woman with an obvious hostage in the back of her car , accept the excuse that she is a zombie too?<br /><br / > * And why does he then let a girl , which he later openly reveals that he knows is the head vampire , drive with him in his car?<br /><br / > * And then let her drive off , alone with his daughter in a stolen car?<br /><br />What the hell is the asylum scene all about?<br /><br / > * What the hell is the green goo all about?<br /><br / > * Why does the head vampire suddenly start dressing like a nurse?<br /><br / > * Why are there never any vampires fighting Zombies?<br /><br / > * What is the significance of the necklace ? what is it made of ? why does it kill vampires ? and how does Jenna know that?<br /><br />In fact sod it , it 's just as much fun trying to come up with as many questions about this movie too.<br /><br />I have my plot , and I have to admit it is not quite there , but it is a pretty good effort.<br /><br />In Conclusion < br /><br />'Vampires vs Zombies ' has no moment in it where there are actually Vampires fighting Zombies . Everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what is going on , yet they seem very reluctant to let the audience in on this . And somehow it is based on a classic 19th century horror novel . How ? Why ? What the hell is going on ?
0 Vampires Vs . Zombies starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across America leaves the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies ... Travis Fontaine ( C.S. Munro ) & his teenage daughter Jenna ( Bonny Giroux ) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods roads to try & escape the disease when Travis runs over a guy who I assume is meant to be a zombie . Slightly further down the road he stops to help Julia ( Brinke Stevens ) & her teenage daughter Carmilla ( Maratama Carlson ) who are waving at the side of the road , at this point there is also a third teenage girl named Tessa ( Melanie Crystal ) sitting in the back of Julia 's car bound & gagged . To me this situation would seem strange but Travis , like the trooper he is , takes it all in his stride & agrees to ' take ' Carmilla off Julia 's hands & , well I do n't know actually . So , with a complete stranger , Travis drives off leaving Julia & Tessa . Carmilla seems like a nice girl but she turns out to be a Vampire & she likes to bite people & turn them into Vampires , oh & she 's partial to a bit of lesbianism too . Travis , Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while some guy who calls himself The General ( Peter Ruginis ) who appears to be some sort of Vampire killer & probably has something to do with it all but the film is such a mess it does n't really matter & I really do n't know how to carry on this plot outline as my head hurts just thinking about it ... <br /><br />Co - edited , co - executive produced , written & directed by the supremely untalented Vince D'Amato Vampires Vs . Zombies is one of the worst horror films ever & therefore one of the worst films ever period . The script by D'Amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled ' Carmilla ' by Sheridan Le Fanu ( he should sue ) & is an absolute mess , the holes in the plot & logic are so big you could drive a tank through them ! What is the disease that turns people into zombies ? Why is Carmilla a Vampire ? Who is Julia to her ? Who the hell is The General ? What does he want ? Where are Travis & Jenna going ? How can Travis run a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human emotion over it ? What 's with the mental ward at the end ? There are also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more . There are just so many things wrong with this film , the narrative does n't make a blind bit of sense , the concept is terrible & never really explained properly plus it 's incredibly boring . I have not one positive thing to say about Vampire Vs . Zombies , not one . Forget about any Vampires fighting Zombies because it just does n't happen , tell me again why is this film called Vampires Vs . Zombies?<br /><br />Director D'Amato has served up one of the most incompetent , rubbishy , badly made , poorly thought out & excruciatingly painful viewing experiences ever made . Vampires Vs . Zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all , there is not one single aspect that I can praise . The gore is really fake looking , there are some blood splats which look like red water , some really cheap staking effects & a half decent climax where the zombies feast on Carmilla 's & Jenna 's intestines , this fairly gory scene is probably the best part of the whole wretched film but it only lasts for a couple of minutes & in no way makes up for the other turgid 85.<br /><br />The budget on Vampires Vs . Zombies must have been small , in fact did it even have a budget because most of it is set on a road in a couple of cars . This is one of the most badly made horror films it 's been my misfortune to watch , the entire thing just sucks . The acting is predictably awful , & I mean awful.<br /><br />There is n't much else left to say , Vampires Vs . Zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made . The ( V ) next to the title on the IMDb 's main page for Vampires Vs . Zoimbies indicates that it went straight to video , well that 's far too good for this pile of crap as it deserves to go straight on the nearest fire .
0 As myself and my other half are big fans of trash horror we could n't resist getting out a movie that contained both of the greats we were thrilled ! However for a 2004 movie with a rip off cover of Freddy Vs Jason this is a disgrace ! The worst film I have ever seen but worth a look for a laugh if you are able to sit through it!<br /><br />The acting is awful the effects ... well I could do better on my camcorder in fact its so bad they only bothered to put make up on the zombies faces and left out neck , hands etc . No story line , weird flashbacks that make no sense and terrible script!<br /><br />"you broke my tooth ! " from one vampire " you broke my cigar " was the response from the human who looked like uncle Jessie from Dukes crossed with Santa !
0 This is the absolute worst movie I have ever seen ! ! There was absolutely nothing good to say about this movie . I have seen some bad movies but this one takes it . There is no plot and most of the movie you are either fast forwarding the movie to get it done faster or you are wondering what the hell is going on because you ca n't seriously think that someone thought of this movie and you are watching it . I feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this painful hour and a half . Please take my advice and DO NOT WATCH this movie for I know you will think it is the biggest waste of time you have ever spent in your life .
0 Well ... the movie was a fun watch . The main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by . Like vampires that walk in the sunlight . Though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies . A scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams " Ow this hurts ... It 's really stuck . " Then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while . And there are random dream sequenes ' that really do n't help with the plot . Come to think of it , nothing really made sense , but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect . Come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful , and the zombies were just fun to watch . Slowly as i write more of this I like this movie more . But you know , all in all you ca n't expect Schindlers List but its a fun watch .
0 As you may or may not have heard , there is no actual fighting between vampires or zombies in this film . One may then ask why the title suggested such a thing , but really it 's kind of appropriate because nothing else about this film made any sense either . There was absolutely no story or plot , just things happening . The acting was incredibly bad , worse than safeauto commercials bad.<br /><br />Not only were there no fighting between vampires and zombies but I think there was only one scene with zombies even in it . Their make up looked as if it were applied by an 8 year old girl . The scene was totally random and out of place and featured one of the characters fighting the zombies off with a hedge trimmer ( I 'm not kidding ) but they used chainsaw sound effects.<br /><br />This was undoubtedly the poorest movie I 've ever seen in my life . The only circumstance that I would n't totally ridicule every person responsible for production of this film is if I learned that it was produced entirely by 11 year old's.<br /><br />Really though , even with all of the criticism I offer here , I 'd suggest watching this movie solely based on the fact that it may very well be the worst movie ever , and because of this is quite comical . Even just counting the flaws in it should keep you entertained .
0 OK , look at the title of this film.<br /><br />the title says it all right ? the title is great ... i mean , a lot of things should come into your head after readin it . in fact , you might be extremely anxious to see it.<br /><br />well , sadly , you wo n't see any of that.<br /><br />just a bunch of bad actors , some blood spilling , some hot chicks , and some lesbo action.<br /><br />oh , well , i think there are about 5 - 10 minutes of zombies and vampires indeed ... <br /><br />get away from this if you want to see a good movie . else get it .
0 I though this would be an okay movie , since i like zombies and horror movies in general . But i did not think it would be such a piece of sh!t like it was . The only zombie in the movie is at the beginning and he gets ran over by a god damn car ! ! ! The movie looks to be written by a porn director and filled by porn actors , i would n't ever call them actors ! The costumes seems to be stolen from a local school play . Its seems like a road movie with almost no monsters . There is no fun at all in this piece of sh!t , only horror , but not in the way the director intended . I would rather be raped by a pedophile than see this movie ever again ! ! ! ugh !
0 I have a high tolerance level for crap , so I was looking forward to this . It did not disappoint . Apparently based on Sheridan Le Fanu 's classic Carmilla , it follows a father and daughter hunting a female vampire who , luckily , happens to be travelling with them . Then we have Santa Claus ( or the General , as he likes to be called here ) running over random zombies . Did I mention there was a zombie outbreak ? The dead are returning to life but nobody seems too concerned . We have construction worker zombies , soldier zombies and even St . Trinian schoolgirl zombies . Apparently Santa Claus is looking for his daughter who has been turned into a vampire . Oh wait there are no vampires , the girl is in a lunatic asylum and Carmilla is her nurse , or is she ? The zombies are back and Santa 's mad . Lesbian sex , I like vampires and I like zombies but I especially like lesbian sex . Nothing like some simulated cunnilingus to get the juices flowing . When are we going to see vampires fight zombies ? Is she a vampire or is she a lunatic ? Or both ? Is Carmilla a hot sexy lesbian vampire or a nurse ? More cunnilingus , you can never have enough cunnilingus . Here come the St . Trinian zombies . Chainsaw time ! ! More lesbian sex then the zombies kill and eat the vampires . I guess the zombies won , or did they ? Plot ? Who needs a plot when you 've got lesbian vampires and schoolgirl zombies ? And cunnilingus ?
0 I read the reviews before i watched this movie , and i did n't believe them . I love crap movies and i expected this one to be average . It was n't . This film makes Camp Blood 1 and 2 look like greats . The film contains bad acting , poor sound , poor confusing storyline , bad makeup- and it bored me so much i turned it off . even the nudity was rubbish ! Did they even have a budget for this film ? I do n't think they did . You can tell if your gon na like this film or not in the first 5 minutes . if u want a good cheesy gory film go watch toxic avenger 4 or even camp blood . Avoid this trash - I watched it on TV and felt riped off , so do n't spend anything on it . The best part is probably the end .
0 This film was so bad i had to fast forward most of it to get to the good bits . Hah what good bits ? the only bit that was worth it was the ending ( those who have seen the film will know what i mean ) . I expected a lot from this film like a underworld meets dawn of the dead meets Freddy vs. Jason but what i got was this crap . Story was forgettable , the cast was used badly and what was the director thinking when he made this . This could have been a great but i turned out to be the most boring film i have ever watched . OK so what if there was a nice bit of T and A , I was after the gore and i was bitterly disappointed . Do n't expect a film that s good but if you want a bad cheesy horror then by all means watch this and see how a horror movie SHOULDN'T BE DONE .
0 I honestly have to say that I could not stop watching this movie from the second that it started . Simply for how bad it was ! ! ! It 's kinda like watching paint dry only a lot more confusing . I mean you sit there and just wait for something to happen , anything in fact , preferably something that makes the whole film make sense ! At the end of the film I actually sat there wondering if there was any chance at all that I may have missed the first hour that explained everything or whether I may have inadvertently passed out during the film and missed the parts that glued the plot(if there was in fact one)together ! The main thing that really confused me about this movie , is nearly at the end the main girl ( if there was indeed a main girl ) was in some sort of alternate reality , i mean what the hell was going on at this point ? ! all of a sudden she awoke and was in a mental institute , chained to a bed being drugged by doctors or something , then quicker than it would have taken me to slit my wrists , it flipped back and she was getting eaten out by some random vampire!it made no sodding sense ! I 'm tempted to email the makers and demand my time back , i mean i wasted 2 hours of my life watching this rubbish!i am kinda interested to know if the filmmakers themselves actually knew what it was all about ! just seemed someone had edited out all the bits that could have made it make sense though i think the film would have had to have been 4hrs long to make that happen ! I side completely with the other person who wrote the other review , i was duped royally with this film by its title , and that alone . I 'm just so sodding grateful i did n't actually buy the film , no matter how many times iv seen it in the local pound shop . You would have thought that would have given me a clue that the film was a complete pile of steaming movie rubbish but to be honest I think £ 1 was way too much money to spend on this film ! ! ! ! what a sodding huge waste of time and a good razor blade , i mean i wish i OD'ed , its less painful than watching this film ! ! ! !
0 I watched this movie with some friends a couple months ago , I still laugh today thinking about some of the utter stupidity . The first few scenes alone were hilarious . I wo n't spoil anything for those who wish to see it , I would n't want to ruin the laughs . Needless to say the entire time I watched this movie I was trying to figure out exactly what the point of anything the characters in this movie were doing . Towards the end we all got bored however , as the initial hilarity and shock of a movie being this random wore off . There is no plot and not a trace of decent acting . The characters are about as well developed as those in a kindergarten " Learn to Read " book . They even managed to make a lesbian sex scene uninteresting .
0 Feature of early 21 century cinema of lets pit different evil creatures and bad guys against each other . We have n't seen stuff like this since Godzilla v King Kong and the like . Always sounds great on paper when you 're splicing up and in a haze of the good stuff you have an inspired idea and see the whole playing out before you like Beethoven 's symphonies . Then you come to writing it . Great ideas like all vampires are female . Ergo hot , seductive deadly but in a way I want to perish sort of way . And all zombies are men . well that s what men are like to a woman just after she s been dumped or cheated on right ? So it all looks good up to actually making it . Then the rot starts to set in . Mosters have fight . Nothing much happens . Another fight . Philosophical noodling and cods wallop . Eureka we 've found how to win . Big fight again and the End . Sounds great does n't it ? If it was made an indie company it would be great . But this is Hollywood with the eye on the bucks : gloss instead of what the fans want . It all could have been gore soaked beautiful .
0 This movie should be nominated for a new genre : Complete Mess ! Except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore , this movie is a complete waste of time . Calling it " Campy " does n't even cut it . " Campy " implies fun which this movie was not . You spend the first half of the movie thinking " Its got to get better , right ? " . In fairness , it does , at the very end when its finally explained who the " brother / sister " team are and what they want but by then , you hardly care anymore because you 've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did Mr. Onorati & Ms. Pacula do to tick someone off THIS badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie.<br /><br / >
0 A top contender for worst film ever made . Joanna Pakula 's character seems to have an I.Q. of 3 which is only one less than the writer and director . The screenplay would not have passed in a high school writing class ; the " jokes " are juvenile ; the concept corny . These performers were obviously desperate for work . I stayed to the end only to see if it would get worse . It did . Life is too short to spend any part of it watching this film .
0 After watching about half of this I was ready to give up and turn it off , but I endured to the end . This is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails . The acting is poor --- much worse than the acting in 80s T&A movies.<br /><br />There are several attempts at humour that fail miserably and the movie is 100 % predictable . Perhaps if you are a teenager this movie will hold some appeal , but for those that have seen many movies , you will know how the film turns out after the first 10 minutes . The rest of your time will be spent in agony waiting for the ending credits to roll.<br /><br />Don't waste your time watching this .
0 This movie is one of the most awful I 've ever seen . Not only is the dialogue awful , it never ends . You 'll think it 's ending , but it 's not . How long is it , 140 , 160 minutes ? I do n't even know . I do know that I 'll never watch it again . It 's like someone took a romantic comedy , took out the comedy , then decided to downplay the romance , leaving us with the pile of crap that managed to make its way to the screen . But do n't take my word for it , find out for yourself how terrible this film is .
0 A film as bad as this should be withdrawn from all stores world wide . So full of boring , dull , unimaginative characters , and with a lead character with such an annoying attitude and dry voice constantly giving a thoughtless voice over for every action and feeling , this film holds the record for the most challenging film I have ever watched . As I had payed money to own it , I felt a duty to see it through , and how I regret it . My head hurt throughout because of the terribly dull characters and their pointless , plot less lives . A bunch of kids who have zero knowledge about anything , are all frigid and worst of all , have terrible dialogue throughout , just mulling around as the main character tries to get a date with the girl . Boring , so much so my friend was shaking with hatred and I was red with embarrassment that I 'd thrown away £ 6 . The DVD was on eBay the following day , and I did n't make much of my money back . Avoid like the plague .
0 Absolutely nothing happens in this sloooow , annoying , thrill - less thriller directed by Amenabar 's usual collaborator Mateo Gil . The film , which in some way deals with the effect of boredom and the quest for thrills , actually delivers none , and seems like an exercise in boredom . The only mildly suspenseful moment is the movie 's climax , which takes about 30 seconds of the whole agonizing 100-plus minutes , and is resolved too simply . The plot lacks sophistication or credibility , and while the idea is original , the way the story unfolds is arbitrary and every plot device or twist is a result of outside interference ( deus - ex - machina ) . The hero is always passive , everything happens to him without forcing him to show any initiative or resourcefulness . If you 're fans of the genre , watch " Tesis " instead .
0 Holy crap ! What a terrible , terrible Spanish thriller ! I 've had it for about four years and finally started it the other night . I watched an hour or so before heading to bed . I was pretty intrigued by the whole thing . I finished it last night and could n't believe where I stopped it the night before . Literally , I stopped it the second before the movie went completely downhill.<br /><br />Like I said , I was pretty intrigued and curious as to where this mystery was going but stopped it right when Simon receives the package in the bar . I picked up when he opens up the package to reveal a laser gun and then plays a " menacing " game of laser tag . Whew ! Then the big reveal is that the whole thing is a terrorist plot by role playing game nerds . WHEW ! You can tell the Spanish industry was definitely behind director Mateo Gil ( co - writer of Amenabar 's two big previous hits ) . There is an excellent score and great photography . But this scenario reeks of silliness . How anyone sat through the last 40 minutes with a straight face is beyond me .
0 ' Nobody knows anybody ' is a conspiracy theory thriller about a Satanist / nut bomber targeting the religious festivities of Seville during Holy Week . He also happens to be the best friend of the film 's hero . The plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game , with himself and the hero as players , and Seville as the virtual environment . The very real alleys and streets of the city begin to take on the labyrinthine qualities of those old Pacman - type games . Looked at this way , the scene where the hero and his female sidekick are chased by black - hooded penitents with rayguns may not seem as silly as it plays . < br /><br />From the start , we are aware that the narrative is being constructed as a game - the hero 's job is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper ; at one point , the crossword grid on his screen becomes the chessboard on which he is later playing against his girlfriend 's father . Clues are liberally scattered , as the camera mystifyingly closes in on images that are only later shown to have been significant ( e.g. the advert in the bar ) . The detective / paper chase elements are made part of a game in progress , rather than an investigation after the fact . The film borrows heavily on ' Se7en ' 's pattern narrative , and anyone with a Catholic education will presumably get the significance of certain events happening on certain days in the run up to EAster.<br /><br />In this reading , the game is on the level of narrative , with the hero fighting against an enemy ( in this case , the computer ) to win and save the day . But there is a second game , the film itself , which subvert the first . There are another set of of clues which point not to the killer 's intentions , but the filmmaker 's and his hero 's . In the first ten minutes there are references to chess , a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin . If we remember that the chess - loving Nabokov 's 1930s pseudonym was Sirin , we see another game afoot , one where we suspect not the villain , but the hero himself . < br /><br />In a Nabokov novel like ' Pale Fire ' , an author - figure creates a text which is designed to hide his own motives , provoking a game between writer and reader to uncover the real text . Throughout the film are scenes which are visually distorted ( e.g. the image contracting ) , or which are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that make us suspect the hero 's point of view . The opening references to games are all linked to him . In the early sequences , much is made of the character 's sexual and creative impotence , so the film could be his attempt to master his life , to be a winner , in a way he ca n't for real . No sooner has he won the game than his writer 's block vanishes ; the words he types are the title of the film , suggesting he is the overall author . Further , that title in Spanish reflects on itself negatively , a very Nabokovian involution that suggests a hero , like Kinbote , trapped in his own solecism.<br /><br />This jumble of post - modern literature ( Borges , Eco , Pynchon et al are alluded to also ) , Fincher , ' X - Files ' , ' Run Lola Run ' , Chris Marker ( the idea of the city and its history as a map and a text ; and as a cultural history haunting the present ) , Bunuellian anti - clericism , and Alex de la Iglesia 's ' shock ' films result in a film that is just that , a jumble , each clever - clever allusive element cancelling out the last , dissipating interest . The lack of clarity about the game 's rules renders it incomprehensible , and eventually wearing . < br /><br />Ironically , in a work of such overdetermined artifice , the film 's main interest lies in its documentary quality , as a record of a narrative taking place in a real city with its own events taking place independently . Such an ambiguous blurring of fact and fiction can create a masterpiece like ' Sans Soleil ' or ' London ' , but , ultimately , you need to have a light touch to match your cleverness .
0 Although the beginning suggests All Quiet on the Western Front , this silly and superficial version of war falls far astray of its much better contemporary . This depicts the funnest war ever fought , with the first hour and a half devoted to romance and good times.<br /><br />When we finally see some battle , it is lame : An enemy plane flies over ? Shoot it down ( in one shot ) . Sniper in the tree ? Kill him before he gets a shot off . Enemy soldiers in the woods ? Not to worry , they gladly surrender . Ho - hum.<br /><br />Tepid , turgid , predictable ... <br /><br / >
0 Motocrossed was fun , but it was n't that great . I guess I just did n't understand a lot of the Motocross racing " lingo " ( and there was A LOT of that in the film ) ! The plot was n't what I expected from the Disney Channel previews , so that could account for some of my disappointment .
0 Some fraud girl tries to compete in the big leagues of motorcross by swiching places with her brother . She gets to the top by lying and manipulation . She should have been disqualified . The movie promotes lying and cheating to win . also the idea of a 9 yr old mechanic is absurd . it takes many many years to get good . Go back to the tonka toys .
0 Absolutely horrific film . Ameteurish and it is n't funny at all . Lead character played by Mehmet Ali Erbil is very annoying . Edits by E.T and star wars is just plain stupid.<br /><br />Actor Yilmaz Goksal is the only good think about this movie . He should master his English and move to Hollywood . Hollywood can not find an actor with his qualities . Other than Goksal this movie is a garbage.<br /><br />Director Gani Mujde is a comic writer and this movie is his worst written work to this date.<br /><br />Music of Cem Karaca is another plus of this waste of money . Actor Sumer Tilmac also have some presence . Actor who plays the three sons has no talent what so ever .
0 I thank god I did n't go to cinema for this film . I would be very sorry for the money I gave . I saw it on tv and I could n't beleive my eyes . I wonder if any film could be worse than this one . they spent millions of dollars to this film for nothing . awful acting and awful scenario . I think the other people who wrote comments are the man working from that film company ;) it 's very big fiasco ! in year 2000 can they still laugh at this kind of film ? embarassing ...
0 While channel surfing , we found this movie with its promising synopsis . We were dismayed at the flat acting , and formulaic storyline . We found amusing the exploding car scenes , unbelievable shoot outs , and sets that crash down with the weight of tyro - foam and cardboard . What was even more hilarious was seeing all the recycled scenes from " Dante 's Peak " , where the church front falls on the school bus , the store fronts break away from the main street , the overpass collapsing , and the red truck speeding down the alley way as the bricks fall down on it . It was a good laugh although unintended , and leaves the viewer wondering if it was not originally intended as a low budget spoof of disaster films .
0 Two days after seeing this thing , I 'm still in agony over HAVING seen it . It 's so bad , you have to wonder how anyone could write this tripe , much less allow it to be loose on the general public . Stilted acting , a leading man who looks like he 's sleepwalking , and Alison Eastwood embarrassing herself . The action is indicative of low budget movie making , which means it is painfully bad . The plot ? Well , if you were 6 years old , then you could have written this movie . Simplistic , idealistic , and just plain lame .
0 My one line summary should explain it all , but I 'll have a go at it.<br /><br />From the get - go , this movie seemed like an overdone soap opera , and that 's about all I can comment on . There were a few interesting scenes , such as the " Big one " that hit during the middle of the movie , but , wait , what 's that ? The earthquake * gasp * , wait a minute ! That 's Dante 's Peak ! Well , parts of it butchered and slapped in . I ca n't believe how poorly this movie was done , " borrowing " scenes from other , much better films . One wonders what director thought that viewers are dumb enough to believe large wooded mountain - esque backdrops exist in downtown LA , ala Dante 's Peak.<br /><br />My advise , forget the Bond Wanna - be , Nash , in this film and go for the real thing ( again , someone from Dante 's Peak coincidentally.)<br /><br / >
0 " Power Play " starts off interesting but it goes down hill fast . The only good actor is Tobin Bell and he has a very small part . Beyond Bell , " Power Play " has no redeeming value or interest . " Power Play " has more earthquakes in a few days than California has in a year . The earthquake scene in the mall is so contrived and completely unbelievable . And all the action scenes look like a bunch of third graders putting on a play . It 's awful , simply awful.<br /><br />Bottom line , if " Power Play " was made in the 60 's or 70 's it would be considered a poor " B " class movie . The fact that " Power Play " was made in 2001 is really sad . Is there such a thing as a " D " class movie ? If so , " Power Play " casts the mold .
0 There are some great philosophical questions . What is the purpose of life ? What happens when we die ? And WHY DO THEY MAKE MOVIES THIS BAD ? ? ? The premise is absurd . Thre acting is one dimensional . The special effects are overdone . And the movie is one unending gun battle among some of the lousiest shots Hollywood ever produced . But then , if they had been good shots , everybody would have been dead in the first five minutes and there would be no movie . Too bad it did n't happen that way . Tempted to turn it off several times , I stuck with it to see just how bad it could get . Glad I did because ( SPOILER ? ) the last line is the crowning stupidity of the whole dopey , dismal scenario . It is not even worthy of second feature status at a third rate drive - in in off season . Apart from the general awfulness of the film , I worry deeply about its impact on young audiences . The Americans crank out crap like this and then wonder why events like Columbine happen . This is truly banal cinema on a Brobdingnagian scale !
0 I have to finish watching a movie once I start , regardless of how bad it is . This movie was agonizing to sit through . The " sparkling " bullets , the reporter with " ninja " like moves , the way the bad guys shoot hundreds and hundreds of bullets and only seem to hit innocent bystanders , the predictable outcome and all the bad acting was just horrible . Like the girl who finds the reporter in her friends apartment and goes from " what the heck are you doing in here ( holding a bat ) " to " hey , you 're cute , wanna @#$% ! ? ? ? " in like 1.2 seconds .... Just bad .... Save yourself an hour and forty minutes and go play with your kids ( or dog ) !
0 I think if they made ANY MONEY make a complete turd bomb like this one . The I need to get into the movie industry . I wiped my ass on a piece of toilet paper and made a better script once . Watch when the guy is running through the tunnel , they used the same 30 feet of tunnel OVER and OVER and OVER again and never even changed the location of the stupid HANGING light.<br /><br />I think if i get the THRILL of meeting the director of this GEM of a MOVIE , I think i will pick a fight with him and start it by deficating on his LOAFERS < br /><br />I think I need to puke now
0 Think of a no - budget version of China Syndrome being directed by a film student who idolizes John Woo and you 'll get ' Power Play . ' The idea was good , but the execution , acting , and dialog absolutely killed it , not to mention ridiculous amounts of violence and disaster sequences that was used to compensate for lack of substance and development of the more interesting parts of the movie.<br /><br />This is the story of a reporter investigating the disappearance of three members of a guerrilla activist group who mysteriously went missing after they broke into the offices of a power plant that is suspected to be causing a frenzy of earthquake . The rather cavalier reporter , going up against what should 've been a more ruthless bunch of company execs , is chased around town ( along with anyone he speaks to ) in order to " clean " whatever conclusive evidence might remain of the plant 's faults.<br /><br />Unfortunately , there is no real sense of emergency because the characters interact with much hesitancy , coupled with idiotic dialog and a lot of horrible acting . Not to mention , the viewer , who may only be attracted to the movie for it 's action genre appeal , is forced to endure a mounting body count and ridiculous amounts of violent shoot em - ups plus earthquake disaster scenes . All of the focus was put in the wrong place to apologetically compensate for the lack of direction and more interesting sequence of events that should 've propelled the story . It might 've been much better had the filmmakers focused more on a thriller , and paid greater attention to developing the corruption aspects of this story . Creepy villains , a naive reporter , and those who attempt to alert the reporter of the wrong - doing afoot . It is formulaic , but at least it would 've been entertaining .
0 It 's just breathtaking in it 's awfulness-- you really must see it!<br /><br />Depending on your perspective , Dylan Walsh is either the savior or the problem here : since he 's the only one on screen that can actually get his lines out with something akin to natural cadences and inflection , he either ruins the movie by pointing up everyone else 's flaws , or he saves it by providing some context for their awfulness.<br /><br />I'm inclined to the later view-- thanks to him , it works as high comedy . He 's the 7 footer in a game of dwarf basketball , his skill set just does n't apply in this context , and his discombobulation is delicious.<br /><br />The real treat though is Ms. Eastwood , whose inability to speak in plain English is so pervasive I actually googled her , expecting to learn that she was a Russian beauty who pronounced her lines phonetically , with no understanding of their meaning . But no : she 's just a talent free American who will leave you laughing with every line she drops . Whether she knew what the lines meant must remain an open question .
0 Can only be described as awful . It is bad to start with and then gets even more bad . When you start you really have to watch it through because it is impossible to believe that it can get worse - but fear not because it does . Another poorly written script for a donkey director for no - talent offspring of past movie stars . It 's hard to decide if the script is worse than the acting or whether the directing is worse than both . As for the hero - well he belts up everyone including one scene where he beats the living daylights out of the tough by swinging open the wardrobe door and smashing him against the window with it . And in another scene he gets thrown through a window and crashes 20 ft onto concrete - does n't even blink - then gets up immediately and gets stuck into the baddies . This is a really ridiculous movie . Lucky it only cost me $ 1 to hire .
0 Okay , the story makes no sense , the characters lack any dimensionally , the best dialogue is ad - libs about the low quality of movie , the cinematography is dismal , and only editing saves a bit of the muddle , but Sam " Peckinpah directed the film . Somehow , his direction is not enough . For those who appreciate Peckinpah and his great work , this movie is a disappointment . Even a great cast can not redeem the time the viewer wastes with this minimal effort.<br /><br />The proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director San Peckinpah , James Caan , Robert Duvall , Burt Young , Bo Hopkins , Arthur Hill , and even Gig Young bring to their work . Watch the great Peckinpah films . Skip this mess .
0 The problem with " The Killer Elite " is that just by seeking this film out , and investing time to watch it , you are putting more effort into the experience than many of its principals did , particularly director Sam Peckinpah.<br /><br />The already volatile Peckinpah was heading into rough weather with this film . According to at least one biographer , this was where he became acquainted with cocaine . Add to that his binge drinking , and it 's no wonder things fell apart.<br /><br />It 's a shame , because the concept behind the film is a good one , and the first ten minutes promise much . Mike Locken ( James Caan ) and George Hansen ( Robert Duvall ) are private contractors who do a lot of dirty work for the CIA . They move quick , live well , and seem like the best of friends - then something happens to shatter their brotherhood.<br /><br />An opening scene shows them blowing up a building - why exactly we are n't told , par for the course in terms of this film 's murky motivation . But the implication is these guys hurt people and do n't really care - antiheroes much like the Wild Bunch of Peckinpah 's not - so - long - ago . An opening title tells us they work for ComTeg , then adds with obvious tongue in cheek " ... the thought the CIA might employ such an organization for any purpose is , of course , preposterous . " That 's a pretty clever way of letting the audience know all bets are off.<br /><br />Add to that a traditionally strong Peckinpah backup cast , including Burt Young , Gig Young , and Peckinpah regular Bo Hopkins in the plum role of a madman who ca n't pass up an opportunity to be shot at for $ 500 a day , and you only wish that the scriptwriters , including the celebrated Sterling Silliphant , tried to do something more with the story than turn it into a platform for lazy one - liners and bad chop - socky knockoffs . An attempt at injecting a dose of liberal social commentary is awkwardly shoehorned in . " You 're so busy doing their dirty work , you ca n't tell who the bad guys are , " someone tells Locken , as if either he or we need it pointed out.<br /><br />Worse still are Peckinpah 's clumsy direction and sluggish pacing . We 're 40 minutes into the film before we get our first battle scene , a completely chaotic collection of random shots where a bunch of people we have n't even met before are seen fighting at San Francisco Airport , their battle intercut with a conversation in an office suite.<br /><br />By the end of the film , what 's left of the cast is having a battle inside a fleet of mothballed Victory Ships , ninjas running out in the open to be gunned down while Caan tosses off one liners that undercut any hint of real suspense . " Lay me seven - to - five , I 'll take the little guy , " he wisecracks just before a climatic samurai duel between two ninja warriors - from China , which we all know is the land of the Ninja . ( The battle takes place in San Francisco , but surprisingly no Mounties arrive to break things up.)<br /><br />Caan is much better in smaller scenes , like when Locken , recovering from some nasty injuries , is told by one of his bosses , played by a smooth Arthur Hill , that he 's been " Humpty - dumped " by the organization . Caan refuses to stay down , and his recovery scenes , though momentum - killing for the movie , feature fine acting from him and Amy Heflin , Van 's daughter , as a supportive nurse . Caan was one of the 1970s ' best actors , and his laconic byplay with Heflin , Duvall , Hopkins , and both Youngs give " Killer Elite " real watchability.<br /><br />But you do n't watch " Killer Elite " thinking about that . You watch it thinking of the film that got away .
0 It was almost unfathomable to me that this film would be a bust but I was indeed disappointed . Having been a connoisseur of Pekinpah cinema for years , I found this DVD , drastically reduced , for sale and thought it was worth a shot . The opening few credits , iconic to Pekinpah fans , has the inter - cutting between man and animal , but here we have non - diegetic ambient noise of children playing in a schoolyard while a bomb is being planted . Fantastic suspense . Then , when the perps , Caan and Duval , travel to their next mission , Duval drops the bomb on Cann that his date last night had an STD , found only by snooping through her purse while Cann was being intimate with her . The ensuing laughter is fantastic , and is clearly paid homage to in Brian Depalma 's Dressed to Kill , at the short - lived expense of Angle Dickenson . The problem with The Killer Elite is that after the opening credits , the film falls flat . Even Bring Me The Head of Alfredo Garcia has stronger production value , a bold call for anyone who knows what I 'm talking about . I use Pekinpah 's credits as supplementary lecture material , but once they are finished , turn The Killer Elite off .
0 Another too bad the lowest they can go here is one . Otherwise this would get an easy zero . Truly one of the worst films I have ever seen . In fact were Peckenpah 's name not on the thing I would never have guessed he did it . Actually one of the people in San Francisco I know was on the set a lot and from nearly sunup on he says that Sam was just plain snockered . It shows in spades . The laughing bit at the early part of the film is the ONLY thing in this entire mess worth a second look . Not even Gig Young is watchable . This is a true test of masochism . Had I been forced into the confines of a theatre to see it I would have jumped up screaming . And now I truly feel guilty having watched it all from the confines of a very comfortable couch that was just too nice to leave . What a mess , it seemed less written than made up as they went along . It 's not only a bomb but a bmob spelled backwards . Yikes ! ! ! ! !
0 You know all those letters to " Father Christmas " and " Jesus " that are sent every year ? Well , it turns out that they are not actually delivered but dropped off in a half - forgotten corner of the post office to rot unless some bright spark figures out a way of posting them . As bizarre settings go , it 's a winner and one which perfectly fits the strange movie that is " Dead Letter Office " . Having said that , this is obviously an Australian film as opposed to a British one . If it was Royal Mail , most letters get this sort of treatment anyway . I have n't been in this flat for two years and we 're still getting letters for a Mr Wang , some female priest of the Church of Latter Day I've - Never - Heard - Of - You and various catalogues for industrial equipment addressed to a plumbing company.<br /><br />"Dead Letter Office " ( the name given to the place where undeliverable mail ends up ) follows the story of Alice ( Miranda Otto ) who grows up in a seriously divided home . Writing to her absent father , she only learns in adulthood that her letters have n't been delivered for one reason or another . So , logically , she gets a job at the D.L.O. and finds herself working alongside other social rejects including the brooding Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez ( George Del Hoyo ) . Slowly , she finds herself drawn to him but can she find out where her dad is without bringing the self - contained world of the Dead Letters Office to its knees?<br /><br />Nothing against this film but I was reminded of the god - awful Heather Graham film " Committed " while watching this . However , this is so much better than that pile of horse crap but then again , that ai n't difficult . For a start , this film is much more logical . True , the metaphors are somewhat blatant and the underflowing symbolism quickly becomes a flood . But at least this is cohesive and quirky without being complete drivel . It is also well acted . Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as the lovers looking for something they know they 'll never find while other characters are peripheral at best . Part of the trouble is that it seems to wrap up far too quickly , leaving this viewer somewhat disappointed . The other part is that when you consider Australia 's draconian immigration policy ( i.e. if you do n't speak English , rack off ! ) , such a story is unlikely to take place in reality . The other characters , sadly , also help to destabilise the realism by proving to be little more than odd - ball stereotypes.<br /><br />Despite that , " Dead Letter Office " is certainly something a little different . It might not be to everyone 's taste but I liked it . Yes , it was hackneyed and predictable but sometimes , it 's nice to watch a film without guns or violence or heavy - duty swearing and nudity ( no chance of that in an Australian film ) . There ai n't any major laughs , there 's no Bullet Time and the characters are usually one - dimensional . But it 's the story that counts here and while it 's not earth - shattering in its magnificence , it 's a pleasant enough way of passing the time . It 's the movie equivalent of a Sheryl Crow CD - nice to listen to now and again but you would n't really miss it if it was n't there .
0 This movie had a IMDB rating of 8.1 so I expected much more from it . It starts out funny and endearing with an energy that feels spontaneous . But before the movie is half - way through , it begins to drag and everything becomes sickingly predictable . The characters in the office were delightful in the first third of the movie , but we get to know them a little too well ; they become caricatures , not real people at all . This is the same story I 've seen hundreds of times , only told here with slightly different circumstances . The thing is , I could stomach another predictable love story if only the dialog were n't so stale!<br /><br />The only thing that could be worse is if the characters had inconsistent and unbelievable motivations , and unfortunately that was also the case with Dead Letter Office . Hopefully this movie will end up in the Dead Movie Office soon .
0 ' Dead Letter Office ' is a low - budget film about a couple of employees of the Australian postal service , struggling to rebuild their damaged lives . Unfortunately , the acting is poor and the links between the characters ' past misfortunes and present mindsets are clumsily and over - schematically represented . What 's most disappointing of all , however , is the portrayal is life in the office of the film 's title : there 's no mechanisation whatsoever , and it 's quite impossible to ascertain what any of the staff really do for a living . Granted , part of the plot is that the office is threatened with closure , but this sort of office surely closed in the 1930s , if it ever truly existed . It 's a shame , as the film 's overall tone is poignant and wry , and there 's some promise in the scenario : but few of the details convince . Overall , it feels the work of someone who has n't actually experienced much of real life ; a student film , with a concept and an outline , but sadly little else .
0 this could be one of the worse movies i 've ever seen . i do n't see how could this ever be described as a horror movie , or even a thriller ? its more like a lumbering drama . the scary music is EXCELLENT but since there were n't any scary situations the director thought it would be a good idea to use it for everyday activities like taking a dump or walking down stairs . the movie had so much potential . they had beautiful cinematography ( sp ? ) and interesting characters , but it seemed as if the writers assumed you already knew them . they would undergo peculiar activities without explanation or even a clue at what they meant . this is simply one of those movies that says its about one thing and it something totally different .
0 A bit of a disappointing film , I 'd say : the acting was stilted , somehow . In many cases , I just could n't feel that the facial expressions matched the words spoken or the intent of the scene . An angry ( or sad , happy , frustrated ) character should make the viewer believe that he 's angry ( or sad , happy , frustrated ) . That does n't happen here.<br /><br />The comment about the writers assuming you already know the characters was apt . They do things and say things which come out of nowhere : the character Andrew accuses his parents of sending signals to each other at dinner ; then he blows up and storms out , telling his father " Do n't touch me , you f * * * ! " . Maybe , if we 'd seen the prequel , we would understand where all that comes from , but there is no prequel , so we 're somewhat at sea as to the reason ! < br /><br />One odd , quirky thing that Andrew does is to go to an old stone quarry , sit down on the edge overlooking the " still water " below ; then he reaches into his jeans pocket and extracts a pack of cigarettes and lights one up . He did this same thing three times during the film ; I guess we 're supposed to see this as some tortured act of being alone and angry ? Maybe once , but three times ? It might even have been four times , I lost count.<br /><br />To be honest , there is the fact that he 's recently found out that he 's adopted ; this happens very early in the film so there 's no sense of any dramatic change he might be undergoing because of this discovery . It 's not really clear if that 's why he 's so bitter or if it 's about something else.<br /><br />I guess there is a sort of Lynchian feel to the film but should a first - time director really be trying to scale such a mountain so early in his career ?
0 Mulva is put in a sugercoma by Teen Ape . When she awakens she 's considerably hotter ( the parts played by Debbie Rochon in this sequel ) , and out for revenge on those that did her wrong . As the sub - title and box art implies this is indeed a take off on the " Kill Bill " films , but this being a Chris Seaver 's film , it 's a wildly incompetent satire ( and I use that last term extremely loosely ) I 'd love to say this is better than the first film , but truth be told I was so impossibly drunk off my ass when I saw the previous film that I ca n't even hope to compare the two at this point in time . But I must have enjoyed it since I bought the sequel ( see when I 'm drunk I like , for lack of a better word , complete and total crappy movies ) There are a few laugh out loud moments ( very few ) but I do remember Bonejack being funnier though . Well at least at slightly over an hour , it IS over mighty quickly for what it 's worth.<br /><br />My Grade : D+ < br /><br />DVD Extras : Audio commentary by Director Chris Seaver , actress Debbie Rochon , and the Lbp gang ; Second commentary by Seaver ; 31 minute Making of featurette ; Lloyd Kaufman 's 6 minute tribute to low budget pictures ; Fake 2 minute syrup commercial ; stills gallery ; Promo trailer ; and trailers for : Mulva " , ' Quest for the Egg Salad " , " Fiilthy McNasty"1 , 2 , & 3 ; " the Feral Man " , " the Bonesetter " , " Midnight Skater " , " Demon Summer " & " Splatter Rampage Wrestling "
0 Although this is " better " than the first Mulva ( which does n't say much anyways , I would rather watch paint dry ) it still sucks . Do yourself a favor and avoid anything from these Low Budget Pictures guys . I was suckered into buying a few dvds to support some indy filmmakers and boy did I regret it . Some have n't even been officially " released " yet ( not bootlegs - bought from the filmmakers themselves ) and I ca n't even list how bad they all are . Avoid anything with Teen Ape or Bonejack in them as they do pop up in other small indy films that they are friends with . If you are friends of these guys , chances are you were in their movies and had fun making them . But for those that had to watch them ? No way . Bad video , bad audio , bad acting , bad plot ... etc etc . These are n't even funny . I gave this one a 2 only because Debbie Rochon is in it and that is about it . Maybe it does n't even deserve the 2 . About a 1 1/16th star to show it was slightly better than the first ( which I wish I could have rated in the negatives ) . If you want a decent no budget film , go pick up something from LBP 's " friends " over at Freak Productions like Marty Jenkins or even Raising the Stakes . Those are actually decent .
0 The bad news is it 's still really dreadful . I gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny.<br /><br />It 's supposed to be better than " Mulva , Zombie Ass Kicker " , and progress should be rewarded . Or maybe I was drinking heavily when I watched it and felt generous . Whatever , " 2 " it is.<br /><br />Maybe the best thing about this movie is that it 's over pretty quick . It takes elements from most of Kill Bill I & II 's key themes and fight scenes , hacks them up , dumbs them way down , dirties up the dialog , and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video.<br /><br />You'd best smoke a lot of something powerful if you want to enjoy this one . And get this DVD back to the video store on time ! You 'll really hate yourself if you have to pay a late fee .
0 This was a classic case of something that should never have been . Gloria was now a single mother , her husband had left her because she would n't live in some commune with him ( he was mad that Reagan had been elected and wanted to turn his back on society ) . Right then and there I had problems with the series - come on , I say to myself , is this the same noble Michael Stivic that countered Archie Bunker 's right winged philosophies ? The series went on , but it just did n't have any pizazz . Whatever momentum Sally Struthers gained from All the Family was long gone . Maybe , if the series had been given another name and presented as being totally independent of All In The Family , it might have worked out . Ah well , that 's show business .
0 Every generation fully believes it is living in the end times . This has been true for thousands of years now . And movies like this feed on this . How did they get the great Orson Welles to narrate this train wreck ? This is a documentary about the biblical prophecies of Armageddon . It tries to link the prophecies as well as it can to what was happening in the times it was made , making it obviously dated and kind of silly.<br /><br />The reenactments look like they are out of " Unsolved Mysteries " but without the high production values . People should have been embarrassed to take part in this.<br /><br />In short , the movie is dated , silly , reactionary , and useless . Good if you want a good laugh , but not good enough to actually look for .
0 Where can I begin . I heard this movie was coming out and I was very mad . I am a huge fan of the original Carlito 's Way and when I heard about this , I thought it would be just like almost all the other sequels that come out in Hollywood . I thought it would be bad . Boy was I wrong , this movie was much worse than I expected . Not saying all sequels are bad , but that s the problem with Hollywood these days , they make too many sequels and remakes and rush them . This was not a theater release , it is a DVD release . Still , in my opinion , there was no reason at all for this to be made . After I heard about this film was in progress , I then later heard Pacino was not in it . That right away killed any chance this movie had of being good . Why did I check this movie out then some of you may ask ? Well I had the opportunity to see it so I did . I do n't only watch movies that I have high expectations of , I had low expectations on this one obviously . I just wanted to see if it would have anything relevant in it . Now , if any of you reading this are a Carlito 's Way fan , you know a lot of the story in the first one has to do with him going to jail.<br /><br />*VERY MINOR SPOILER * I wo nt ruin anything , because this may actually make you not want to waste 2 hours watching this trash . All I will say is- in the end of Carlito 's Way 2 , we do n't see Carlito go to jail . Now , I do n't know about any of you , but I would have thought a prequel to Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail . I even had some interest in actually seeing what happened.<br /><br />Now , that s not my only problem with the film . The actor who played Carlito did not do too bad a job , but he could not have saved this film if he tried . There 's not even all those little things that should be thrown in there that Carlito 's Way fans would like . You do n't see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first one , I would have liked to see something like that . What is even worse , is Luis Guzman is in this film , yet he does n't play the same character he plays in the first film . Big mistake on their part , why cast the same actor for a different character , it made the movie worse than it already was.<br /><br />Bottom line , I am a Carlito 's Way fan , this new straight to DVD release is a disgrace . If you are a fan , do n't watch this movie coming in with high expectations . This movie did basically nothing for me , and it is definitely one movie I wo nt be picking up on DVD , or watching ever again .
0 This movie is terrible . Carlitos Way(1993 ) is a great film . Goodgfellas it is n't but its one of the better crime films done . This movie should be considered closer to THE STING Part2 or maybe speed Zone . Remember those gems ! The only reason this movie was made was to capitalize on the cult following of the original . This movie lacked everything De Palma , Pacino and Penn worked so hard on . There was n't a likable character and that is the fault of everyone responsible for making it . I hope RISE TO POWER wins every RAZZIE it possibly can and maybe even invent some new categories to allow it be a record holder . After I watched this S@*T FEST movie , I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get th bad taste out of my mouth . After watching this I wish Pachanga came and whacked me out of my misery .
0 This was just a terrible movie . It hurt me to watch it . Almost every action was unmotivated within the context of the movie , the acting was really poor ( P.Diddy was the best actor which really says something about the movie ) and the plot was generally predictable . Some links to Carlito 's Way were okay , for example his dream of one day moving to the Carribien , but on the whole they were weak . The love interest in my opinion was flat out wrong but hey that 's debatable . Anyways I really was n't expecting much before watching the movie and I guess you could say even those expectations were n't met . I feel bad for Jay Hernandez because he actually is a decent actor ( Friday Night Lights ) . He 's lucky though because I 'm sure there wo n't be too many people watching this movie . I generally give movies a decent rating if they spark my interest at all so I 'm gon na go ahead and give this one two stars . Better luck next time . And yes I did enjoy Carlito 's Way .
0 Wow ... what can I say ... First off IMDb says this is in the late 60s ... which means Carlito would be very close to going to prison , He got out in 75 and said he was in for 5 years . They used a bunch of nobody actors , and a story that did n't even make sense . They bring back only one actor , Guzman , and he s playing a totally different guy . Why did it end with him and this Puerto Rican chick ? Where s Gale ? He said he was in love with her before . Where s Kleinfeld ? He said he knew him forever ... You'd think he 'd have been in this one . And if this made sense , where are Rocco and the black dude in the first one ? It was all just stupid ... This is an insult to Pacino and the first film .
0 Why oh why do people take good material and feel the need to change it some how ? Having read the book on which this film is allegedly based a couple of years ago , I can say that there is little if anything from the original book . I went into this film with low expectations - i knew it would have a crappy telemovie feel to it - but it even failed to meet these.<br /><br />This is not a prequel - the only relationship it has with the original is the name . This is not the story of Carlito Brigante , it is the story of a totally different character who 's been given the same name . They have just totally spat in the face of every Carlito 's Way fan out there ; adding insult to injury by casting Luis Guzman , who plays a crucial character in the original movie , in a different role.<br /><br />What 's most disappointing is that now that this film has been made no other film will be made addressing the original , untouched material of the book Carlito 's Way - something I really would have liked to have seen . I felt the same way about Chopper - they have four books as well as interviews worth of fantastic non - fictional material and could have made a brilliant biography of Australia 's most feared underworld figure , instead they made a ho - hum film about a deranged but strangely pathetic small time crook ( though Eric Bana 's performance was spot - on ) . Now we will never get to see Carlito 's real initial rise and fall.<br /><br />The three stars is because , looking at it purely as a stand - alone flick , it is not so appalling - there are some decent performances ( Jay Hernandez is no Carlito but he could be good in other roles ) and the story is not too bad . Even Puffy Combs suits his role . But they totally misunderstand the nature of the underworld at that time ( I am a bit of a crime - non - fiction buff)- something which the original film and the books got right ( having been written by then attorney and now judge Edwin Torres).<br /><br />The fact is though , it 's not a stand alone - it 's perhaps the most disappointing prequel ever filmed .
0 Deceptive Advertising ... I saw a commercial for Carlitos Way : Rise to Power that states " From the Producer of Scarface and Carlito 's Way " LETS GET IT STRAIGHT ... Michael Bergman did not produce Scarface , in fact he was ' editing room assistant ' for Scarface . Not to take away from Bergman 's talent ... but in my opinion he should of had a little more class . I think I can speak for the masses when I say ... We hate being blatantly lied to . As far as the movie goes , It was poor at best . I did think Puff Daddy did a good job . Although , Luis Guzman should be ashamed for working on this film . Overall this film did not do a good job filling in the blanks for Carlito 's Way . It 's obvious this project was an attempt to make a quick buck rather a good film .
0 If you hit your head with a shovel , write the script with your feet , you may come close to the intelligence level of this movie . There is nothing in this movie that has n't been done a thousand times in other gangster flicks and done much better . Those who think " Scarface " was some kind of hero to be looked up to or saw " Goodfellas " , " Menace II Society " or " Dead Presidents " and thought MMM " That 's the life for me ! " will like this movie . I thought I 'd give the movie a chance , since the premise was perfect for a prequel . I should have known better after seeing Mario Van Peebles and Sean Combs were involved . Anyone above a 4th grade education , see the original with Pacino , a real actor , and be satisfied .
0 I 'm a big fan of Pacino movies . He 's one of , if not the best , actors of this genre . However , this movie could 've been a whole lot better even though it had a poor cast . All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante up until he went to jail . Instead it seemed like this was just one of many stories that could be told of Carlito . All or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered about in the original could 've been answered . As far as I 'm concerned , that s the only way you can make this movie . Instead we get this prequel that has almost NONE of the original characters in it , a character that plays a different part from the original ( horrible move ) , and a totally different love interest for Carlito . Do n't even get me started with Puffy . No way can I take that cat seriously as a gangsta after watching him dance in all his artists videos . Evertytime that dude opened his mouth I was waiting for him to start dancing . He made me laugh if anything . Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role . I thought he was gon na give a lackluster performance due to his recent history . He did rather well . He was probably the most " believable " out of the entire cast in my opinion . Jay Hernandez did his best but does n't have the skills right now in his career to take on this role . I appreciated his energy and his efforts though . Hard to follow up Pacino . The only way you could even have a clue about what kind of person Carlito was , is to watch the original . Otherwise , Carlito looks like a cold blooded killer in one scene then a spineless wimp in another . He was one of the baddest gangstas of his time but you would only see flashes of that in this movie . Maybe this is a pitiful way for Hollywood to try and make a 2nd prequel to cash in on this failure . Would n't surprise me.<br /><br />Overall , in my opinion , this movie fell well short or what it could 've been . The only reason I gave it a 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples earned some respect back with me . A serious director should 've taken this movie and actually put time into the story and turned it into an actual prequel . I 'm extremely disappointed that this movie was n't taken seriously . They would 've been better off making this into a mini - series on HBO and actually telling the story like the original suggests . At the end of the movie , they had the nerve to suggest that Carlito would have to come back to the city . HEEELLLLO .... thats the part everyone wants to see ! ! ! Then again , this is all just my opinion . I ca n't tell you how to waste your money .
0 I have to say this is one of the worst films I 've ever seen . They had a pretty good storyline to go on , but than the messed it up so badly . First of all the cast is all wrong , where did that van peeble(crap actor btw ) and puff daddy come from ? ? ? It looks like Carlito has come from the hood , and used to hang about with some real idiots . This film does n't do " Carlitos Way " any justice . I m so happy that the sequel " Carlito 's Way " came out first , if I had seen this rubbish first , I would have never given the pacino version a chance . And anyway , pacino is supposed to have read this story , thought it 's crap and did the sequel instead . Carlito 's Way : Rise to Power - 1 out of 10 . Carlito 's Way - 9 out of 10 .
0 This was so lame that I turned the DVD off ... maybe halfway through . It was so weak , I could n't even pay full enough attention to tell you how far in I made it . Though I really wanted to believe that the depiction of the young Carlito would be somewhat different , I just could n't buy it . I do n't really blame the actors , because I think it was the script that may have fallen flat . I did find myself laughing a few times , but I do n't think those lines were intended to be funny.<br /><br />It 's only saving grace is that I bought it in a 2 DVD set and I would have paid the price I did for the original alone . This is one of those cases when they should have let the classic stand alone .
0 Carlito Way , the original is a brilliant story about an ex - drug dealer who hopes to leave his criminal past and so he invests in a club and the deals with the trouble that comes with it.<br /><br />This film was .... <br /><br />I saw the trailer and knew instantly it was going to be bad .. But after dismissing films in the past and finding out they were great ( Lucky Number Slevin , Tokyo Drift) ... I gave this a shot and it failed within the first five minutes ... <br /><br />The script is something a teenager would come up with if given five minutes to prepare ... It was weak , with weaker dialogue . It seems there is an instant need for romance in a gangster movie . So Brigante decides to beat a guy up for the girl .... and she say 's ' Yes ! ' And if you need to act bad just throw racism around ... As we learn from the ' Italian mobsters' ... <br /><br />The acting was terrible to say the least ... I found ' Hollywood Nicky ' , hilarious.<br /><br />I absolutely hate all these musicians turning to movies . Lets face it the only reason P Diddy did this movie was so he could play a gangsters ... The actress who plays Leticia was weak but beautiful . The sex scene was weak but we got to see her .. which was okay ... <br /><br />But overall I expected it shed light on how Carito ended up in prison and the love of his life ... And the assassin towards the end completely added to the horrendous movie that is ... <br /><br />Carlito 's Way : Rise to Power ..
0 this film was totally not what i expected . < br /><br />if this film was called something else no one would even notice the difference between the two . < br /><br />its really strange because i can not see the point . the prequel and sequel lets just say do n't make sense , the do n't even match . maybe i am naive but ai n't a vol 1 & vol 2 meant to match up . < br /><br />carlito was in jail in the 1st one and dies in the original , and in the prequel he lives and do n't go jail . < br /><br />the plot was OK , but they should have changed round some actors and some of the story line and the name of the film and it would have been a good film .<br /><br />i really expected it to end like the other one started . < br /><br />if some one has a opinion on this post it please .
0 really awful ... lead actor did OK ... the film , plot etc was completely crap and inaccurate it may as well have been a sequel to well ... anything it had little or no relevance to Carlitos Way ... and should be avoided like the plague by any Carlito 's ways fans ... no mention of Gail in fact he ends up with some other bird , no mention of Klienfelt , no mention of how he got caught , no mention of how he ended up in jail ... they attempted to make it like the original with flash backs at the beginning ... but to be honest when rating it I was looking for a zero mark ... unfortunately I had to rate it higher ... <br /><br />Its a terrible attempt to cash in on what was one of the best films of the 90 's ... overall it was approximately £ 6 and 2 hours of my life wasted ... for all the " action " in it , it was truly boring slow and predictable ... again to any Carltio 's Way fans avoid this fiasco ...
0 This is just a butchering of a wonderful story by Edwin Torres . This movie does n't follow the storyline in the book . And , there are so many inconsistencies with the original movie that you have to wonder if the screenwriter had even seen the first movie.<br /><br />Al Pacino ( the original and still the best Carlito ) gets out of prison at the start of the original one . Here , Carlito retires with his woman in paradise . < br /><br />What happened to Gail from Lorain , Ohio ? In this installment , she is n't mentioned , and Carlito retires with and presumably will marry some other girl.<br /><br />Also , where is Kleinfeld ? I think he was in the first book.<br /><br />I also like how Mr. Guzman plays a totally different character in this film . He was Pachanga back in the Pacino days . Now , he is Nacho Reyes , a killer from Cuba . I remember that Nacho Reyes had a much bigger role in the book . < br /><br />It 's been a while since I read the book , but where did Sean Comb 's character come from ? Also , I think this movie really glosses over the racial tensions in Harlem that Torres was writing about . And , the mob does n't get the treatment that they did in the book . They are also wiped out in this movie . But , magically the Pleasant Avenue bunch is around for the second movie.<br /><br />The book told a great story . This movie could have told a great story . This is just a huge disappointment . Read the book . It 's a better use of your time .
0 I watched this movie and the original Carlitos Way back to back . The difference between the two is disgusting . Now i know that people are going to say that the prequel was made on a small budget but that never had anything to do with a bad script . Now maybe it 's just me , but i always thought that a prequel was made to go set up the other movie , starring key characters and maybe filling in a bit about life that we did n't know . Rise to Power is just a movie that has Carlito 's name . There should have been at least a few characters from the original movie , the ending makes no sense in relation to the original . In the end of this movie he retires with his sweet heart but how the hell do we get him coming out of prison in the next movie ? And his woman is n't even the same woman that he talks about as his only love in the original . I would say the movie is mildly entertaining in its self , with a few decent bits but it pales when held up to it 's big brother . Do n't lay awake at night waiting to see this , watch the original one more time if you really need a hit .
0 The movie and acting are not bad and Jay Hernandez does a good job playing Calito Brigante but the movie forgets it 's suppose to be a prequel to a hit movie . The makers of this prequel clearly did not watch the original Carlito 's Way or at least did not care about continuity . This movie is a prequel which means the original movie has already laid out some history for us and this movie should end where the original begins or at least lead up to it . Not one of Carlito 's close old friends from the original make an appearance in this movie , they 're not even mentioned . Luis Guzman , Pachanga in the original , is in the movie but he plays a completely different character . The original takes place in 1975 and the prequel takes place in 1969 - 70 . Considering this movie takes place less than 5 years earlier , would n't you think one of Carlito 's long time friends would make an appearance ? In the original , Carlito start 's out being released from jail after spending 5 years in jail . That 's only a few month 's between the end of the prequel and the start of the original ! * * * Semi Spoiler * * * We know from the beginning of the original , Carlito has spent 5 years in prison so when the prequel gives us this Hollywood happy ending it 's an insult to the intelligence of fans of the original . What happen to Gail ? It 's the lack of continuity that made this film go direct to video release .
0 This movie had potential and I was willing to give it a try but there are so many timeline problems that are so obvious - it 's hard to swallow being treated like such an idiot.<br /><br />Rise to Power is set in the late sixties . Carlito 's Way is set in the mid to late seventies . For this movie to be realistic , it would have to be set in the fifties , if not the late forties.<br /><br />Rise to Power has no sign of Gail ( Pennelope Ann Miller ) , no sign of Kleinfeld , no sign of Rolando that Carlito supposedly ran with in his " hey - day " . None of the primary characters in the original film were in this movie . We 're supposed to believe that Carlito met all these people in the span of a few years.<br /><br />Rise to Power ends with Carlito walking down the beach talking about retiring in paradise which is what he wanted to do in the original film . Also , the pre - quel creates the Rocco and Earl characters - what 's supposed to happen with them since they are clearly not in Carlito 's Way ? It 's also hard to understand how Carlito could have the relationship with the Italians he has in the original film watching the events of Rise to Power . Where are the Taglialucci 's in this film ? There is probably seven years between the two films and he spends five of them in prison . It 's like trying to put a square plug into a round hole.<br /><br />It is obvious that no one was interested in telling a good story and that they were more interested in making some bucks by making an average gangster film and throwing a character called Carlito Brigante into the story . The film had some good moments but I think they would have been better off leaving this movie to stand by itself instead of trying to make it a prequel to Carlito 's Way.<br /><br />If you feel determined to see this movie , the only advice I can give is to not think of the movie as a linear pre - quel . Think of it like the spaghetti westerns with Clint Eastwood 's man with no name , in other words two movies that have the same character but are n't necessarily connected with each other .
0 Quote : theurgist : Anyone with an I.Q. over 50 would have seen this film what it is , an intelligent well acted prequel to a modern day classic , yes it does n't have a blockbuster cast or a huge budget BUT it is still very well done and had me hooked for the full duration.<br /><br />An I.Q. over 50 you say .. that most mean you have an I.Q. lower than 50 .. its name is CARLITOS WAY : Rise to power ! ! ! meaning it should have something whit the first one to do .. < br /><br />all and all its a OK movie if .. YOU CHANGE THE TITLE AND NO CHARACTERS NAMED CARLITO BRIGANTE!!!<br /><br />P.s do n't comment on a movie if you do n't know anything about movies . but i guess an I.Q. under 50 , , you wo nt know what the hell i am yelling about ... <br /><br />Peace out ! !
0 This movie is a bad attempt to make original fans feel complete . The one thing people have forgotten is the fact that the reason the original won such acclaim , was strictly do to the fact that it was supposed to make you feel incomplete.<br /><br />This movie makes me want to go to the washroom . I am not a negative type of guy , but man the acting in this flick is .... no comment . The plot was a bad reflection of the life of Carlito Brigante and I am sorry to have had two hours of my time and my money wasted on this flick . I still love the original and will do my best not to let this movie ruin my opinion about it .
0 Soon after watching this film you will realize why it did n't even make it to the theaters ! This movie does not deserve the " prequel " tag . Instead this is a common theme in Hollywood , rip off previously good movies with disastrous prequels , sequels , etc.<br /><br />This film 's plot was bouncing all over the place like a ping pong ball , and the character development was non - existent . I seriously felt like I was watching a comedy at some points in the movie because the acting was so bad . P Diddy needs to stop tainting movies with his horrible acting , he actually made me laugh every time.<br /><br />The only good thing that comes out of this movie is Jaclyn DeSantis , who looks excellent in this movie and actually brought some enjoyment from watching this film.<br /><br />If you are a big Carlito 's Way fan , I recommend you not watch this . If you decide to watch it anyway then treat this movie as if it ripped off the original , because that is exactly what it did .
0 Last night I decided to watch the prequel or shall I say the so called prequel to Carlito 's Way - " Carlito 's Way : Rise to Power ( 2005 ) " which went straight to DVD ... no wonder ..... it completely ... and I mean completely S%&KS ! ! ! waist of time watching it and I think it would be a pure waist of time writing about it .... I do n't understand how De Palma agreed on producing this sh#t - fest of a movie .... except for only one fact that I tip my hat to ... Jay Hernandez who plays the young Brigante .... reminded me how De Niro got into the shoes of Brando to portray the young Don Corleone in Godfather II ... but the difference De Niro was amazing and even got an Oscar for it ! ! ! Jay Hernandez well he has guts for trying to be a young Pacino .... too bad for him I do n't think he will be playing in film anymore and by the way after I watched this sh#$%ty movie , I sat down and watched the original Carlitos way to get the bad taste out of my mouth .
0 I will never forget the wit and great comedy of the ORIGINAL Vacation movie ! The lines , pacing , and timing of events in that film are outstanding ! However , this European Vacation sequel is a major let down.<br /><br />In this sequel , the Griswalds win a European Vacation on a game show . The problem is that many of the jokes in the film are little more than mild , " ha - ha " laughs . For example , a Flight Attendant on an airplane asks Clark , " Do you want your Coke in the Can ? " Clark answers back , " No , I 'll have it right here . " That 's really about the only line that is funny in this film.<br /><br />European Vacation 's humor is strained . As if the writers borrowed all the jokes from the first movie , tried to re - hash a script that had been done before , and relied on a ridiculous slap - stick chase scene sequence toward the end of the picture just to kill time.<br /><br />Worse , the natural comic standouts like Randy Quaid as Cousin Eddie and the original kids who played Rusty and Audrey from the first movie so well are nowhere to be found . Their replacements are not funny , ca n't act , and just look like they are going through the motions most of the time . There are also a few crude sex jokes and comments that are not only not funny , they are in bad taste.<br /><br />The Griswald 's should have stayed in Wally World . The place that made them legends ! Do n't join them on this European dreadful adventure . Viewers should re - watch the original Vacation movie in place of this ! You 'll be glad you did .
0 Any movie with " National Lampoon " in the title is absolutely guaranteed to die a death in London , England , Paris , France , Rome , Italy , and anywhere in Germany . It may be an institution in the U.S. but it is practically unknown in Europe to the larger audience."National Lampoon 's European Vacation " is unlikely to rectify that situation . The appalling Griswalds are just that - appalling . They are not funny . Clearly Mr Chevy Chase thinks he 's funny , after all Miss B.di Angelo laughs a lot at his jokes , but she 's getting paid for it and did n't have to fork out £ 2.50 for the privilege . The section set in England is typical . The same old same old TV performers , Messrs Idle , Smith , Coltrane , Miss M.Lippman trot out the same old same old tired clichés , Mr Chase gets lost in the hotel corridor .... yawn , yawn , yawn .. Bucking - ham Palace , Big Ben ...... I feel cheated that we never saw bobbies on bicycles two - by - two ......... rosie red cheeks on the little chil - dren , need I go on ? The English are buffoons , the French vicious - tongued Yank - haters . The Germans pompous and puffed up,(don't mention the war , Clark),and the Italians lecherous bottom - pinchers . Have I forgotten anything ? Every possible " comic " situation is worked to death , Mr Chase gurns desperately , Miss di Angelo dimples sweetly , the children are embarrassingly bad . The fact that this franchise ran as long as it did must bring comfort to those who propound that you never lose money by underestimating public taste .
0 Some amusing humor , some that falls flat , some decent acting , some that is quite atrocious . This movie is simply hit and miss , guaranteed to amuse 12 year old boys more than any other niche.<br /><br />The child actors in the movie are just unfunny . When you are making a family comedy , that does tend to be a problem . Beverly D'Angelo rises above the material to give a funny , and dare I say it , human performance in the midst of this mediocrity .
0 John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedies in the ' 80s . " European Vacation " is not one of them . The follow - up to Hughes ' first big hit " Vacation " ( 1983 ) , is about as predictable , unfunny and annoying as they come -- no matter how much you love the dumb but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold ( Chase and D'Angelo).<br /><br />I greatly enjoyed " Vacation " as well as the third film , 1989 's " Christmas Vacation , " but the Griswold 's trip to Europe is bland and forced . Perhaps because this was Hughes ' first attempt at a sequel that he did n't get it , but it 's really dumbfounding how uninspired and devoid of a story " European Vacation " is . There is no through story : the Griswolds win a game show for being " greedy little pigs " and go on a tour of Europe through England , France , Germany and Italy . Even the screwball physical humor that is the trademark of the first loses all effect because you see it coming , which is part director Amy Heckerling 's fault . The " Fast Times at Ridgemont High " director sets everything up too predictably.<br /><br />Maybe it was Hughes taking a cheap shot because he was put up to the sequel . " European Vacation " takes great pride in insulting Americans ( recall the greedy little pig game show they win ) , especially tourists , represented by the cornball Griswold family . It also pats itself on the back implicitly saying " oh us Griswolds , we 're always getting into something because our dad is an idiot . " Then in nearly comic fashion it ends with a tribute to America and how grateful the Griswolds are to return to such a better country . If Hughes was going for satire and meant to do it in the form of a bad movie , well maybe I should award this 8/10 stars.<br /><br />It 's not just the unfunniness , but " European Vacation " boasts the two worst actors to play kids Rusty and Audrey ( Jason Lively and Dana Hill ) . They 're both annoying and obnoxious , with the unattractive and loud - mouthed Audrey blubbering about the boyfriend she 's left behind nearly the entire film . Hughes even goes as far as to have her comment about missing him right as she observes a giant bratwurst . Quite tasteful . Speaking of , breasts are flashed in two different scenes for no good reason ( unless it was to comment on Americans ' love of gratuitous nipples in their comedies).<br /><br />I will give the film one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew , whose cameo at a few different points in the film where he recites lines directly from " Holy Grail " is about the funniest part . If Hughes intended for us to find one of the film 's only non- American actors as the only funny part , then another tip of the hat to him for ripping open the underbelly of Hollywood comedy in the ' 80s . Still , would it have hurt for him to do that while making it entertaining ?
0 The second in the Vacation series is easily the least enjoyable one , as Clark Griswold wins a trip for the whole family to Europe.<br /><br />The tasteless , below the belt humor that worked so well the first time around is practically nonexistent here . That fault surely lies with director Hackerling , who 's obviously nowhere near as good a director as Harold Ramis and a very uninspiring script that has only a handful of decent lines scattered around.<br /><br />The cast does what they can ; Chevy Chase injects some form of life into the proceedings but it 's simply not enough and the very funny Eric Idle is completely wasted in a small role as a very unlucky Englishman . Some potentially hilarious moments are n't played out to their full potential and leave the viewer mostly aggravated . All depictions of Europeans are one - dimensional and almost universally not funny at all ( like how the English are SOOO polite).<br /><br />Apart from a few scenes , there 's hardly a laugh in sight and the ending turn this one into complete slapstick . But if you 're a Chevy Chase fan ( like myself ) the film is watchable , but no more than that .
0 The goofy Griswalds win the T.V. game show " pig in a poke " grand prize , and all fly off together to Europe where they manage to cause one stupid disaster after another . Of all the ridiculous , unfunny money - spinning sequels this one beats the lot . Harold Ramis ' 1983 film was a below average misadventure in which the misfit family went on a nightmarish " Vacation " across the States . This time Amy Heckerling ( " Look Who 's Talking " ) helms what turns out to be a disastrous " comedy " which will annoy you more than it will make you laugh.<br /><br />Hughes script ( with Rob Klane ) is awful and you wonder why the likes of Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo bothered with such a dead - beat project , as even Anthony Michael Hall and Imogene Coca had the sense to decline the offer . Even an omnipotent Michael Palin is unable to lift proceedings to any level that one could call entertaining.<br /><br />Yet , as inconceivable as it may seem , " European Vacation " was successful enough to warrant a second sequel ! Surely it could n't be as unbearable as this one . You know , I have yet to see a National Lampoon show that was worth the bother.<br /><br />Monday , December 26 , 1994 - T.V.
0 European Vacation ( aka National Lampoon 's European Vacation ) is the weakest of the Vacation films ( the first and third one the most superior of the films ) . While Chevy Chase and Beverly D'Angelo return as Clark and Ellen Griswold ( with new actors in the roles of Russ and Audrey Griswold ) , this time they are given a weaker script with very bad dialogue . This causes the pacing to suffer , with the jokes not very funny at all . To be more specific , what really causes this film to suffer is the fact that the " jokes " as they are , are just pasted together into a cobbled - together script ) , rather than serving a central plot as the other 3 Vacation films have . Oh well , they ca n't win them all . 4 out of 10 .
0 Read on and take note - you could save 88 minutes of your life ( was that all!).<br /><br />Unremittingly bleak , this film sets out to produce ( I 'm guessing ) a modern small town American Christmas fable in the Capra style . If fails .... completely and absolutely fails . I 've been trying to think of one good thing about it and ca n't . Let me mention some of the highlights ... < br /><br />People do n't die , they get to spend eternity as immigrant workers in Santa 's factory . Angels are actually ex - cowboys who sit in trees . Santa can bring people back from the dead ( if you send him a nice letter ) . < br /><br />And the plot .. I wo n't spoil it for you but there has to be some light in films if only to contrast with the darkness but there is n't any . Even the photography is bleak - snow shown at the end of a freeze , everywhere looking cold , damp and miserable . < br /><br />As you might guess , the film has a happy ( schmaltzy ) ending . What a relief !
0 This was the WORST Christmas movie I ever saw . I took my two small children to see this . It was the darkest , most dismal plot- family has no money , mom loses her job , father gets killed in the bank , bank robber steals family car with both kids in the back and after high speed chase , drives off the bridge and drowns them in the river . Mom is left all alone . No wonder her Christmas spririt is gone . Christmas angels do not rescue children that have drowned , and Santa does not bring back dead fathers ! I thought this was the WORST message to send children . Better to tell them that there is NO Santa than show them a movie like this ! !
0 First of all , let me say that this is not the movie for people looking to watch something spirited and joyous for the holidays . This movie is cold , brutal , and just downright depressing . Mary Steenburgen plays a grinchy mom who is down on Christmas because her husband has lost his job , they are losing their house , ca n't buy Christmas presents for the kids , etc . You get the idea , happy stuff for the holidays . So along comes Harry Dean Stanton as Gideon the Christmas angel , who in his dark hat and long overcoat comes off more like a pedophile who hangs around children all day observing them . What better way to instill the spirit of Christmas in Mary Steenburgen than to kill off her family and then offer to bring them back if she believes in Christmas again . Santa Claus is a blackmailer and his Christmas workshop looks more like a haven for refugee Nazis on the lam . The movie lays everything on so thick that you do n't care about the happy ending when it comes because the rest of the movie is so bitter and unbelievable . I 'm sure this film wanted to be something Capra - like , but it left out the joy and sentiment on what a holiday film should be .
0 Sorry , but I will spoil both the plot line and the ending for you in hopes of avoiding a holiday fiasco like the one that I now face . The father dies and the mother asks Santa in a letter to bring him back to the family for Christmas, ... and Santa does . Dad is peachy , happy healthy and totally unaware of the fact that he had died . All ends syrupy sweet.<br /><br />But as a parent who recently watched my five year - old lose his best canine friend , it was a horror flick . Now my son is convinced that all he has to do to bring his buddy back is to ask Santa ! Do not underestimate the willpower of a young heart- no amount of persuasion will convince him that it was only a movie and that his dog is NOT coming back for Christmas . It has been heart breaking to watch his joy only to know that Christmas Eve he will have to face his loss afresh.<br /><br />Shame on you on behalf of all the believers that have lost a loved one recently . It is hard enough to deal with the loss one time for a child , but there are some wishes that we should n't even portray as a possibility .
0 I thought this was one of the most depressing holiday movies I have ever seen -- the others being THE Christmas WIFE and JACK FROST . All three movies are about death . If you LIKE being thoroughly depressed , then by all means watch this film or any of the others . In this film , the acting is good and some of the scenery ( apart when people are dying ) is lovely . But , I am worried that a clinically depressed person might accidentally see the film and do themselves in ! Despite a " happily ever after " ending , the major portion of this film is one awful disaster following another . And , for some crazy reason , I DON'T WANT TO BE DEPRESSED when I watch a Christmas movie ( I know this sounds crazy folks -- after all , is n't bawling your eyes out and feeling miserable what the holidays are all about anyway?).<br /><br />For a more uplifting viewing experience , try the forgotten HOUSE WITHOUT A Christmas TREE , George C. Scott 's Christmas CAROL or A Christmas STORY instead -- unless of course you like being miserable .
0 My spouse & I found this movie to be very schlocky . It started out good , but quickly got unbelievable & ridiculous . Most of the acting was poor , with the exception of the little girl , Abbie , who really was terrific . In addition , the dialog was predictable & lame - especially Gideon , the Angel 's . Also , without giving away anything , when one of the characters has a tragedy , she almost appears nonchalant . At first we thought it was ' shock ' , but then we realized that it was just a terrible script . We love almost all of the Hallmark movies & their heart - warming stories , but this movie does n't rise to the occasion of being one . There are so many great ones - do n't waste your time with this horrible movie .
0 I 'm not usually given to hyperbole , but after seeing over two decades worth of Academy Awards , I can honestly say that this year 's awards show was the most disgraceful example of poor direction , total cruelty , and sheer stupidity that I 've ever had the misfortune to witness . I 'm not talking about the awards themselves- as usual , there is plenty to argue about when you tally up who won , who lost , and who never even got nominated , but the process is as it 's always been and is as fair as it 's liable to be . What is terribly UNfair is the treatment both the " stars " and " non - stars " received at the hands of Cates and Horvitz , in the name of " reducing boredom." < br /><br />It is bad enough that for the last several years anyone who is n't Al Pacino has been " played off " at 45 seconds without any regard for what he was saying , how he was saying it , and what the emotion was behind the statement . It demonstrates nothing more than a total lack of respect , however , to herd nominees on the stage like cattle without paying them the honor of showing their faces while their names are read , to make them slink away quietly when they lose , to deny them the thrill of a walk to the podium , and to force them to read their statements with their backs to the audience . All of those things were done to the " non - stars " -never mind that the movies would n't exist at all without those artists and that most of them only ever get one chance to face their peers and their audience . < br /><br />The stars did n't fare much better . It 's becoming more sad than funny when winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have to beg for a few extra seconds for their speeches . Chris Rock , as host , was neither as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy had hoped , nor nearly as funny as he could be . His opening remarks were almost ( but not quite ) as offensive as Sean Penn made them out to be , and his comments during the show were more innocuous than interesting . Of course , he could hardly be blamed when it was clear that was being kept on as short a leash as any host has . In the end , Chris Rock was something he 's almost never been before : a non - entity.<br /><br />Even the musical numbers were handled poorly . Beyonce sang well , but there was simply no reason why she should have been featured in three out of the five songs . Another example of utter disrespect for an artist was giving Jorge Drexler 's nominated song to Antonio Banderas- even though Drexler was present and clearly would n't have minded singing his own song , based on his winning " speech . " < br /><br />The efforts of Cates and Horvitz to make the show shorter and faster may have worked to a degree , but what resulted was a show devoid of life . We 've all whined about the overlong speeches given by people we do n't know , about the overblown production , about the self - congratulatory quality . But this is THEIR night- not ours . What is meant to be a celebration has become an insult to the people being celebrated . Cates and Horvitz should , frankly , be ashamed .
0 Seriously the only good thing about this year ceremony were the winners.<br /><br />Although the ceremony itself was pretty short it still was somewhat boring . I think it 's seriously time to look for a new director and producers for the show , who can come up with something REALLY new . It 's pretty obvious that they tried to make the show more ' hip ' and appealing for a younger audience this year by letting Beyonce perform and letting P. Diddy and Prince present a category . Also letting Chris Rock be the presenter was an attempt to re - new the ceremony and make it more appealing . None of it really worked out.<br /><br />Sure , Chris Rock is a funny guy but he was n't really a good presenter . I really merely saw him as a guy who just talked every now and then in between of the different categories . His presence was n't really as ' big ' as for instance Billy Crystal's.<br /><br />Also the handing out of the awards was pretty dumb at times . Not letting everybody come to the stage but also handing out some of the awards in the middle of the theater was plain weird.<br /><br />Still , I ca n't remember being any more satisfied with the award winners . None of the movies really swept away the awards as the last couple of years always had been the case . So does that mean it had been a good year for movies with lots of competitive contestants ? I do n't think so . I think most of the movies will be largely forgotten in 20 years from now , with the exception of " Million Dollar Baby " and " The Passion of the Christ " maybe . Sure I do n't agree with every single award that was handed out this year , for instance Caleb Deschanel should had won for best cinematography , not that I do n't like Robert Richardson 's work , he really did some amazing work for most of Oliver Stone 's work but I really feel that Deschanel deserved the award way more . Also I would had liked seeing Jim Miller and Paul Rubell win for best editing and John Debney for best music . But oh well , there is no way the Academy Awards can please everybody of course , I understand that . There will always be people complaining about the winners.<br /><br />It also was funny to see that most of the award presenters were way more nervous than the nominees and winners . Did Prince said any of the nominees names right at once ? And were is Sean Penn 's sense of humor ? Al Pacino and Jeremy " I hope they missed " Irons were the best presenters of the night.<br /><br />Overall a very forgettable show but with nice winners.<br /><br />4/10
0 I firmly believe that the best Oscar ceremony in recent years was in 2003 for two reasons : < br /><br />1 ) Host Steve Martin was at his most wittiest : " I saw the teamsters help Michael Moore into the trunk of his limo " and " I 'll better not mention the gay mafia in case I wake up with a poodle 's head in my bed " < br /><br />2 ) Surprise winners : No one had Adrien Brody down for best actor ( Genuine applause ) or Roman Polanski for best director ( Genuine jeers and boos ) but they won < br /><br />Last year 's award ceremony was n't too bad but there was little in the way of surprises and I was happy to see RETURN OF THE KING sweep the awards even if it was n't the best in the trilogy ( FELLOWSHIP was much better ) but what let the BBC coverage down was Jonathan Ross getting a few of his sycophantic mates round and pretending they were hilarious when they were anything but . So when I heard Sky were doing the coverage for British TV I was expecting Barry Norman and Mark Kermode to be doing the links , but instead we ended up with Jamie Theakston and Sharon Osbourne ! Oh gawd if British TV are desperate for film critics ( Obviously they are ) I 'm sure both Bob The Moo and Theo Robertson will happily fly over to LA to give their honest opinions on the winners and losers < br /><br />Chris Rock was n't too bad , but he 's no Steve Martin while the location seemed to resemble a sports hall with seats put in ! Not much of a glitzy arena in my opinion . The main problem I had with the ceremony was the format with the " minor " Oscars handed out to the winners who were sitting in their seats ! There 's no such thing as a " minor " Oscar and just because the award is for Best Animated Short or Best Costume Design they 're as well deserved as Best Picture or Best Director . All the winners should be allowed to march up to the podium . What a bunch of arrogant snobs the Academy are becoming and I quite agree with the comments that this format is disgraceful and if it was n't for the surprises this could possibly have been the worst ceremony in history . As for the awards themselves < br /><br />Best Supporting Actress - Cate Blanchett . No great surprise for a competitive category < br /><br />Best Supporting Actor - Morgan Freeman . No real complaints since Freeman is one of America 's greatest living character actors < br /><br />Best Actor - Jamie Foxx . Most predictable award of the night . Yawn < br /><br />Best Actress - Hilary Swank . Major surprise since everyone thought Annette Benning was going to win simply down to academy politics but Swank did deserve it and gave the best speech of the night < br /><br />Best Director - Clint Eastwood . Major surprise since everyone thought Scorsese was going to get the award simply because he 'd never won one . Actually I 'm glad about this because if he did n't deserve it for TAXI DRIVER , RAGING BULL or GOODFELLAS he did n't deserve it for THE AVIATOR < br /><br />Best Film - MILLION DOLLAR BABY . Again another major surprise since everyone thought the academy would split the awards for best director and best picture while I thought the Hollywood friendly plot of THE AVIATOR would have made it a dead cert for Best Picture while MDB 's controversial subject matter would have turned a lot of voters off < br /><br />What these awards perhaps illustrate is that this year the voters have decided to ignore Oscar politics and genuinely give out awards to people who deserve it something they have n't done in the past , I mean A BEAUTIFUL MIND beating THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING for gawd 's sake ! And long may the academy vote with their heads instead of their hearts
0 Like last year , I did n't manage to sit through the whole thing . Okay , so Chris Rock as a host was a good choice because he was vaguely engaging . Or rather , out of all the total bores packed into the theatre , he at least was n't in the Top 10 Most Boring . A lot of the presenters , on the other hand , were in this coveted Top 10 . I had n't known that the whole thing had been done by autocue ( although I knew it was scripted ) but it was really terrible to see these supposedly good actors unable to insert expression , look away from the cue and stumble over simple words ( Natalie Portman  if there 's no director , she 's gone ) . The Night of Fancy Dresses and Boring Speeches was long and tedious , Beyonce Knowles butchered some good songs and there were very few decent acceptance speeches and clips . Adam Sandler wins the Worst Presenter award.<br /><br />For helping me write this review I 'd like to thank my Mum , my Dad , my lawyers and my pedicurist for all believing in me , and I 'd like to point out that I have a high metabolism and of course I have n't been starving myself for a month . I 'm not going to cry ... thank you .
0 This one acts as a satire during the women 's rights movement era . Of course , that does n't mean COACH ( the movie ) is a wonderful experience to behold . It runs into the same vein as FASTBREAK ( which was better , but still tame ) , and is basically standard fare fluff . What I mean for this movie being uninteresting is simple to recognize . Anybody who serves time away from a normal job by training a bunch of lunatics earning their way to sudden victory makes waste . It 's the same feeling you may get after watching this . A nice attempt at casting the opposite sex for a man 's duty , but I expected better things .
0 I watched this movie when I was a young lad full of raging hormones and it was about as sexy a movie as I had ever seen - or ever was to see . It may not have been a great movie . My guess is it was n't . I do n't really remember much about it , to tell you the truth . I only remember the sexual chemistry between Crosby and Biehn . No woman in ANY movie has ever done it for me as the unbelievably sexy Cathy did in this movie . I have n't seen it since that first time I caught it on TV in the 70s and I do n't think I 'd want to see it again since I 'm sure it would be a disappointment - my hormones are n't as raging and I 've become more jaded over the years . Still , when I think back on the shower scene I can still remember how great it felt way back when.<br /><br />Added later : After watching the movie again , I discovered that it 's dangerous to go home again . What was once erotic is now pretty tame . The older woman - younger man thing still works for me , just not as much as it once did , probably because I 'm no longer a 12-year - old . That older woman is now younger than I am . Also , the amateurishness of the whole thing was n't perceived by my twelve - year - old mind . < br /><br />Moral : Sometimes it 's better not to revisit the past .
0 This movie is about a very sexy Olympic track star who is hired to coach a high school boys ' basketball team . Similar to Goldie Hawn 's WILDCATS , it stars Cathy Lee Crosby in the title role , and she does as about as well as the script allows . I think Racquel Welch would have been a better choice , but considering the film 's apparent TV movie budget , they probably could n't afford her . Cathy Lee does look great in every shot , but we never get to see her completely nude . The story is pretty predictable , to say the least , offering no surprises . A young and lucky Michael Biehn has the male lead role . He is the star on the team and also the love interest for Cathy Lee . Keenan Wynn has a few amusing scenes as the rich old man who runs the athletic program and does n't think a woman should coach sports . This point is brought up throughout the film , and , needless to say , is dated . Ironically , Cathy Lee does n't put her team through any unorthodox practice sessions ; she does n't do anything a male coach would n't do . There is a funny subplot involving a tall and not - so - bright player who undergoes hypnosis in order to pass his classes and play like pro basketball player Sydney Wicks . It looks like everyone had a good time making this film , but the only real reason to see it is for Cathy Lee Crosby . She 's not that great an actress , but she has a dazzling smile , beautiful hair , and a very tan body .
0 A high school principal ( Keenan Wynn ) with a losing basketball team unwittingly hires a coach who turns out not only to be a gorgeous blond woman ( Cathy Lee Crosby ) but a catalyst for their new winning ways . Are you really surprised ? Along the way a romance grows between the coach and the team 's star player Jack ( Michael Biehn ) . The police are never notified.<br /><br />Packaged along with other Crown International Pictures as a grindhouse movie really does this film no service . This can easily be edited into a television movie of the week . Cathy Lee Crosby looks great as coach Randy Rawlings especially in her skimpy outfits but I expected more than mere titillation from an R - rated film . A side plot involving a dorky center who is hypnotized by his teammates into thinking he is former NBA player Sydney Wicks is the actual reason for the team 's new success rather than Cathy Lee 's coaching . Too much tease and not enough sleaze makes this a major disappointment .
0 I found the DVD version of this movie at a rummage sale . The basic premise is an affair between a teacher / coach a student . The acting is weak and the plot razor thin.<br /><br />This movie had all the depth and plot development of an adult film .
0 Seemingly intended to be a thriller of a movie winds up being almost laughable . It prompted me to exclaim " Oh my God ! " more than once at the convoluted contrivances of plot that were just plain silly.<br /><br />Fanciful or absurd locations just for the sheer novelty or dramatic situation and improbable , near impossible , human reactions and circumstances are too much to be comprehended as to why they exist.<br /><br />If you have the time and wish to discover just how bad a picture can be then you will want to see this one . Otherwise dedicate some time into watching some paint dry for a more productive investment of time!<br /><br />(That a film released in 2003 is already being shown on TV in July 2003 might give an indication of the film 's quality )
0 There is one good thing in this movie : Lola Glaudini 's ass ! Sorry to be so blunt but it 's the truth . Too bad she did n't do a nude . It would at least have made this mess tolerable . We see another chick 's boobs but she 's nowhere near Lola . And man , is Armand Assante old or what ? The man looks like crap ! " Consequence " is the usual B - Movie you would expect . The story had potential . It 's like they had good ideas but did n't know how to execute them . The cinematography is just plain awful . Ugly ! The directing is uninspired and the end result is a bland thriller with lame twists and washed up actors . Lola Gaudini is great as the vixen in a cheap , slutty way but not even she saves " Consequence " from being trash and not funny trash , just plain old stinking trash .
0 I saw this film a while ago on a Video CD.<br /><br />I will 1st mention the good points.<br /><br />The movie , at first , at least tries to appear that it is not biased , like not showing one character as black and the other as white . Both main characters are friends and co - exist very well in an country and economy that is not booming while at the same time not failing . Their families get together and have parties and they practice their favorite sport , Sport Rifle shooting , as comrades not as competitors.<br /><br />But , after the 1st 15 minutes the plot runs into a fork in the road . The audience is expected to believe that for some unknown reason these friends must hate each other . That for some unknown reason Bosnia is now on a path to conflict . Sure , the script adds in TV footage which the characters appear to be watching live news programs in English , but the clips are from 1993 not 1992 when the war began.<br /><br />The history , the 1990 elections , the people who caused the war are not mentioned . The movie tries to place the blame with Karadzic , who had been a Presidential candidate and leader of the Bosnian Parliament 's 2nd Largest Party(SDP ) . According to the Constitution of Bosnia , the SDP was to have the Presidency in 1992 , but there was a Coup in January . The Bosnian Islamic Democratic Action Party seized total control and held a segregated referendum in March in which it declared itself the law in Bosnia and announced Secession.<br /><br />The history of the IDAP begins with Bosnian Muslim Alija Izetbegovic , a man suspiciously absent from " STtH " . He was a student of Nazism in WW2 . He even wrote his own " Mein Kampf " in which he stated : " It is not in fact possible for there to be any peace or coexistence between ' the Islamic Religion ' and non - Islamic social and political institutions".<br /><br />In 1990 he lost the IDAP elections to " pro - Yugoslavia Moderate " Fikret Abdic , a Bosnian Muslim , that worked with Christian Serbs during the Civil War , and who treated his supporters like brothers . Abdic was prevented from taking power by Izetbegovic , who lost the elections but seized the seat of power.<br /><br />The events from above are missing from the movie , but they are the factual events that lead to the war.<br /><br />There were problems with props too . Serb soldiers in the movie were wearing Soviet WW2 helmets , which they did not use . Also the one soldier was holding an M-1944 WW2 rifle only used by USSR not Yugoslavia.<br /><br />The Director and Script Writers had a chance , but they chose to re - write history .
0 This is an anti - Serb propaganda film made for TV.<br /><br />"The Muslims are good ; the Orthodox Christian Serbs are BAD . " < br /><br />That 's the message.<br /><br />Using " entertainment " to get across a propaganda message is nothing new.<br /><br />This movie lays it on thick.<br /><br />And apparently many viewers and reviewer lap it up.<br /><br />I know better.<br /><br />The Serbs , under General Draza Milhalovitch and his Chetniks , saved over 500 shot - down US fliers from the Germans in World War II.<br /><br />Churchill decided to betray Milhalovitch and put British backing behind communist Tito . Roosevelt followed suit and as a result , after the war ended Yugoslavia was delivered over to communist Tito.<br /><br />And US ally Milhalovitch has been smeared by the media ever since.<br /><br />This movie is part of the anti - Serb propaganda campaign engineered by George Soros and his International Crisis Group ( ICG ) which culminated in the Kosovo " War , " in which Serbia was bombed by NATO because of totally false claims by the ICG of " mass graves " in Kosovo filled with " victims " of the nasty Serbs . The fact that there were no such mass graves and the Albanians ( Muslims ) had no business being in Serbia 's Kosovo are facts that most of the media wo n't print.<br /><br />I chose this movie to watch because the one - sentence description on the video cover looked interesting.<br /><br />Imagine my disgust when I discovered I had been fooled into renting another branch of the propaganda machine aimed at Serbia.<br /><br />Instead of this propaganda someone should make a movie about the unwillingness of the Clinton Administration to come clean with the Congress and with the American people about its complicity in the delivery of weapons from Iran to the Muslim government in Sarajevo.<br /><br />I wo n't hold my breath waiting for such a movie .
0 Previous comment made me write this . It says that Muslims are blonde and Serbs are dark ( because our blood is mixed ) . This comment just says that this opinion can be made by racist . Look , race is nothing . I'm color blind . I look like Pierce Brosnan but I 'm no Irish . So what?I might add that I am not 100 % Serb , that I have some Austrian and Croat blood within me but what s the point . I'm dark , half - breed?Is that so ? Anyone using racial prejudices with such bad intent like Lantos(producer9and director is racist for me . Karadzhic , Izetbegovich , Milosevic , Tudjman they are all monsters and I blame them for destroying my life , my family , my country , Yuggoslavia . Hope they will be all in hell but that wo nt return our dead relatives back . I am proud of being Serb and I am proud of my cousins , Austrians , Croats , Muslims , Hungarians , Arabs ( yes I am from Serbia and I have multiethnical family).This movie does n't show sufferings of Serbs or Croats within Sarayevo , terrible terrorism of street gangs , Muslim extremism . I add : I kneel and pray for all innocent sisters and brothers Muslim , catholic or orthodox , killed in this war . This film is manipulation with our misery , false humanitarianism 's which does n't help at all . It helps Lantos to fill his pockets with more doe , alright !
0 Bamboo House of Dolls ( 1973 , 1974 or 1977 , various years are given for this title ) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Hung Kuei 's ( Killer Snakes , Boxer 's Omen , Payment in Blood etc . ) women in prison flick produced by the legendary Shaw Brothers . Yes , even they got their hands into low exploitation sickies like this , and Bamboo is definitely among the worse attempts of the whole genre , even when compared to the Western attempts that usually pale in comparison with the Eastern films!<br /><br />The story is about a Japanese war camp in which the Chinese women are brutalized , abused and raped by the bad Japanese ( what else ? ) during the World War II . The girls also know a secret place in which a box full of gold is hidden and also learn that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan ( Shaw veteran Lo Lieh ) is actually now an undercover agent among the other Japanese and naturally helps the girls escape the hell . What follows is sequences full of gratuitous nudity , female kung fu , some nasty torture , gore , sleaze and extremely offensive anti Japan attitude that make this film pure and honest garbage that does n't even try to be more than it is.<br /><br />There are hardly any interesting elements in Bamboo House of Dolls . The occasional photography especially at the end looks nice with its sunbeams and beautiful nature but that 's about it in the merits department . The fight scenes are plenty and always include half naked females hitting and kicking each other . The violence overall is quite nasty at times with several bullet wounds , misogynistic torture scenes ( for example , one poor girl is brutalized on the floor filled with broken glass etc . ) and extremely repulsive ending and moral behind it . Of course it is stupid to talk about " moral " when writing about this kind of film , but still there are elements I wo n't accept to be found from any film.<br /><br />The film has also some enjoyable turkey elements for sure ! For example , the gold box , filled with heavy gold , seems suspiciouly light as the weak and suffered girls do n't seem to have any problems lifting and moving it , not to speak of throwing it ! Also those numerous " skin fight scenes " make this quite smile inducing for fans of trash cinema . I have seen the same director 's Killer Snakes ( 1973 ) which is ten times more noteworthy as a piece and even though it has many alive snakes killed for real , it is also visually more interesting and shows us some nasty sides of the other side of the big city and society . Also , it is a must for those who fear snakes.<br /><br />Bamboo House of Dolls has suffered some censorship , too , which is n't a surprise considered the subject matter . The uncut version , ( dubbed into a non - English language ) released in Europe at least in France , Italy and Switzerland , runs 104 PAL minutes while the cut , English dubbed print released in Holland , Belgium and Greece runs only 84 minutes in PAL . From what I 've heard , the cut scenes are not only violence or other graphic stuff but also dialogue and " plot development " and the like.<br /><br />Bamboo House of Dolls is garbage cinema in its most trashy form and definitely something I would n't have liked to see from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general . Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject matter are much more interesting and noteworthy than this quite ridiculous , calculated and worthless piece of cinema exploitation . 2/10
0 I was staying in one night and got extremely bored around 2:00 a.m. so I flipped aimlessly through the channels and happened upon H.B.O. where this " classic " was playing . Initially I was happy to have caught something at the beginning , but my happiness faded about two minutes into the movie . The whole movie centered around an unattractive man who had a fear of females , four beautiful but empty minded women who worked as waitresses at his uncle 's diner , and his enormously fat and extremely miserable cousin who also works at the diner . There are a few strange twists in this movie that make it somewhat interesting , but certainly not worth watching . Basically , if you have nothing to do some night or just ca n't sleep medication works much better . However guys there is a lot of skin so it may be okay to watch with no sound , but even that can get annoying
0 Buford 's Beach Bunnies gives B - grade T&A films a bad name . As a fan of the genre , I was appalled to find little attempt being made to exploit the young actresses talents . I refer specifically to the distinct lack of nudity and simulated sex scenes . What are the next generation of sad teenage boys watching this on late night TV supposed to think ?
0 This is one of those awful , sex - driven B - movies that could n't have played anywhere near a theater . Women run around dressed in scantily clad " bunny " outfits , an extremely fat woman is the brunt of many tasteless jokes , and they all work at the restaurant of a dirty old man , who has an oddball son ( Jim Hanks , who is of course Tom 's brother ) , whom the man wants to get " laid . " Hanks is actually sort of good , but this movie goes nowhere and has no point . One must wonder why it was even made ? Nevertheless , because of Hank 's performance and a few entertaining moments(but no more than a few ) , it received a stellar " 2 " out of 10 . I think I was being nice , though .
0 Incredibly muddled , off - putting and ultimately ludicrous ( " the horses , oh my God , the horses ! " ) thriller . It 's creepy at times , but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film . Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody " magically " does exactly what the plot needs for the " resolution " to occur . Bland performances by the leads , a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch . The video transfer is a real hack job , cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand . 0 out of 4 stars .
0 I awake suddenly , aware that I 'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover , and realize it 's a warm Saturday afternoon . Why was I sleeping ? Did I hit my head ? Or accidentally swallow all of my grandma 's muscle relaxers ? Could it be adult onset narcolepsy ? < br /><br />No , I momentarily paused on Cheap Seats while channel surfing , and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that I blacked out.<br /><br />It 's that head - shaking , mouth - agape , shoulder - shrugging bad . But I have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through . Perhaps they had the same effect on the ESPN programming executive that they had on me , and when he / she woke up , a few horrendous episodes were already in the can and he / she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep , no one will now how awful it is and he / she can keep the $ 425,000 annual salary.<br /><br />You've been warned .
0 I was going to say this was the worst gay - themed film I 've ever seen , but I can honestly say this is the worst film if any genre I 've ever seen.<br /><br />You know you 're in trouble when a movie starts with a " personal note " from the Director , asking for the audience 's " understanding " for the " many challenges " facing a first - time Director . The audio track is so bad in many scenes it 's almost impossible to follow the dialogue , and this from a DVD version . Bad lighting , bad sets , bad photography , poor script , generally bad acting all add up to make this " film " unwatchable . I did make it through to the bad ending after several attempts , and immediately gave away the DVD I foolishly purchased . I 'm sure there are many challenges facing a first - time Director . But , do n't try to palm off this lame attempt as a finished product . I see from IMDb details that this was not only the first Directing attempt of Richard Natale , but also the only . That 's the one positive thing I can say about this alleged " movie " .
0 This is yet another depressing and boring film about AIDS and tragedy . It begins very uneventful and predictable and continues throughout the movie . I kept waiting for it to pick - up , but unfortunately it never did . The acting is fair , but the script needs A LOT of work . And if you 're looking for the nudity , do n't waste your time with these not so hot actors . Due to the poor sound quality and lack of captions , I missed 1/8 of the movie . If you have never seen over five gay films , or have recently come to terms with being gay , you may find this film interesting , otherwise it 's your run - of - the - mill low budget movie . It ranks as one of the worst gay films I have ever seen .
0 Rather than move linearly from beginning to end , this story line of a gay couple impacted by AIDS " orbits " in time around their " perfect day . " The film is organized as a life remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in a sequential flow as one directly experienced.<br /><br />The narration has its lyrical moments , particularly in describing the impact of loss anticipated or experienced . The dialog unfortunately lacks such grace . The script frequently compels the actors to say startlingly stupid or insensitive things that seem utterly out of character at the moment . On their second accidental encounter , clearly smitten with each other , sensitive Phillip encourages a reluctant Guy to tell him about his difficult week . But the moment Guy begins to open up , Phillip , an English Major , blurts out " You 're not a Crisis Fairy , are you ? " Later , watching his lover 's naked , chiseled body stride across the bedroom toward him , our young Shakespeare in love begins to render the beauty of the moment in words , " The way you cut through space .... I ca n't even describe it "-- but lacks the verbal skills to complete his thought . This kind of drivel continues through the AIDS Hospice scenes , bejeweled with lines like , " What made me think death would be all neat and tied up with ribbons ? " and " You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse Ratchet . " < br /><br />The film often suffers from a bruising lack of subtlety . Unlikable characters are far more jarring and steamroller - flattened than they need to be . Phillip 's thoroughly annoying friends -- an arrogant trust fund brat and a whining , needy dweeb -- maintain a running caustic diatribe about every one crossing their path . Such patter could offer a writer a wealth of opportunities for clever social commentary , but sadly , their remarks are merely unpleasant , ungraced by wit or insight . It 's hard to know if our scriptwriter intentionally crafted intellectually limited characters or if he was simply running his tether 's perimeter.<br /><br />The plot may be what most appeals to and resonates with those who praise this film . It does seriously explore 1980 's US middle class gay life : first encounters , courting , coupling , nesting , the complexity of open relationships , friction and fracturing , dissolution , physical abuse , rapprochement , forgiveness , terminal illness , death and survival . Leads Phelan and Spirtas give fair to good performances rendering complex characters over time . Their fetching good looks help explain both the chemistry that held these two together through insensitivity and selfishness as well as the chemistry that helped some some viewers overlook this film 's painful weaknesses . The decision to chop the plot arc into tidbits and present them in out - of - sequence flashbacks added complexity without any evident dramatic utility , and in several cases left the sequence and thus the implications of a given event unclear.<br /><br />Could I recommend the film ? To sticklers for literary and technical quality , absolutely not ! For easy going viewers in serious need of an AIDS survivor catharsis or in the mood for a guilty - pleasure tearjerker with a little eye candy thrown in , maybe . But better written alternatives exploring the impact of AIDS on relationships of that era include : Philadelphia , And the band played on , Longtime companion , Angels in America , An early frost , Parting glances , Love ! Valour ! Compassion ! and even Jeffrey .
0 " The Rainmaker " released in 1956 - has some of the finest actors of its time . Katharine Hepburn , Lloyd Bridges , and Burt Lancaster being the principle players . Not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama . First of all , Hepburn is horribly miscast as a shy spinster - despite her brilliance as an actress , not even she can pull this off . She is too strong to be credible as being this much of a simpleton , and was just too old for the part . Lancaster over acts to the extreme , and Earl Holliman is way too hammy and comes off more like Jethro Clampett . Only Bridges and the ever reliable Wendell Corey seem to rise above the cast a bit - but even they can only do so much . It seems like the 1950 's was a time when Katharine Hepburn wanted to spread her wings a bit as an actress , and that is fine . She just made a bad choice here . Fortunately for her fans ( me being among them ) she did n't make too many of them . Despite an A - list cast and good production values , it does n't work .
0 I generally LIKE watching Burt Lancaster 's films -- especially when he is needed to go nuts with his imposing screen presence like in Elmer Gantry . However , his greatest strength , his magnetism , was occasionally also his greatest weakness as he rarely , if ever , underplayed ANYTHING . And it is this lack of subtlety that really hinders The Rainmaker . Now I understand that his character was meant to be a sort of showman but how Katherine Hepburn could fall under his spell is completely inexplicable . She is supposed to be smart but does n't seem so when Lancaster 's blarney is being thrown about the screen ! In addition to this , the story is perhaps one of the most stagy looking films I have ever seen and it is way too obvious that this is a movie based on a play . It just looks like it was mostly filmed in a sound stage instead of in the great wide open West like it was supposed to be.<br /><br />Overall , a very overrated film .
0 The movie was disappointing . The book was powerful . The views and the learning of Little Tree were powerfully portrayed in the book . The movie just coasted along and finally dribbled away . Still a nice tale for kids .
0 I 'll give this movie two stars because it teems with beautiful photography . Otherwise , it teems mainly with clichés and stereotypes : mountain people are either dumb white trash of the fanatically religious or ragged racist kind , or wise white Indians . Indians are magical people who move around without a sound , can disappear in the blink of an eye , talk to animals , and read minds over large distances . And so on and so forth.<br /><br />Throughout the movie I kept wondering what the point of the film was ( other than showing me pretty pictures of mountains , log cabins , woods , an assortment of animals , free - spirited mountain - dwellers and freaky people in church).<br /><br />The plot touched a whole range of issues but explored none of them in depth . This was neither a story about growing up during the depression , nor about about being an orphan , nor about a struggle for identity . It tried to be all of those things and more , which made it superficial and unsatisfactory.<br /><br />Although the movie was supposed to be about Little Tree 's education , we learn almost nothing about it . He was given a brief summary of the history of his people ( who were brave and stoic ) and a distillery demonstration ; tried his hand at chopping wood ( at which he failed ) and whiskey running ( literally ) ; learned how to read ( and maybe to write ) with the help of grandma and her dictionary - and that was it . Apparently he did n't learn much during his stint in boarding school because he was locked up in the attic.<br /><br />However , grandma and grandpa and Graham Greene 's character made sure that in the end Little Tree became a very spiritual person whose main goal as an adult - after , and I 'm paraphrasing here , " riding with the Navajos " and " getting caught up in a couple of wars " - was to " catch up " with grandma and grandpa and Graham Greene 's character in heaven ( instead of , say , dating girls , getting married , having children or other such nonsense).<br /><br />Last but not least I must say that I found grandpa 's trade offensive . Why of all things did it have to be a whiskey still ? To counteract the stereotype of the " drunken Indian " ?
0 The Education of Little Tree is just not as good as it could have been . Little Tree 's education is about things like the circle of life and how you should look at a star to help you . Whatever happened to the three R 's ? Readin ' ' Ritin ' and ' Rithmetic ? When the idiot back talks the teacher at the boarding school place he starts crying and talking to the sky . Oh my gosh . Sure , the lady was a little harsh , but then James Cromwell 's character comes and takes him away , leaving the audience thinking that Little Tree was absolutely right . He should learn to adapt to new discipline . Those were the times ! Talking to a star is not going to change a thing ! Little Tree needs to learn that his adoring guardians are not always right .
0 since this is part 2 , then compering it to part one ... <br /><br />man that was on many places wierd ... too many time jumps etc.<br /><br />I have to say that I was really disapointed ... <br /><br />only someplaces little lame action ... and that s it .... <br /><br />they could have done that better .... <br /><br / >
0 I gave Timecop a perfect 10 , I gave this 1<br /><br />It 's story is very boring , and it has only little to do with the original Timecop . Lots of things from Timecop was scrapped , and they put in new stupid stuff instead . This story is taking place in 2060 ( if I remember correctly ) , but for some reason the timetraveling is now more dangerous : confused:<br /><br />And the action scenes are nothing to be happy about , well most of them are n't ... only the first one is great ... and there are n't many action scenes at all , and they 're all pretty short < br /><br />At one point in the story , the main character travels through time about 5 times within a few minutes ... no wait , make that two times ... <br /><br />In short : Do n't waste time watching this movie , it 's not worth it
0 This is pretty much the first Jason Scott Lee film I 've seen . I say pretty much , because I have also seen Soldier , in which he plays the villain ... but from what I 've heard , it 's not considered a Jason Scott Lee film . This , however , is . And if this is any indication of the quality of such films , I wo n't be seeing any of the others . Lee is basically passable as a martial arts artist ... as the lead , he 's awful . He gets in a fight with random no - name characters every few minutes of the film , probably because the script writer could n't figure out how else to stretch out the film to the minimum required running time for a feature film . The villain is the only character with even a hint of personality , and aside from the fact that he 's certifiably insane , he barely seems like a villain at all . The majority of the film is basically Lee chasing the villain through time ... or maybe it 's the other way around . I ca n't say for sure ... and I definitely would n't watch it again to make sure . The effects are not completely horrible ... but it 's close . The title comes from the popular idea of using a time - machine to go and kill Hitler . Somehow , the film screws up that interesting idea as well . The plot is too complicated for its own good . The pacing is poor . I ca n't think of one positive thing to say about this film ... I really ca n't . It 's simply too formulaic and pointless . If only I had a time - machine , so I could go back and prevent this film from ever being made ... no , never mind . I just hope as few fragile minds are exposed to this as possible . Listen to the negative reviewers . Avoid this turkey . I recommend this to fans of Lee , and no one else . If you 're looking for a quality film ... well , this is n't it . That 's for sure . 1/10
0 If you want to checkout a good Jason Scott Lee film , I recommend the following:<br /><br />Dragon : The Bruce Lee Story < br /><br />Rapa Nui < br /><br />"Timecop 2 : The Berlin Decision " is an awful film . Awful production values . Awful acting . Awful script . I would not recommend this film to be watched by anyone who seriously believes that tripe like this is quality entertainment or advances Asian American awareness in Hollywood ( This film does neither.).<br /><br />I would at the very least say that this film is passable entertainment on a rainy day if you ever come across it while channel surfing . If you are curious , perhaps a rental from Netflix , but this film is definitely not for keeps.<br /><br />If you are one of the few people who watched this film as a means to raise your Asian American film awareness , and came away disappointed , then I recommend the following films for your personal viewing . These are well - written films with high production values that feature a talented cast of Asian American actors:<br /><br />Better Luck Tomorrow < br /><br />Mulan
0 Jason Lee 's pecks are back ! If that 's what you are looking for , look no further . If not , better move on ... <br /><br />But about the movie . Clichés galore , some poorly shot but kinda exotic fight scenes ( used JKD ) and lots of bad acting & cheap effects . Poor Lee looks like he 's in pain throughout the movie , and no wonder . Not a pleasant comeback.<br /><br />The movie does n't even cut it as a B - movie - sure , there was a Germanish bleached blonde Rutger - wannabe bad guy , but no gratuitous sex scene or even a single booty shots . None . Zip . Nada . Even in Starship Troopers 2 they had the common sense to include the mandatory nudie scenes ( as for rest of my comments on that excellent piece of classic cinema excellence , please refer to our upcoming review on that mind - blowing sequel ... ) . I did get the feeling that the writer was taking his revenge on somebody with this - thus I wo n't get into the " plot " of the movie or pretty much anything else related . Except that it did have some non - heterosexual overtones , so 'nuff said.<br /><br />However , this movie has one thing going for it - no Jean - Claude :)
0 Sadly , it 's true . " Legiunea sträinä " exposes with absolute clarity the parameters of Daneliuc 's irreversible failure.<br /><br />As it was already said , the author lost the faculty to coalesce his content factors and artistic intentions in a coherent form . Maniacally concerned with the mechanic trick of picking at random news subjects and join them together without any legitimacy , he only gathers a disordered pile of events , unable to follow the least story - line . The script 's level is similar to a " Cântarea României " amateur play about the glorious feats of socialist realism - only , turned upside down : while the communist line dictated a narrow concern only with positivism and sugary festivism , now Daneliuc is as perniciously obsessed only with negativism and disgusting scatology . The ideas content is zero , and the " message " , infantile and didactic , at a kindergarten level.<br /><br />Unfortunately , he also forgot the most elementary professional tenets . He is n't able anymore to organize a dramatic situation , to order it in a correct movie scene , to frame it right and to edit it following the simplest rules of cinematographic grammar . His level of story - telling in film - images is similar to phrasing something like : " Holy sheet man it ai n't nuthin right ' ere , and all da people is asses ! " What a huge distance from the impressive artist of 1976 - 1984 , who had created unique works as " Cursa " , " Proba de microfon " , " Vânätoarea de vulpi " - and even " Croaziera " and " Glissando " ... Sic transit gloria mundi ...
0 I simply ca nt understand why all these relics from the Ceausescu era refuse to let go . One can see clearly how frustrated they were during the commie censorship that forbade them so many things to show in their movies , and now they imagine its dunno what big deal of artsy - fartsy freedom so fill the screen with people defecating , urinating , vomiting , swearing , and any other kinds of hideousness imaginable . THIS IS NOT CINEMA , FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS ! This is simply visual perversion . Forget about Bunuels Chien Andalou , about David Lynch , about Forman and neorealism and other movie makers who were able to work with an aesthetics of ugliness . THOSE people were mastering their jobs - well , you Do n't ! Do us a favor , all you Daneliucs and Nicolaescus and Saizescus and Muresans and Marinescus and Margineanus and other obsolete old - timers , and leave us alone ! Its bit time to see some Romanian MOVIES on screen , enough with your immature terribilisms ! You are not directors , you are ILLITERATE ! ! !
0 This movie can be labeled as a study case . It 's not just the fact that it denotes an unhealthy and non - artistic lust for anything that might be termed as caco - imagery . The author lives with the impression that his sanctimonious revolt against some generic and childishly termed social ills ( " Moldavia is the most pauper region of Europe " , " I do n't believe one iota in the birds flu " , " Romanian people steal because they are poor ; Europeans steal because they are thieves " ) are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but he is sorely off - target ! < br /><br />What Daneliuc does n't know , is that it 's not enough to pose as a righteous person - you also need a modicum of professionalism , talent and intelligence to transpose this stance into an artistic product . Fatefully , " The Foreign Legion " shows as much acumen as a family video with Uncle Gogu drunkenly wetting himself in front of the guests . The script is chaotic and incoherent , randomly bustling together sundry half - subjects , in an illiterate attempt to suggest some kind of a story . The direction is pathetically dilettante - the so - called " director " is unable to build up at least a mediocre mise - en - scene , his shots are annoyingly awkward , and any sense of storytelling shines by total absence . ( Of course , any comment is forced to stop at this level ; it would be ridiculous to mention concepts as " cinematographic language " , " means of expression " or " style " ) . The acting is positively " Cântarea României " ( " Romania 's Chant " ) level , with the exception of ... paradoxically , the soccer goal - keeper Necula Raducanu , who is very natural , and Nicodim Ungureanu . Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness , but she is compromised by the amateurish directions given by Daneliuc.<br /><br />The most serious side of this offense to decent cinema is the fact that the production received a hefty financing from the national budget , via C.N.C. ( the National Cinematography Council ) . The fact that long - time - dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for the government udder is understandable ( in a market - driven economy , they would be instantly eliminated through natural selection ) . But the corruption of the so - called " jury " that squanders the country 's money on such ridiculously scabrous non - art , non - cinema and non - culture belongs to the criminal field .
0 This must be accompanied by a special rating and warning : NOT RECOMMENDED TO NORMAL PEOPLE.<br /><br />The obsession of Daneliuc with the most dirty body functions becomes here a real nightmare . Also , it 's evident that the man is a misanthrope , he hates everybody - his country his people , his actors , his job . And this hatred makes him blind and he forgets anymore the profession he knew long ago.<br /><br />This so called " film " is just a hideous string of disgusting images , with no artistic value and no professionist knowledge . It is an insult to good taste and to good sense . Shame , shame , shame !
0 I found a DVD of " I Dream Of Jeanie " in the $ 1.00 bin at Wal - Mart . When I saw that it was the " story of Stephen Foster " , being a musician and music educator , I had to see it . I had no idea what year it was made for it did not say on the cover , just that it was a remake of 1939 's " Sewanee River " . Bill Shirley 's portrayal of the composer is sometimes painful , sometimes laughable . The man has NO testosterone and is a wimp all the way through ! I have a difficult time believing Stephen Foster thought music publishers were doing him a favor by publishing his songs ... without paying him for them ! In addition to that ridiculous notion , there is a nearly 20 minute segment of Ray Middleton and his black - faced " Christy Minstrels " performing Stephen Foster 's songs that was difficult to watch , to say the least . I can hardly believe anyone would consider this movie appropriate to resurrect in our current time . It is an embarrassment and should remain forgotten . Fortunately , Stephen Foster 's songs will NEVER be forgotten .... also , Eileen Christy 's portrayal of Jeanie was certainly the highest point in this lowest point of Hollywood history .
0 Just picked up this film for a buck at National Wholesale Liquidators , and after watching it , I feel like I got ripped - off.<br /><br />I do n't know that I 've seen a worse film than this . Honestly . And I would never write a negative review of a film had I not such enormous respect for the subject matter , that is , Stephen Foster and his music.<br /><br />First , what is it ? It 's a musical biography ? Yeah , lot 's of tunes by Foster then interspersed here and there are these pseudo - Broadway - Jerome Kern - type numbers that reek more than the Mississippi delta . I mean , somebody got PAID to write this drivel ? Secondly , the REAL story of Foster is a fascinating one . Why not even come CLOSE to it ? Thirdly , what did they have on the great Ray Middleton to get him to do this film ? Pictures of him with small boys ? ? With communists ? What a waste of a great talent.<br /><br />So , friends of Foster , and the truth , and good entertainment , be afraid ... be very , very , afraid .
0 Veteran director and producer Allan Dwan , whose huge string of films includes both the utterly forgettable and the recurrently shown ( for example , John Wayne in " Sands of Iwo Jima " ) tried his hand at a big musical with " I Dream of Jeanie . " Harnessing a lead cast of singers with little past film experience and , as it turned out , virtually no future , he spun a fictional and in no small part offensive story about the great American songwriter , Stephen Foster.<br /><br />Bill Shirley is the young , lovestruck Foster whose kindness to slaves includes giving the money saved for an engagement ring to pay the hospital cost for an injured little black boy . His intended is Inez McDowell ( Muriel Lawrence ) whose pesky younger sister , Jeanie ( Eileen Christy ) , is slowly realizing she 's in love with the nearly impecunious song - smith . Foster is in love with Inez who is revolted by the composer 's Number 1 on the Levee Hit Parade Tune , " O Susannah . " Enter minstrel Edwin P.Christy ( Ray Middleton ) to help launch the profit - making phase of Foster 's career.<br /><br />This is , by the musical - film standards of the early Fifties , a big production . The sets are lavish in that special Hollywood way that portrayed fakes with all the trimmings . The singers are n't half bad and the Foster songs are almost impossible to ruin.<br /><br />But this is also a literal whitewash of the antebellum South . The biggest number features black - face for all on stage , an historical anomaly and a contemporary piece of unthinking racism . Were these portrayals of blacks anywhere near reality , the abolitionists would be rightly condemned for interfering with so beneficent an institution.<br /><br />"I Dream of Jeanie " apparently sank into the studio 's vault with barely a death whisper . Now revived by Alpha Video for a mere $ 4.99 it 's a period piece with charming songs and repulsive sentimentalizing about the victims of America 's great crime , slavery.<br /><br />This was what Hollywood was putting out two years before Brown v. Board of Education . Must have warmed the hearts of some moviegoers who wore their bed linen to the theater .
0 This overrated , short - lived series ( a measly two seasons ) is about as experimental and unique as a truck driver going to a strip bar . I am not quite sure what they mean by " ground - breaking " and " original " when they fawn all over Lynch and his silly little TV opus . What exactly is their criteria of what is original ? Sure , compared to the " Bill Cosby Show " or " Hill Street Blues " it 's original . Definitely . Next to " Law & Order " TP spews originality left and right.<br /><br />Fans of TP often say that the show was canceled because too many viewers were n't smart enough , open enough for the show 's supposed " weirdness " , its alleged wild ingenuity , or whatever . As a fan of weirdness myself , I have to correct that misconception . There is nothing too off - the - wall about TP ; it is a merely watchable , rather silly whodunit that goes around in circles , spinning webs in every corner but ( or because of it ) ultimately going nowhere . The supposed weirdness is always forced ; the characters do n't behave in a strange way as much as they behave in an IDIOTIC way half the time . There 's a difference ... <br /><br />Whenever I watch the " weird dream " sequence in " Living In Oblivion " in which the dwarf criticizes the director ( Buscemi ) for succumbing to the tired old let's - use - a - midget - in - a - dream - scene cliché , I think of Lynch . You want weird ? " Eraserhead " is weird - in fact , it 's beyond weird , it 's basically abstract . You want a unique TV show ? Watch " The Prisoner " . You want a strange - looking cast ? Felini 's and Leone 's films offer that . TP looks like an overly coiffed TV crime drama in which all the young people look like fashion models . The cast gives TP a plastic look . Kens & Barbies en masse.<br /><br />In fact , one of the producers of TP said that Lynch was looking for " unique faces " for the series . Unique faces ? Like Lara Flynn Boyle 's ? Sheryll Fenn 's ? Like those effeminate - faced " hunks " straight out of men 's catalogs ( or gay magazines ) ? Do n't get me wrong ; there is nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast , especially with beauties like Fenn ( the way Madonna would look if she were 1000 times prettier ) , but then do n't go around saying you 're making a " weird show with weird - looking people " . And I have never understood Lynch 's misguided fascination with Kyle MacLachlan ( I should get a medal for bothering to spell his name right ) . He is not unlikable , but lacks charisma , seeming a little too bland and polished . His character 's laughable " eccentricities " were not at all interesting , merely one of Lynch 's many attempts to force the weirdness , trying hard to live up to his reputation - him having completely lost his edge but that time . Everything Lynch made post-"Elephant Man " was very much sub - par compared to his first two movies . What followed were often mediocre efforts that relied on Lynch 's relatively small but fanatical fan base to keep him in the public eye by interpreting meanings into his badly put - together stories that do n't hold any water on closer scrutiny . In other words , Lynch is every intellectual - wannabe 's darling . < br /><br />So Laura Palmer was killed by her Dad ... ? He was obsessed by the devil or some such nonsense . That 's the best this " great mind " could come up with ... You 've got B - movie horror films that end with more originality . < br /><br />Lynch is neither bright nor hard - working enough to come up with a terrific story.<br /><br />Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8 , and check out my " TV & Cinema : 150 Worst Cases Of Nepotism " list .
0 I ca n't understand why so many peoples praised this show . Twin peaks is one of the most boring titles I have ever seen in my life.<br /><br />Now I have seen all season 1 episodes , and seeing season 2 episode 1 . Simply I ca n't take this show anymore.<br /><br />1 ) Where is the proper induction in criminal investigation?<br /><br />In season 1 , there was a scene that agent Cooper throws stones to a bottle . Can you guess why he did that ? He just want to identify murderer by doing this ' joke ' while mentioning supernatural ability given by Tibet dream . Wow!!!<br /><br />2 ) There are too many unnecessary scenes in this show.<br /><br />For example , season 2 started with a ' funny ' scene that a dumb old man serves agent Cooper with a cup of milk while Cooper are laying down on the floor . ( He got the gun shoots in his belly already . ) This old man is doing nothing but saying some dumb comments . That 's all.<br /><br />This scene is really boring and even long ( 3 min 30 sec .... It 's like Hell . ) < br /><br />I would read some comic books rather than see this show anymore .
0 We are not in the fairy tale of the naked emperor . We may confess the truth of what we see , without being stupid , confess , that this show is in many aspects just incomprehensible and that it is clear , that much of it was created out of pure intuition without real concept.<br /><br />Well , obviously many people like such stuff . I do n't . I prefer well thought and planed shows . And I also confess , that the show is much to serious for my taste and boring ... those love and drug stories ... There are so many exciting soaps with lot of suspense ( Dallas e.g. ) , but Twin Peaks ca n't catch my attention . I do n't care about those people , except Cooper and Gordon Cole .
0 There is nothing unique in either the TV Series nor the Movie . Which is a prequel to the TV Show , that is n't found everywhere else in life and entertainment . Both before David Lynches disgusting style of story telling , and after . < br /><br />From the Moment the body of a poor misguided girl washed up on the beach . And being introduced to some of the most mind numbing shady immoral character of the Twin Peaks.<br /><br />To the Mind numbing almost pedophilia disgusting way the movie seems to romantically tell of the destruction of a Human Life through some random psychedelic phenomena in the Movie Twin Peak : Fire Come Walk with me . < br /><br />I watched it all just to make sure I was n't missing anything . I did n't . It 's is simply one mans obvious sexual fetish extended over long series fallowed by a ridiculous overly pornographic movie . Save your self the agony the suspense and watch anything else that at least has the ability to tell a story , rather then seduce you into some kind mental porn movie.<br /><br />I have heard a lot of reviews , rants and raves about how great David Lynch . Because of his ability to define misery and and tragedy and making it into some kind of a wonderful thing . This is not life imitating art , as much as it is some sick twisted version of art doing its best to inspire complete mindless life.<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and avoid this garbage .
0 These kind of movies where a psycho of one variety or another tries to damage the reputation ( and eventually eliminate altogether ) some naive person in order to take over their life . Fatal Attraction , Pacific Heights , The Hand that Rocks the Cradle , Single White Female , and a thousand made - for - TV movies are some examples of this . But while a few , especially Fatal Attraction and Pacific Heights could offer at least some extremely paranoid , suspenseful characters or a few plot twists , Unlawful Entry plays everything by the book . And were it not for the notoriety of its stars ( Kurt Russel , Ray Liota , and Madeline Stowe ) , this movie would sink to mediocrity faster than a Danielle Steele miniseries.<br /><br />Russel plays Michael Carr , an incessantly naive guy who calls on the help of a pair of officers when someone breaks into his house and tries to attack his wife ( Madeline Stowe ) . Unfortunately , he quietly vents his anger about feeling so helpless in the situation to the wrong cop ( Ray Liotta ) , a typically psychopathic villain with no limits for his power . At first empathizing with Carr ( probably only pretending to do so ) , the cop befriends the couple . But soon enough , the cops wants Carr out of the way so , destroying the guys life nearly any way he can ( which is pretty easy when you 're a cop , and when you 're the cop who has installed the guy 's security system in his house ) in order to take over and presumably , get his wife . It seems less ends - oriented , and more like the cop just wants to prove his power . The wife is more like a trophy , in other words , than an end . And the story plays out entirely by the book , you can probably predict every occurrence before it happens on the screen if you 've seen enough of these movies . From the " shocking " moment our main , naive character realizes he is a victim of credit card fraud ( perpetrated by the psychopathic villain ) to the turn - around - he's - not - really - dead finale .
0 Typical thriller , has been done many times before . Simple plot outline ; cop Liotta becomes obsessed with Russell 's wife , and he tries to bump off good ol' Kurt so he can have her . This is beyond predictable , it does n't even try to make you guess , the plot is the plot and there 's no thinking outside the box here . I guess then the only reason to watch it is to see how it develops , but nothing is done originally or interestingly . There 's not really anything to say about this film , it 's not particularly bad , but there 's no good points either . Russell plays Russell and you know what you 're gon na get when you see him in a film . Ditto Liotta . Stowe has an annoying Cher - esque voice . I read the plot outline and I could see the film in my head , it was so obvious and basic . I watched it and it rolled out in front of my eyes exactly as I had imagined . I felt not a drop of emotion throughout . I have no feeling towards this film , it 's as if I never even watched it . Considering this , it 's a pretty pointless film is n't it ? Still , I 'll give it 3/10 for some reason .
0 This is another typical unbelievable and non - sensical piece of Hollywood dreck.<br /><br />Kurt Russell , as Snake Pliskin in a business suit , convinces me he was a better 2nd baseman . Ray Liotta as the psychotic cop is totally predictable and absurd . Madeline Stowe is her usual cardboard self , and does little to be a convincing victim.<br /><br />Every scene in this persiflage is absolutely predictable all the way to the end when Kurt clouts Ray with a vase or something , knocking him down and out . Kurt and Madeline then do their obligatory end - of - the - movie embrace , and EVERYBODY--- except Russell and Stowe , KNOWS Liotta is going to get back up and menace the couple again.<br /><br />He does , of course , and Russell drills him 10 times with his 9 mm , which was ENTIRELY unnecessary . This movie could just as well ended with the bludgeoning scene--- EXCEPT Hollywood dotes on unnecessary violence , and the more they can add , or " enhance " , the more slobbery they get .
0 Sometimes a premise starts out good , but because of the demands of having to go overboard to meet the demands of an audience suffering from attention - deficit disorder , it devolves into an incongruous mess . And for three well - respected actors who have made better work before and after , this is a mortal shame.<br /><br />So let 's see . Premise : a loving couple who lives in a beautiful home is threatened by a bad cop . Interesting to say the least . Make the encroaching cop a little disturbing , why not . It was well done in THE HAND WHO ROCKS THE CRADLE and SINGLE WHITE FEMALE , and it 's a proved ticket to a successful thriller.<br /><br />Now herein lies the dilemma . Create a disturbing story that actually bothers to bring some true menace into its main characters while never going so far as to look ridiculous , or throw any semblance to reality , amp up the shock factor , and make this cop so extreme -- an ultra bad variation of every other super - villain that 's hit cinemas since the silent age.<br /><br />The producers , and directors , chose the latter . Thus is the resulting film -- badly made , with actors trying their darnedest to make heads or tails in roles that they 've essayed before , and nothing much amounting to even less .
0 I remembered this show from when i was a kid . i could n't remember too much about it , just a few minor things about the characters . for some reason i remembered it being really intense . also it was on really really early in the morning up in PA . I finally , after looking around the web for a long time , found an episode . the first episode no - less . Criminey ! This show was so horrible . it was obviously just made to show kids playing lazer tag and having a great time . the show opens with bhodi li telling his mommy " my names not Christopher , I 'm bhodi li - PHOTON WARRIOR ! ! ! ! ! " we then are forced to watch kids playing lazer tag to the song " foot loose " . and not just a quick little bit , but the whole song . ahhhhhhhhh my brain hurts just thinking about it . oh yeah , and as if i could n't get worse , you ca nt even see the laser beams from their guns . its like they 're just running around to the entire " foot loose " song . later on , after bhodi goes up into space or where - ever , they have a crappy laser gun fight to the Phil Collins song " su - su - sudio . " ah , trust me , you do n't want to know the rest . what can i say ...... THE LIGHT SHINES ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 I saw this film at the Rotterdam Festival , as did presumably all the other voters . The Director was present and seemed to have worked very hard and be very committed to the project , which I think explains the above average reception and mark it got . It 's most similar to a feature length episode of Aussie kids favourite " Round the Twist " but it takes itself too seriously to have even that redeeming feature . The movie in itself is maybe worth seeing if you 're trying to do a cinematic world tour visiting all UN member states , as I ca n't think of another Fijian movie but overall it was generic , poorly acted ( albeit by an amateur cast ) and prey to the subaltern mentality . The moral of the story seemed to be that native islanders will try and screw each other over , but as long as there is an essentially decent white governor to step in , all problems can be solved ( by leaving the island ) .
0 Certainly NOMAD has some of the best horse riding scenes , swordplay , and scrumptious landscape cinematography you 'll likely see , but this is n't what makes a film good . It helps but the story has to shine through on top of these things . And that 's where Nomad wanders.<br /><br />The story is stilted , giving it a sense that it was thrown together simply to make a " cool " movie that " looks " great . Not to mention that many of the main characters are not from the region in which this story takes place ( and it 's blatantly obvious with names like Lee and Hernandez ) . If movie makers want to engross us in a culture like the Jugars and the Kazaks , they damn well better use actors / actresses that look the part.<br /><br />Warring tribes , a prophecy , brotherly love and respect , a love interest that separates our " heroes " , are all touched on but with so little impact and screen time that most viewers will brush them aside in favor of the next battle sequence , the next action horse scene , or the breathtaking beauty of the landscape.<br /><br />It is worth mentioning that there were some significant changes made to Nomad during its filming , specifically the director and cinematographer . Ivan Passer ( director ) was replaced by Sergei Bodrov , and Ueli Steiger ( cinematographer ) was replaced by Dan Laustsen . In one respect , Laustsen seems to have the better eye since his visions of the lands made the final cut that we see here . Definitely a good thing . However , the changing over to Bodrov as director may not have been the wisest choice . From what I 'm seeing here , the focus is on the battles and not the people , which I sense comes from Bodrov 's eyes and not Passer 's . A true travesty.<br /><br />The most shameful aspect is that this could 've been a really fantastic film , with both character and action focuses . Unfortunately , the higher - ups apparently decided that action was what was needed and took the cheap ( intellectually speaking ) way out.<br /><br />Even though I ca n't give this film a positive rating , it is worth watching simply for the amazing cinematography work . But that 's all .
0 I am a huge fan of warrior movies . Some of my favorites are Braveheart , Troy , The last samurai and Gladiator . And after watching Mongol , which is absolutely awesome , and which i strongly recommend , i had high expectations from a Sergei Bodrov movie . But it was terrible , awful , even pathetic is not a strong word in this case . The whole movie i was waiting for something exciting to happen , but it did n't , then i was at least expecting a big epic battle at the end , but even that was a huge disappointment , just some random running around , waving with the swords ... There are so many good warrior movies , this one is not one of them .
0 this movie let me down decidedly hard . it was a great concept that was ruined with a horrible script . The story just did n't flow and was disjointed at best . There were so many elements to this story that were not explained , or were forced into place with out any real thought . elements like the love story could have been expanded on a bit more , and the cannons need to be written in better . the whole main character growing up thing needed more about the training he was receiving and less standing around . everyone likes a good " little guy overcomes " story and this showed promise but with the scripting failures was n't to be . While it did have some pyrotechnics in the final battle sequence it was lackluster due to a lack of choreography . this made for a maddeningly boring watch < br /><br />it could have been so good :(
0 Disappointing film . Performance of actors is weak . Sets are fine , could have been better . The story is also weak . Battle sequences are awful . Sounds and quality of film are trashy . The history of Kazakh people was told very poorly . This film should have included more Kazakh actors , in leading roles . And also should have been in Kazakh language . Kuno Bekker and Jay Hernandez are Hispanic origins . I do n't get it . Since when Hispanic people play Turkic - Mongolian people . This film is shame of Kazakh cinema . Rustam Ibragimbekov disappointed me . He is one of the finest filmmakers in the world . Czekh director is excused , since he is not nomadic origin , he can not know true spirit and history of nomads .
0 This is simply put , the worst movie I have ever seen . It ranges from like 2 + hours , and the box art was totally misleading . My friends and I rented it because , we thought it would be a poor man 's 300 . You know , to laugh at and make fun of . No . There is nothing funny about this movie , only pain . Then , the movie starts up , and they are speaking some sort of different language . We think , ' Oh its just the beginning . ' But no , from there the movie plummets and becomes more of like a super boring book you had to read in grade school , where nothing literally happens for hours , and the battle scenes rival those of 2 kids fighting on a playground . Omit Cinematography , and this movie belongs in trash compactor . Movies like this will lead to the world we see in Wall - E , which by the way was a good movie .
0 Pathetic . This is what happens when director comes to work just because someone is paying him to . < br /><br />The intentions were good , great locations and settings for a film of epic proportions . But the performance , damn ! I swear , in some shots you can see extras on the background staring in the camera , or looking at the actors because no one told them what they should do when they hear " Action ! " . The battle scenes are so bad you wonder - are these people for real ? They could 've done more damage just by hugging each other . In the slow - mo scenes you can see people on battle field walking around or just standing , waving their hands . < br /><br />Only action in the foreground is somehow emphasized . But for what ? The story is so illogical and discontinuous , it seems like random situations in chronological order , sometimes not even that . The dialogs are dumb , the love plot is more embarrassing and ridiculous than in Hong Kong action movies . < br /><br />With a budget of 40 million , and you can see every dollar invested on the screen , in best case scenario , the final result of all this enormous effort is a shiny round laser disk in the thin cover placed on the shelf in video store .
0 Yeah , right.<br /><br />I spent the first hour waiting patiently for the movie to take off . It was horribly boring , and consisted mostly of people riding randomly around the hills with no apparent direction . Then the hero comes into the picture . Born as an Asian , but when he grew up , he became white . Obviously white . He was n't even close to passing for Asian . He looked like Justin Timberlake . It was extremely distracting , and the story did nothing to help the cause . Pointless battle sequences and lame dialogue . It 's an hour and forty five minutes long , and by the end I was trying to eat my own face . I watched this because people at the video store where I work are always asking me if this movie is any good . Now I have an answer . It goes something like this : ahem . " NO ! GOOD GOD NO ! IT 'S HORRIBLE ! DON'T DO THIS TO YOURSELF ! I would recommend another movie , perhaps one that 's entertaining . "
0 I knew nothing of this film before I was convinced to see it by a friend who had heard it was a " non - stop epic battle scene from beginning to end " . That could n't have been further from the truth . This was one of the most boring , poorly written , amateurishly directed , horribly acted films I 've ever had the misfortune to lay my eyes upon . I 'd rank it up there with the movie I consider to be the worst film of all time ... Battlefield Earth . There basically is no story , it 's hard to believe that the makers of this film thought that this cheesy soap opera crap would be taken seriously as actual historic fact . It also features some of the worst dialogue I 've ever heard ... like this little gem ... Guy tells girl " You smell like the moon . " . Girl replies " What does the moon smell like ? " OMG ! You have to be kidding me ! The scene where the guy was drawn and quartered got some good laughs from the audience since it looked so ridiculously cheap and the sound FX of the guy being ripped apart reminded me of someone making a fart sound with their mouth . If this is playing at a theater near you , avoid it at all costs . This movie is so bad that I actually made the decision about 45 minutes through that I needed to catch up on my sleep ... and I did . Awful .
0 I would give this movie 5 rather than 3 if it would be at least in time ... When i 've seen it in first time it was just what you could wait from the work that is based not on the artistic abilities of the directors but on the idealistic or i would rather say idiotic habits of our ( Kazakhstan ) government ... It 's a shame , because ' Qazaqfil'm ' was been shooting nice movies when it was not honoured by the name of Shaken Aimanov , but it was actually ran by him . The movies like ' Konec Atamana ' , ' Kyz Zhibek ' or even ' Aldar Kose ' . But after Mr Aimanov 's death the production of quality movies went down almost dramatically in 10 years time there were very few films produced . However , in late 1980s , ' Assa ' was shot , it was a film about first organised crime groups in the big country , one year later Mr. Rashid Nugmanov shot another film with the co - staring of the same actor / singer V.Tsoy , at that time he was already a soviet / Russian rock legend , - the movie called ' Igla ' ( The Needle or something ) it was completely new , somebody called that period as resurrection or a new Kazakh movie wave . Unfortunately nowadays we do not have a quality movies , our directors shooting movies on the french and Japanese financial support , and thus movies are not for the public but for the authors professional critics , some of them take a price on international author movie festivals but there a very few of them become a business asset products ... And again back to our ' nomads ' . Such movies usually unpopular because of vast aspects . The same effects was with Nikita Mikhalkov 's ' Sibirski Cyrilnik ' about Russian tsars , that was also shot on parities with foreign partners , i think they were french or maybe British . Nobdy liked it , even in Russian public it become as a main topic of a comedians and comedy shows like ' KVN ' . IMHO
0 " Dracula II : Ascension " is the story of a group of medical students who come across the body of Dracula . When a mysterious stranger appears and offers the students $ 30 million to harvest the body and steal its blood for auction , it 's an offer they can hardly refuse . Soon the students also find themselves relentlessly pursued by a vampire killer from the Vatican!"Dracula II : Ascension " is a slightly entertaining horror film that has many flaws . The characters are one - dimensional and the acting is pretty average . There are some good gore effects like really cool double decapitation scene , but there is not enough violence for my liking . The film becomes quickly boring and forgettable and there is absolutely no suspense . So if you like modern vampire flicks give it a look . I prefer atmospheric vampire chillers from 60 's and early 70 's like " Lips of Blood","The Brides of Dracula " or " Lemora : A Child 's Tale of Supernatural " to name only a few.4 out of 10 .
0 Ascension is actually a step up in terms of what the original movie was in story and in special effects . Jason Scott Lee Is good as a vampire hunter looking for the count himself ( if you remember him , he was from the movie Dragon , The Bruce Lee Story . ' ) Jason London is funny as Luke , the kid who helps the woman he loves from a far steal Dracula 's body from the slab . Diane Neal Is good as the woman who steals Dracula 's body in order to finds a cure for her dying boyfriend , And Stephen Billington is great as Dracula himself . Giving a better performance than Gerard Butler did the count in the original film . Roy Scheider rounds out the rest of the cast in this movie , and he does a decent job as the mentor of Jason Scott Lee 's character . This is the second sequel in the trilogy , and they are off to a good start . It 's up in the air whether the last film will close the series out on a good note .
0 the movie opens with a beautiful lady in a tattered white gown running through a stereotypical eastern european town . we know she 's being followed by something , because she keeps looking behind her . and soon we see she 's being chased by a mysterious man in a black trenchcoat . then we realize that the man is actually the vampire hunter and he is after her . but look is that her reflection in the store window ? ? ? no its just her identical twin vampire ! but unfortunately they both get it.<br /><br />after this brilliant and amazingly fun throwback to the old hammer films of the 60 's and 70 's ( in the credits the twins are listed as the twins of evil , which of course is the name of the final instalment in hammer 's karnstein trilogy ) , the plot pretty much dies.<br /><br />What little plot there is involves dracula ( who conveniently changes his appearance each time he is reborn , so the producer does n't have to rehire the same dracula ) coming to a morgue , the med students realizing he 's undead and thinking .... wow what an opportunity , maybe i 'll just disregard all those movies that say that drinking vampire blood turns you into a vampire and use the vampire 's blood to find a cure for our jerk friend 's ailment . obviously this is a mistake and everyone becomes a vampire.<br /><br />A new concept but pulled off excruciatingly badly . The movie keeps setting up wonderful situations and refuses to do anything with them.<br /><br />For example the med students attempt to bring drac back to life by placing him in a bathtub filled with blood in a secluded run down country mansion . The house itself is scary enough to be the center of the film , but do we stay there ? no because they decide to take the vampire to an abandoned swimming pool . sigh . This movie has a real problem with " homages " as i mentioned before the opening scene is straight out of hammer , and this house scene would have been perfect for a hammer - like movie , but the movie rapidly switches gears and changes to a medical horror.<br /><br />The other problem is that they introduce so many characters it is almost impossible to feel sorry for any of them . There are the med students and their wheelchair bound professor - type " friend " the med students are all : arrogant , boring , money hungry , and stupid . how they made it to med school at all amazes me , unless the med school had to meet its muscle bound hunk / big breast quota . and then there is the vampire hunter who remains mysterious through the movie . hey i can respect that but it would be nice if they did n't set it up like the movie would be about him . then you have random priests , cops , and science types . so many people are introduced and then quickly forgotten about until they need that person to either save the day or jump out for a cheap scare that it becomes quickly tedious.<br /><br />Basically this is a lazy movie . no real scares , just a few predictable jump scares . The set up for these is so elaborate it is hilarious . for examp le the bathtub full of blood . it is so obvious that drac is going to pop out of the murky blood . and yet we have to wait far too long to get to the inevitable jump scare . after this he kills one of the dumber and larger breasted med students . we all know she 's going to become one of the undead . but what do the others do ? bury her in a shallow grave near the house . sigh , so you know who will jump out at you when the cops show up at the house .......... <br /><br />Oh well.<br /><br />Maybe someone will get the hint that it is impossible to make a scary vampire movie and just go for atmospheric , and then we will end up with an entire movie that is as good as the opening scene.<br /><br / >
0 I can not believe the same guy directed this crap and Dracula 2000 . Dracula 2000 was innovative , fresh , and well written , if poorly acted.<br /><br />This pile ca n't even claim that . It starts with the defeat of Dracula at the end of Dracula 2000 . Then ignores the narrative afterwards describing what happened after that . Following the narrative properly could have made this a good sequel somehow , but Craven chose to go in the style of his older films , having no good tie but the main villain 's name.<br /><br />Even the actor playing Dracula was different ( going from dark hair in Dracula 2000 to a blonde here).<br /><br />Avoid this movie if you have any respect for your taste in movies .
0 This must me one of the worst takes on vampires ever conceived by men . How can one turn such a mesmerizing subject into a totally uninspiring story ? Apparantly not such a difficult task ... First of all , a conditio sine qua non of any vampirefilm is a dark and gloomy atmosphere with a nice sexy touch , this one lacks all these things .. Too much light - the spots ! oh my god , why in the name of Christ / Judas was that about?<br /><br />Every time Dracula came about he was devoured by light ( in the script to keep him weak , for the record : just weak ) There was only one scene that made it almost worth watching , near the ending of the movie ( beatiful dancingscene with Dracula and his new conquest ) . I really enjoyed the first one , the Judas - twist was defintely original , but this one 's just not good , not in any way . Hopefully the third one will cary the vampire - signature I like so much in other classics like Herzog 's Nosferatu , Coppola 's Dracula or even Interview with the vampire .
0 * * * Possible Spoilers***<br /><br />When I saw this today I had some expectation of how it would be like , not too high , but not low either . This was nothing like I expected at all though , it seems to me like the movie makers could n't make up their mind of what kind of movie to make.<br /><br />In the begining of the film it 's somewhat mysterious and kinda exciting , but that 'll soon change to some ridiculous scenes - very obvious scenes ... As I watched further I almost fell asleep a couple of times.<br /><br />The ending is the most ridiculous of all though , almost splatter / comedy ... <br /><br />I'm not saying it does n't have some good scenes it 's just that the film never becomes " whole".<br /><br />4/10 Movie - Man
0 1 out of 10.<br /><br />This is the kind of movie that you ca nt believe you just wasted 2 hours of your life as you see the credits role . I honestly think I could make a better Vampire movie .... and I know nothing . The only thing that does not just suck ( harder than a Vampire ) is Jason Scott Lee .... his character is at least a little bit cool , has some mystery , and kicks a little butt .
0 It 's like what other Dracula movies always do , the minions of Dracula always on Dracula 's side , which is what disappointed me at the ending . Regardless the person wants to stay a vampire or not , I would like to see something like in the first movie that the minion fights against her master . It is much interesting ( since you can almost predict how the story goes ) than just either the priest or D. win the game ( we need some surprising plots ! ) .
0 I did n't even knew this movie existed until shortly after seeing Blade : Trinity , I was messing around on the Trinity board when I saw some user mention how the Wes Craven series is a lot better then the ' crap ' that 's Blade , So I did my quick research : Checked the scores on IMDb & RottenTomatoes for Dracula : Ascension , and somewhere along the search I found out that this is a sequel to Dracula 2000 . I also noticed that within the Wes Craven Dracula boards there was a real strong following for this movie which is a big contradiction to the scores I was seeing.<br /><br />Now let 's take a quick personal recap here . I remember seeing Dracula 2000 , and I remember not liking it at all , and then seeing the scores of Dracula : Ascension just lowered my expectations even more , but then again , I 'm the type of person that truly needs to watch the movie myself ( any movie ) so that I can form my own opinion.<br /><br />A couple of things I went in knowing when I started watching this movie was that it 's low budget , so because of that , I 'm going to have to ignore a lot of the v / fx and just figure it 's going to compensated by story & acting , I was also slightly impressed by some of the casting in this movie ( Jason London , Roy Schieder & Jason Scott Lee)<br /><br />Oh geez   This movie was CHEESY ! But cheesy can be entertaining at least , I found it pretty fricken laughable , the bad audio synch from the re - recording of dialogue in a FEW scenes , the stupidity of the characters in this movie . Sure they all knew about vampires and some of the basic things , Luke even had a book on it , but did it prevent them from wanting to purposely get ' infected ' ? Nope , this is worst then slasher flicks where the girl has to get out of the shower and check out the noise she hears with nothing more than a towel on.<br /><br />I also must 've blinked at some point , because I 'm not sure how ' Dracula ' got clothes on his body , especially since he 's big wild and angry & I figure if I was in that situation , I would n't want to be the one dressing him.<br /><br />So the movie ends like any middle movie of a trilogy   it does n't , instead it 's a ' Cliff Hangar ' where I now get to wait for the 3rd installment ' Legacy ' . Oh the entertainment value of Cheesy movies .
0 This movie had mediocrity , laziness , and thoughtlessness written all over it . If you are going to do a movie about vampires that has been done thousands of times already , then you better do a damn good job . I 'll be the first to say that this movie just did not cut it . Some scary / horror movies just fail to break the mold of the " lets do something forbidden and forsaken for the sake of fun because all the stories are just lies " cliché . This one , sadly , was no different , and like all scary movies , once you venture down that road there is no going back.<br /><br />And the ending ? How do the heroes do the same job over and over throughout the movie , but then mysteriously they get wrapped up in the moment and can not do the job in the end ? The ending was very anti - climatic and spelled part 3 which I will never watch . Terrible movie .
0 A painfully protracted , maudlin and predictable drama , my twenty - fifth Sidney Lumet film , Garbo Talks , gets filed precipitously on the low quality end of my quest.<br /><br />The film documents a harried young working man named Gilbert ( Ron Silver ) , who is son to Estelle Rolle ( Anne Bancroft ) , eccentric , feisty and above all , an obsessive fan of Greta Garbo . When Estelle becomes afflicted with a brain tumor , her son decides to go on an obsessive quest of his own : track down Greta Garbo , and bring her to his mother.<br /><br />Anne Bancroft is in full - on , chew - the - scenery Auntie - Mame mode here , that kind of feisty ol' gal that film loves , where she mouths off to people , and stands up for her ideals , and ends up in jail all the time . She stands outside of the film as an obvious artificial construct , and every scene with her is yuk - yuk lame ; every note striking false . The rest of the characters are equally as one - dimensional , but tremendously less - interesting . Ron Silver is flat as can be , and his attempted love triangle is as telegraphed as anything else in the film : He is dating affluent Lisa Rolfe ( Carrie Fisher ) , but becomes smitten with oddball co - worker Jane Mortimer ( Catherine Hicks ) , and I called every scene three scenes before they happen.<br /><br />That 's the other problem . One - dimensional characters can survive if they are posited in an intriguing and captivating story , but there 's simply nothing here . The film 's pace is glacial , resplendent with extraneous material that strengthens absolutely nothing , and when the film does begin to follow a linear plot , it 's both plodding and uninteresting . There are plenty of guest stars , so to speak , including Harvey Fierstein as a gay New Yorker ( imagine that ) in yet another highly inessential scene.<br /><br />Late in the film , it attempts to make a halfway - decent statement on the nature of idolatry and its role in our lives , but by that time , none of the characters exist as real people , and the film had bored me into submission , so it functions as a case of far - too - little , far - too - late . The film is my twenty - fifth Lumet - directed film , making him easily my most - viewed director , but outside of a couple egregious misses ( A Stranger Among Us , anyone ? ) , he has n't plumbed the painfully uninteresting depths of Garbo Talks.<br /><br />{Grade : 4.5/10 ( C / C- ) / # 21 ( of 24 ) of 1984 / # 23 of 25 Lumet films }
0 Anne Bancroft plays Estelle , a dying Jewish mother who asks her devoted son ( Ron Silver ) to locate reclusive one - time movie star Greta Garbo and introduce the two before Estelle checks out for good . Might 've been entitled " Bancroft Talks " as the actress assaults this uncertain comedic / dramatic / sentimental material for its duration . Hot - or - cold director Sidney Lumet ca n't get a consistent rhythm going , and Bancroft 's constant overacting is n't scaled back at all by the filmmaker -- he keeps her right upfront : cute , teary - eyed and ranting . Estelle becomes a drag on this scenario ( not that the thinly - conceived plot has much going on besides ) . Silver and co - stars Carrie Fisher and Catherine Hicks end up with very little to do but support the star , and everyone is trampled by her hamming . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 This movie was based on actual fact ? I sincerely hope not!<br /><br />We get to see what appears to be numerous armed cops empty an equal amount of guns at 2 guys who only got armored torso 's . That 's a great idea ; aim for the armor! ... excuse me , but how about those big fat unmissable heads or their legs for crying out loud . Or were there invisible tanks protecting them ? were they from Crypton?Did i miss something here?<br /><br />This movie started out decent enough but after 20 minutes of shoot - out it really takes a turn to boringlane.<br /><br />And that documentary style did n't work for me either , but that s just something one finds likable or not.<br /><br />Highly unbelievable stuff which makes it hard to see it through ' til the end.<br /><br />3/10 for the fine editing .
0 Contrary to my principles , let me first come up with a conclusion , because I have just seen this piece of " art " , and still am under strong impressions . The reader is asked to excuse my stronger vocabulary.<br /><br />Well , this movie is absolutely horrible , and I would never bother to write a single word about it , if it were not for the fact that " 44 Minutes " made me sick to death , which rarely happens to me . The fact that I paid for that does not exactly makes me feel better , as well as the fact the movie deserved the high user rating here.<br /><br />So what is wrong with the movie ? It has a fashionable title - " 44 Minutes " . One first thinks about " 15 Minutes " , which is by the way a much better movie , but still bad in my book , and indeed the two can be compared to some extent . But , as luck would have it , the things they share are their worst characteristics . They both feature Mr. Oleg Taktarov , who with his strong Russian accent obviously meets the popular expectations and prejudices . His purpose is to appeal to the Cold War mind . Ah , do we miss the good old times . Now , I do n't imply that he is a bad actor , I am yet to judge his true performance , but he is simply not a true individual here , he is more like an archetype . How anyone can still indulge in such things is completely beyond my comprehension . We can recognize modern American xenophobia here . The point in the movie when Taktarov explains to his companion that Romanians are not Germans , and that they are in America is truly laughable . Are we to assume that the greatest desire of the wretched duo is to become " true " Americans ? < br /><br />Then , there is the media issue . Yes , it seems that the most of what we learn comes from cameras , interviews and reporters . The director should have made us feel the rhythm of the presumed 44 minutes . Instead he bores us with interviews throughout the movie like in a cheap TV show , trying to reinvent the wheel . In 15 Minutes the issue of media is the central one . The point is presented in a way a teacher addresses an obtuse student , but that deserves a separate comment , we are focusing on 44 Minutes now . So , I have been trying to identify the purpose of this movie . What is it ? To provide good time for the audience ? To glorify weapons ? To glorify police ? Portray violence ? Oh yes , the officer gives the Bible to the underage delinquent . So it must promote peace and understanding after all ? I do n't think so , but do n't ask me . I only know I did n't enjoy any of this.<br /><br />Ah , Michael Madsen . I admit , I am a big fan . I hoped he would be a bright point , but I was wrong . It 's not his fault though . < br /><br />As the final note , comparing " firepower " to " willpower " at the end of the movie was one of the worst lines I have ever heard.<br /><br />To summarize , on the scale 1 - 10 , I give it a pure , unadulterated 1 .
0 The funniest scene of this movie is probably when our saviours get their medals and plaques and whatnot . So the basic idea is , the police outnumbers these gangsters by like a million to one , but they 're powerless because the villains ' guns are just a bit bigger . I guess police ammo just kinda bounces of . They decided to shoot this movie in documentary style with fake interviews and all and seriously , what is wrong with these guys ? They 're talking like they were armed with rolled - up newspapers . Okay I admit , it 's probably still dangerous to be in the line of the fire , even when the situation is so much to your advantage , but do n't go nuts . And why the hell did it take 44 minutes to solve everything anyway ? I 'd say that 's a very long time when you have them surrounded and you 're allowed to shoot . They 're like ten ft . away , they hit absolutely nothing . Then they go and buy bigger guns themselves to increase their heroism . And then yeah , there you have it , one of the cops actually hits someone . Bullet was probably diverted by a lamp post or something . I had a good laugh I guess .
0 Men , do I love police movies filled with action , shooting , chases etcetera.<br /><br />Boy , was I let down after watching this short and unsatisfying movie . We 've seen it all before , the hostages , the bank , the surrounding ... Yet , 2 bad guys that shoot down multiple officers and innocent people who simply stay in the line of fire - without getting hit due to some Kevlar.<br /><br />Not just a few shots , no , hundreds of shots . Going back into the bank , where the dumb hostages did n't lock the safe or doors when the bad guys went out . How stupid did the director think we 'd be.<br /><br />Okay , the shots in between that fake a documentary were good , but after seeing the film I only got the thought : why did n't the police get a decent shooting course ? And why where there so many cops and was SWAT on a real long break . Truly bad .
0 Yeah , Madsen 's character - whilst talking to the woman from the TV station - is right : the LAPD IS a corrupt , violent and racist police . And this movie changes nothing about it . Okay , here are the good cops , the moral cops , even a black one , whow , a Christian , a martyr . But this is a fairy tale , admit it . Reality is not like that . And most important for the action fans : The shoot out is boring . It 's just shooting and shooting and shooting . Nothing more . Play Counter Strike , then you will at least have something to do . The only moral of this film is : The LAPD is good now . No more bad cops in it . If you like uncritical , euphemistic commercials for police and military service , watch this movie . It 's the longest commercial I 've ever seen . ( 2 Points for camera and editing ) .
0 As we all know Hollywood enjoys changing historical events around for our enjoyment , and 44 minutes is one of those hollywoodized movies . For example the bank robbers never did go back in the bank when they started shooting at the LAPD yet in the movie we see them go back inside twice ! Another example is the number of LAPD officers who were shot near the end of the movie , this is far from the truth ! But of course Hollywood must have a good bloody ending so they * add * some more blood and guts . Some events were combined and many of the lead actors played several different people but this is what Hollywood has always done so why complain ? I guess the only sad part is that I have watched some one hour documentaries about the North Hollywood shootout on TLC that were far better then this !
0 This was a better than average movie I thought , for it being on cable . I had expected something along the lines of cheesy melodrama and bad special effects seen in such classics as Christmas Rush or First Daughter / Target / Shot , etc.<br /><br />The cast was well chosen ... I especially liked Ron Livingston as the hard pressed SWAT Commander . It 's good to see him revisiting the same material he had so much fortune with in Band of Brothers . The producers and designers had done their homework because all the scenes and shots looked like they did on that day back in 1997.<br /><br />So , if you get a chance to see this film , and I am sure you will since FX reruns everything 50 times ... take 2 hours and enjoy it .
0 This movie is awful . At the end of it you will realize that several hours have been stolen from your life that you ca n't get back . The " twist " ending is very contrived . The character development leading up to this ending is not consistent with their final actions at the conclusion . Ninety minutes of preparation-- with the premise that the Rob Lowe character will die on Christmas Eve-- is explained away in literally ninety seconds of " No we were just tricking you . " Then the Rob Lowe character is not even upset about it ! " I will forgive you if you can forgive me , " is as upset as he gets . If someone took weeks to convince me I was about to die and then said " No , sorry , just fooling you " I would raise some serious hell . I do n't feel bad about giving away the spoiler because I might be able to save some of you out there from watching . Please save yourself and DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE .
0 JUDAAI was a bold film by Raj Kanwar at it 's time In 1997 when such a topic was damn out of the box < br /><br />To give him his credit he does succeed in showing how greed changes a person and to what extent the person can go to get what she wants < br /><br />The film however is damn melodramatic , many places ridiculous < br /><br />One wonders why Anil does n't buy a TV for his wife ? when he earns so much Just to show how poor he is?<br /><br />The twist is well handled but the handling is straight out of 80 's The Johny- Paresh comedy which entertains here and there stands out as a sore thumb as it does n't fit in the story < br /><br />Even there are several cringeworthy scenes < br /><br />Direction by Raj Kanwar is adequate though at times too melodramatic Music is okay but most songs look forced < br /><br />Anil does his part well Sridevi is excellent in her part Urmila is decent Amongst rest Kader Khan is as usual Johny Lever is funny , Paresh irritates Farida is decent
0 Well , if you like pop / punk , punk , ska , and a tad bit of modern psycho billy , then seeing the live performances are about the only thing worth watching . This movie has tons and tons of band cameos , along with president of Troma , Lloyd Kaufman as a semi - major role , and lots of goofy death scenes . Sounds like it may be good , right ? Well , the deaths keep coming , and repeatedly to many different bands of the Warp Tour and the fans at the event . Some of the deaths start of stylish , but then they are recycled over and over , to the point of being completely repetitive . Almost everyone dies of having their head smashed , or intestines being pulled from their stomach . The gore looks as if it was from Andreas Schnaas ' " Zombie 90 : Extreme Pestilence " ; with this being the " watered - down type blood " , but now that movie is actually decent , and provides humor - something that this movie terribly lacks . Sure , the movie is made by Doug Sakmann from Troma , it 's got great low - budget potential , and it tries ... but just too hard . Everything is overly meant to be funny in this movie , and that s what brings it down . Everything tries to be too comic and goofy , by using intentional bad acting , an overuse of pointless deaths , and doing the same thing ... over and over . It 's basically " Mulva : Zombie Ass - Kicker " , " Chairman of the Board " , or any movie you have made with your friends : it 's funny to those who made it , and that 's about it.<br /><br />Great potential , great idea , great use of effects - but it 's the same thing ... over and over : A band plays , a band dies , fans die . Everyone dies , blood is sprayed everywhere , the process is repeated.<br /><br />The question is for these types of movies - which is basically ' bad slap - stick'-do they try too hard , or not at all ?
0 I just finished watching this movie . I was very excited since I 'm a big fan of Punk Rock , Horror films and Spoofs . I was very surprised at what I saw . I knew it was low budget , but I was n't expecting it to be taped with a video camera . It opens with a good song and a great , very underrated band , The Horrorpops , reforming their song , Where They Wander , and promptly getting killed in various gruesome ways . It 's a great opening . But the problem is the fact that , up until the end , this was really all that the movie was . A live performance , A death . Another live performance , A death . It gets old . And there is a gross(literally ) overuse of intestines in the death scenes . Why does n't the killer use other body parts , like legs , or eyeballs , or brains ? Do n't get me wrong , this movie has some parts that are awesome . Like the hardcore French band , known simply as BERET , the prospect of a band named Atticus , the scene containing a performance by members of the The Used and Simple Plan playing together , since neither bands had enough members to play their show , and Bowling For Soup 's Overweight - and - proud - of - it guitarist getting killed in a truly hilarious manner , that I will save for the future watchers of this movie . But the big problem I have with this movie is the at first comical , but after a while , terrible lack of acting talent in a lot of the " actors " . Especially Warped Tour creator , Kevin Lyman . He tries very hard , but I suspect that he did n't want to make the film , but was contractually obligated or something . In addition to that , the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD . The Movie 's resolving plot is very hazy and very random . something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil . Bottom line , this movie has a lot of good qualities , but not enough to be anywhere near a decent Horror , Music , or Comedy film . Although I have to credit it with turning me onto a few bands that I would never have listened to , otherwise . Such as Tsunami Bomb , and the Phenomonauts(an insane , Psychobilly band ) . I recommend that you rent this movie , watch the first 10 or 20 minutes , if you like it , watch the next 20 or 30 , if you still like it , then watch on . If not , just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances . They rock ! Long live Punk Rock and Horror !
0 It 's not the most well made slasher movies of all time , but for what it is , it 's pretty amusing . The plot is lame but the kills are not too bad . I have to be honest , if you do n't follow the bands that are featured in this film , you wo nt find this film as funny as those who do . I knew someone who saw this film and was really disappointed because of the poor quality of the film but you have to understand that it was made in the spare time of being on tour , in between playing to moshing kids and drinkin ' with friends backstage ... it 's not made to be taken seriously . It 's ubber cheese at it 's punk best and with over 100 kills , most of which are ultra gory , it 's a fun movie to have friends over to watch , drink and be merry !
0 I could n't believe I spent $ 14.00 on this . The only redeeming quality is the outrageous gore . The dubbing was worse than any I have ever experienced . It looks like it was shot with a VHS camcorder . I think every pfennig was spent on the special effects because there was a whole lot of blood and body parts everywhere . Its one of the worst movies I have ever seen but I do have to acknowledge the plentiful gore that was n't as disgusting as it could have been because the whole movie is so silly and unbelievable
0 Karl Jr and his dad are now running an army on a remote island . They capture a trio of guys who stumble upon the island . Whom after a while fight back . ( well the survivors ) This one has non - stop blood , gore and carnage , which would have been good if any of it looked remotely real , or if the production did n't look like it was made with a weeks worth of saved up lunch money ( I may be overexxagerating there . it was probably just a couple days worth ) . The horrendous dubbing did n't bother me as much and I suspect if I had been really drunk , some of it MIGHT have been slightly humorous .... maybe . But as it is , at merely 78 minutes the movie still felt way too long by .. Oh I do n't know ... 78 minutes . Do n't waste your time.<br /><br />My Grade : F < br /><br />DVD Extras : Bonus movie : " Zombie ' 90 : Extreme Pestilence " ; and Trailers for other Shock - o - Rama released films
0 I felt obliged to watch this movie all the way through , since I had found it in a bargain bin and bought it for my own , but I came close many times to turning it off and just writing off the money I had paid for it . If you are a fan of gore and sadism , this movie is OK . If there is one thing that the makers of this film know , it is the creative use of fake blood and body parts for a sickening effect . If that does n't thrill you , then stay away.<br /><br />This movie is shot on a home video camera , with grade school props and terrible actors . It 's dubbed from German , but even allowing for that , the sound is awful . This film is about as budget as budget gets , except for the aforementioned special effects . If they had spent a little more money on actors and a real script instead of blood and guts , the film might have been a little more enjoyable.<br /><br />The story is about three men that land on an island inhabited by an army of tin - masked sadists . They are captured , and the rest of the movie is about their attempt to escape . I call this a story in the loosest sense , since it is really a series of scenes of torture and combat strung together by inane obscenity - filled dialog.<br /><br />There is nothing whatsoever redeeming about this movie , unless you like mindless gore . Consider yourself warned .
0 Ok , I like B movies ... I know what B movies are supposed to represent . But this is just awful . I am amazed it got such a decent overall score . The only redeeming qualities of this flick are the ( mostly ) marginal splatter effects . Do n't get me wrong , gore abounds in this flick - but few effects really jumped out at me ( like the anal " probe" ... that was great!).<br /><br />I believe this movie was filmed on a camcorder . C'mon - rent a Betacam at least , I 've seen porn with better production values ( and better acting as well).<br /><br />Acting - sucked ! But not in the Troma or Full Moon sort of way.<br /><br />Story - contrived ! But that s what you get from films like these . Very loose!<br /><br />Sets & Props - sucked ! My 16 year old brother makes more elaborate sets for our house on Halloween.<br /><br />Dubbing and dialogue - sucked ! Horrible voice acting ( I should n't even call it acting ) and every other word is " S**t " or " F**k".<br /><br />There are tons of good classic and B rated horror / splatter flicks out there and they are not that hard to track down . Do yourself a favor by not wasting time on this crap !
0 I am a big fan of low budget horror movies like this , but come on ! This has to be the worst piece of monkey S@#t I have ever seen ! I ignored the reviews posted on this site figuring that it would fall into my taste in horror , but I got bored and turned it off . Let 's see:<br /><br />The wardrobe : Consisted of cheap cameo outfits and painters outfits from home depot . The masks were made from what looks like tin foil . < br /><br />The Gore : The Gore was pretty good , I must give it that . But Ittenbach 's Burning moon was better for a low budget movie . < br /><br />Acting : Was horrible ! I did n't mind the dubbing . I find this humorous like in Ittenbach 's " Premutos " ( great movie ) . The fighting and action sequences were pi$$ poor.<br /><br />Bottom line : Do n't watch any of Schnaas 's movies . There are much better directors like Jorg Buttergeit and Olaf Ittenbach with movies of the same gore and subject matter . Check Premutos , House of blood , Schramm and the nekromantiks .
0 I can not believe how bad this piece of garbage is ! I want my $ 3.99 back ! Words defy description of this poorly made piece of crap ! The dubbing in no way shape or form aligns with the actor 's mouths . The movie looks like it was filmed with a 1970 's vintage camcorder . I have shot better movies with my cell phone camera . The gore is laughable due to the silly unbelievable plot . The acting is what one would expect if you called all your friends over on a Saturday afternoon and proceeded to get completely ripped , then tried to put on a play in your garage . Do n't get me wrong ... I was n't expecting O'Neil and I love Zombie movies , but the production values are so low in this film as to make it unwatchable . Avoid !
0 I am dumbfounded that I actually sat and watched this . I love independent films , horror films , and the whole zombie thing in general . But when you add ninga 's , you 've crossed a line that should never be crossed . I hope the people in this movie had a great time making it , then at least it was n't a total waste . You 'd never know by watching it though . Script ? Are you kidding . Acting ? I think even the trees were faking . Cinematography ? Well , there must 've been a camera there . Period . I do n't think there was any actual planning involved in the making of this movie . Such a total waste of time that I wo n't prolong it by commenting further .
0 Wow ... I ca n't believe just how bad ZOMBIE DOOM ( aka VIOLENT SH!T 3 ) really is . I 'd heard the rumors , read the reviews - but had to make my mind up for myself . Well , let me tell ya - IT BLOWS ! ! ! The worst acting of any film ever made , dubbing that must have been done while everyone involved was completely wasted , inept and laughable gore FX , no discernible plot , " cinematography " that looks like my grandma filmed it with her camcorder , weapons props that are no joke - made out of tin - foil - the list goes on and on ... <br /><br />Three guys get stranded on an island where a bunch of weirdos run around with plastic and tin - foil swords . Two of the captives are freed along with a rebel of the island freaks , and are given a day 's head start before they are hunted down by the rest of the " tribe" ... that 's pretty much it ... <br /><br />Honestly - this is one of THE WORST films I 've ever had the misfortune to subject myself too . The budget had to be about $ 200 and was spent entirely on the gore FX ( which actually may not have been a bad idea ... ) . There is NOTHING to ZOMBIE DOOM other than strung - together ridiculous looking gore scenes with lots of HORRIBLY dubbed dialog . This film makes other no - budget outings like PREMUTOS : LORD OF THE LIVING DEAD look like TITANIC . Some may rank ZD in the " so - bad - it's - good " category - and I guess if you 're REALLY drunk or high and watching it with a few friends MST3K - style - I guess it could be looked at that way . But not by me . I hated pretty much everything about it . If ZOMBIE DOOM or ZOMBIE 90 ( which is equally appalling and is included as a " bonus " on the Shock - O - Rama release of ZD ) is indicative of Andreas Schnaas ' other works - then he should be banned from ever having anything to do with making a film ever again under penalty of death . There is one amusing kung - fu battle in the latter half of the film , and a lot of blood - so I 'll grant this one a VERY generous 3/10 - Do yourself a favor and skip this .
0 This movie is another Christian propaganda film in the line of The Omega Code . Not that that is necessarily bad but for the fact that most propaganda films sacrifice sincerity and realism for the message they wish to deliver . If you enjoy a styrofoam portrayal of life on the streets and the way the Gospel can change a life , than perhaps you may enjoy this movie . I say , save your money and rent The Cross and The Switchblade or The Mission . When will Christian directors learn that sometimes people say bad words ? It was frustrating to see criminals depicted who are not allowed to swear ( huh ? criminals say bad words ? ) and flat characters I really could not relate to . Also , it would 've been great if the movie had shown some T&A. Now that would be something I 'd like to pay to see . Who was the blockhead who compared this communion wafer - thin story of a movie with The Boondock Saints and The Sting ?
0 STAR RATING : * * * * * The Works * * * * Just Misses the Mark * * * That Little Bit In Between * * Lagging Behind * The Pits < br /><br />In this debut effort for Nick Park 's beloved man and dog , they are forced to fly to the moon when good old Wallace runs out of cheese.<br /><br />As well as being the shortest feature at just 22 minutes , this W / G adventure is also the earliest and it kinda shows . The plasticine animation is a little creaky and funny here , sort of reminiscent of the Mork animation about the little man in the box.<br /><br />Admirable though the craftsmanship behind it is , I 've never actually been hugely into Wallace & Gromit ( maybe a bit too clean and traditional for someone of my generation . ) The only one I 've really enjoyed is The Wrong Trousers ( and that was more from when I was younger and less aware of , shall we say , the seedier pleasures of life . ) I was driven to actively seek out this early effort due to the resurgence in popularity as a result of the hugely successful recent film adaptation.<br /><br />As technically impressive as the first two ( all things considered ! ) this one lacks the emotional angle it 's successors were to possess . That being said , it 's fairly good fun as a first try and certainly set the standard for greater things to come . Two stars , but a good two stars . * *
0 I 'll be honest , this is one of the worst movies ever . If not , then it 's VERY close . Ever seen a bad teen soap opera . Well this is like one of those . Except worse . For example : ( POSSIBLY SPOILER ) girl : I wanna go somewhere else.<br /><br />guy : all we need is here.<br /><br />girl : but I wanna take myself somewhere different.<br /><br />guy : I 'll take YOU somewhere else.<br /><br / > ... Proceeding this line they have sex . The music is bad pop and bad punk rock . If you 've EVER read the book , avoid this movie like the plague . They completely change the personalities of the characters and the events . Additionally , they just get rid of things . Also , the movie ends about before the book finishes . It is an AWFUL movie . So , if you have n't read the book , do n't watch it . If you HAVE read the book , burn it ( the movie ) . If you like stupid teen soap operas that are lower quality than your average low quality teen soap opera , go for it . Then again , should we expect anything different from MTV ?
0 I was n't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion . Wuthering Heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy , melodramatic and intriguing . But this film decided to throw away the talents of the people involved in a simpering version so watered down from the source material that it 's amazing they had the guts to call it Wuthering Heights at all . It ignores the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable , mostly unsympathetic , and frequently cruel to one another . It changes the very nature of certain characters- Isabelle , for instance , in the novel , had not a conniving bone in her body- they 've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore . Heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path , but in this version Catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care . The dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces . In place of depth or actual emotions , we know they mean something when they scream it in someone 's face . I 've read criticism of the early 90 's version , " Emily Bronte 's Wuthering Heights " which featured Ralph Fiennes and Juliette Binoche , saying that it turned an intensely dark , Gothic story into a sudsy bodice - ripper . Slightly valid comments , but the MTV version goes a step further , using the basic story structure to deliver chipper beach bums cavorting to really bad music .
0 What an empty and lack lustre rendition of the classic novel . I do wish people would stop messing about with classics when they clearly have no idea of the real intention or point of the original . This version is no different . I felt that the Ralph Fiennes version is much worse though as the casting of Juliette brioche as Kathy has got to be the worst casting decision EVER ... anyway back to this version . It aims to make the story relevant to a contemporary setting and in a musical style . It succeeds in both but high art it is nit . Throwaway viewing for a rainy day maybe ... The direction was average and the editing abysmal . Worse than the old Quincy . Deepak Verma does a great turn as Hindley and is in fact one of Britains wasted talents . The part of Heath was played with great charm and belief and I think that the casting is the strongest point of this project . Although a more talented director would have made better use of the facilities he had . Its clear that he was a director for hire and did n't instill the project with the passion that it deserved .
0 I just saw this movie premiere on MTV . I must say this was extremely mediocre ( at its best ) . The dialogue does n't explain the story very well , and I was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes . There is n't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting . I just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love . Also , Cate and Heath 's love seems very incestuous . They seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers . I do n't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.<br /><br />I watched this movie because of a few actors that I respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films , but like I said , it 's extremely hard to like any of the characters . Katherine Heigl 's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker . She was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of Edward , and there just was n't enough lines for Aimee Osbourne for me even to critique her performance . Johnny Whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky , he was the only person I sympathized with . As for Erika Christensen and Mike Vogel , they were supposed to be our heroines , but came off as whiny and overdramatic.<br /><br />I just did n't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it . There was a brief appearance of the Christian punk band , MxPx , but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again . MTV did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not . I just pictured something so completely different .
0 awful , just awful ! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy . the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this . they changed so much it is hardly recognisable . which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway , providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment . it 's like one of those Lifetime movies that say " based on a true story " but are completely fictional . there is none of the emotion or depth of the book , just mindless melodrama . if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading , i suggest you try another version .
0 waste of my life , .... the director should be embarrassed . why people feel they need to make worthless movies will never make sense to me . when she died at the end , it made me laugh . i had to change the channel many times throughout the film because i was getting embarrassed watching such poor acting . hopefully the guy who played Heath never gets work again . On top of that i hope the director never gets to make another film , and has his paycheck taken back for this crap . { .02 out of 10 }
0 Dane tries to hard and is to extreme with all of his yelling and going crazy , spilling water on himself and rolling on the floor . To much . Calm down , get yourself together and make us laugh . I did n't quite understand his comparison toward comics and rock stars . Just because there both up on stage or something ? He said that every comedian wants to be a rock star . I 'm sure Rodney Dangerfield was really into that when he was alive . He had a few good jokes like the Burger King joke where people yell at the drive thru . I also liked the Reese 's Pieces joke . If Dane just did n't act so mental he might be funnier and I might have given this a higher rating , as high as maybe an eight .
0 ' A Smile LIke Yours ' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense . I do n't mean that the story was complicated , but the entire plot is based on one thing : a couple 's desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts to conceive children . People who tried that hard must 've forgotten of the option of the adoption , to which this movie is not kind to.<br /><br />Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson , a complete contradiction to anything offered by the women 's liberation movement , exhibiting almost no sense of independence . She is quite a boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind but to have kids . Like a dumb 50 's romance comedy , Greg Kinnear is her submitting husband who likewise displays no personality , no independence , and from us , no interest.<br /><br />They are the two most boring and often annoying characters , and they hardly make for topics of a comedy that should present itself with many mishaps , which should arise from a couple doing all they can to get pregnant . Except , they really do n't do anything except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a whole lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own ( except for that in vitro fertilization number ) . The plot hardly allows for any mishaps , because well , the couple do n't do anything to create any sort of bizarre situation . They just go to this clinic . So what?<br /><br />The subplots are meant to test the faithfulness of the couple , a necessary moral element of the story since the couple does plan on conceiving children together . Jennifer works at a new age shop with her friend ( played by Joan Cusak ) , and they are in the business of developing aphrodesiacs . Christopher MacDonald plays the intrested buyer and Jennifer is the promising negotiator of a pretty price for her and her friend 's product . The subplot hardly offers much to keep you interested ( although Joan Cusak is pretty funny in the restaraunt scene).<br /><br />Danny ( Kinear ) is an architect , who finds an opportunity to make some extra money to cover the clinic bills , by taking on a job in Seattle , where his boss is the crass seductress ( also another hopeless , helpless female character ) who tries to influence Danny ( as dumb as he is ) to have an affair with her once things are conveniently rocky with him and his wife ( for reasons I do n't care to give away ) . Jill Hennesy is good in the role , but her character is too predictable , and too formulaic as a much needed element to create conflict for Danny . It is stupid and once again , hardly interesting . < br /><br />The overall movie itself is utterly boring , and hardly funny at all ( save the restaraunt scene and the airline flight ) . The plot offers nothing that is really attention - grabbing . Even if the story was entirely about two people trying to conceive , the writers could 've figured out several hilarious mishaps to develop out of that . Second , the main characters are completely boring . They are complete silouhettes of dumb 1950s comedies with happy wife and clueless husband . So , even without mishaps present in the plot , the characters themselves offer nothing interesting , let alone funny.<br /><br />Joan Cusak should 've been in the lead and someone else should 've taken Kinnear 's part . Cusak would 've made even a lousy story outrageously funny ( as she sometimes does in her co - starring role here ) . This is definitely one to pass up .
0 The best that I can say about this film is that it was mildly amusing at times , and that it was an adequate time killer . Unfortunately , this film is also so annoying that I wanted to slap these characters around . This is the kind of film that is so sweet , it hurts your teeth . The intentions were good , I suppose , but things get awfully tiresome when the dialogue is SO nauseating . When the two leads are n't together on - screen , this really is n't bad at all , but be afraid during those frequent moments when the loving couple starts talking to one another .
0 This is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste , and nothing remotely causing a smile in the film . The movie is about a couple trying for a child , and those people in real life who are in that situation will wince at the depictions that are portrayed . For instance scenes at a fertility clinic are not in the least funny and are quite frankly embarrassing . The male lead who plays a construction worker and in his hard hat comes across as a poor excuse for a reject from Village People . The female lead is trying to look 20 years younger than she is . Both leads come across as unappealing , unattractive and completely unconvincing . There are various ridiculous and totally unassuming gratuitous scenes in the film , for example with a budget airline , which is devoid of any humor . The only reason I give this 3/10 instead of 1/10 is one mark for Shirley Maclaine , who is a a class above anything else in the pic , and one mark for some half decent(albeit old ) music .
0 This game has the(dis)honor of being the first game that I have stopped playing right in the middle of and felt like smashing into bits and then burning . Congratulations . FIRST and LAST Tomb Raider I will ever play I assure you.<br /><br />Plot : Just typing that word made me laugh . There is n't one . Neither is there character development . We finally have a girl heroine who can take care of herself , who is n't a * beeping*mary - sue , but unfortunately she dresses like a slut and her breast are huge . They had to attract the sexist boy gamers you see . Anyway all she does is go in tomb after tomb shooting things as she goes along . Why she does this I have no idea . I had subtitles on and the t.v . as loud as I could and I still did n't understand a damn thing . The development(or lack there of ) for her , her two friends and the*villains*were laughable . There also will be levels that you have to go through that do - not give you any hint on what you have to do next and you literally will be in most of the boring as hell tombs for HOURS trying to figure out what the hell you are supposed to be doing . There is one course(out of two ) in particular with her on a motorbike(Believe me it is not at all fun)that you will be on for ATLEASE an HOUR with NO save point in sight . That means you get hit by the other motorist and guys in vans shooting at you or you hit a tree you start the hour long trek OVER.<br /><br />Boss Stupid F*ck : You know lets makes the levels very long , have basically no save points , have no story , no character development , give no variety in game play , have most of the music on the longest levels ear - bleeding , and give no hints whatsoever to the player so they can stay even longer in a place instead of getting to the nonexistent plot.<br /><br />Stupid F*ck one : Those sound like bang up ideas.<br /><br />Stupid F*ck two : I concur . Who needs character development , plot , or unboring game - play.<br /><br />Todd : I 'm sorry sir , but these ideas seem like they will extremely p*ss the player off.<br /><br />Boss Stupid F*ck : Shut up Todd . You 're fired.<br /><br />Game - play : All she does is shoot . Of course she can flip while SHOOTING , jump while SHOOTING , or kick while again SHOOTING.But flipping , jumping , and kicking does not erase the fact that all she is ultimately doing is SHOOTING . BORING ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Music : The intro music is extremely beautiful . I love listening to it . The in game music goes from tolerable to wanting to cut your ears off.<br /><br />Visuals : Considering this game was made in 2006 , I was expecting the visuals to blow me away . Well I was blown , but definitely not in a good way.<br /><br />Bottom - line : This game is a plot - less , no character development mess with a barely dressed unmarysuish(THANKFULLY)young women in the lead that goes through boring tombs for some boring reason(what that might be I could n't tell you)with unimaginative shooting gameplay . STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS B.S.!!!!!!!!It 's gets two stars for having a women who is n't a damsel in distress(No matter how scantily clad she might be ) and the beautiful into music .
0 OK , plain and simple , if you are a fan of the other Tomb Raider games ( yes , even AOD ) KEEP AWAY FROM LEGEND.<br /><br />It is , without doubt , the most disappointing TR game yet . It looks very nice , it sounds very nice , but it is totally unplayable and I 've given up . I feel like I 've been robbed by Eidos.<br /><br />It 's very simple . TR was a PC game before anything else . You control Lara using the keyboard . In 6 Tomb Raider games the controls were standard . In AOD they were ' tacky ' , but still the same general control sequences . In Legend they have changed her movement and control methods completely and she is totally uncontrollable.<br /><br />I have seen comments elsewhere from people who say ' Use the mouse ' . No , why should I ? Others say ' Use a gamepad ' . No , why should I ? Others say ' But this has been the standard for 3rd person controls for years ' Well , I do n't care , it is not the standard for any other TR game so why mess with it . Oh , I know , because they could n't care less about their original , loyal fan base , they want to cash in on the new kids who had n't even heard of the series until the movies came out and make lots more money . Pathetic.<br /><br />My advice to any serious TR fan is keep away from this game , and if you do buy it complain to Eidos . I have seen masses of other posts , mainly on the Eidos forums , from people telling them how rubbish it is , perhaps they will listen .
0 < br /><br />I'm not sure who decides what category a movie fits into , but this movie is NOT a horror movie . As for the story , it was fairly interesting , but rather slow . I was especially disappointed with the ending though.<br /><br />**spoiler**<br /><br />Tell me why on Earth does she run over to her uncle 's ( ? ) home without at least calling the detective or the police first ? She knows exactly what 's going on at that point , plus she has a video tape as proof . Instead , she runs over there and starts going nuts and saying " I know everything , I have proof ! You did n't expect proof , did you ? ! " Then she acts surprised when her uncle stands up and starts walking over to her as if he 's going to harm her . Well DUH ! Of course he 's going to harm you idiot , you just told him you know everything and have proof to expose everything . What a dumb ending .
0 Spanish horrors are not bad at all , some are smart with interesting stories , but is not the case of " Second Name " . It is badly directed , badly acted and boring ... boring ... boring , a missed chance for an interesting story .
0 After the overrated success of Amenabar and Balaguero , Spanish Horror Movies spread like a disease in the increasingly sad world of horror movies . The result is all in films like El segundo nombre , a TV - like production bad written , but acted and directed even worse . I did n't read the Ramsey Campbell book , but I 'm sure that the author of The Doll Who Ate Its Mother did n't have much in common with this terrible production . Avoid it at any cost , unless you 're searching for a quiet sleepy night in a fresh movie theater . 2/10
0 I have never seen such terrible performances in all my life.<br /><br />Everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish.<br /><br />Not one decent actor / actress in the whole film , it was a joke.<br /><br />Reminded me of drama at school ...
0 This is one of those films that makes you want the time you spent watching it back , and then some , like the time you spent accidentally picking it out , the time you spent getting to the video store , etc.<br /><br />First off , the look : It 's grainy , it 's low budget . Now that in itself does n't make for a bad film . But the way it was filmed makes the action look unnatural , so that 's kind of distracting.<br /><br />Then , the story . 3 gals go on a gal 's weekend away from guys . Of course , as EVERYONE does when going on a camping trip , they stop on the way to get earrings . When they arrive at the area in which they 're going to stay , they get pulled over by Mr. Ranger Sir , who scolds them for throwing a lit cigarette out of the car at fire season , and then drives them where they 're going ( a remote cabin ) . Of course , 2 " cute guys " wander into their vicinity , and Bambi ( yes , Bambi ) and Aubry are immediately smitten , but apparently Bambi is smitten by anything with two legs . Mady is rather disappointed by this development because she was looking forward to a weekend of forgetting about her ex by getting sh**-faced and stoned with her gal - pals.<br /><br />Oh , and I almost forgot , there 's a mean old hermit that lives up that way , that 's perhaps someone to not tangle with , and the area & cabin in which they 're staying have a sort of " reputation".<br /><br />So of course , sooner or later ( unfortunately , MUCH later ) some of our weekend wood - visitors begin to die , and find various booby traps ( although a couple of them actually hit a little lower than that ) and of course , the remaining campers are understandably upset . No cell phone reception of course ( who would miss out on a chance to check their cell phone for reception in a movie anymore ? ) . Mr. Ranger Sir keeps popping up at odd times & his behavior seems a bit odd but he has said he will get help.<br /><br />There 's a fantastic twist to this that you just wo n't want to miss too , if you 're still awake . Pray that you wake up to a blank screen.<br /><br />The acting in this is terrible , the production values are terrible , and the whole undertaking is just lame & I find it amazing this was even released . Avoid at all costs , 1 out of 10 .
0 " True " story of three girls who go into the wilds of Connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods . This is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across America thirty years ago to mixed acclaim . Not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results . The film is watchable but is n't at all scary ( blame how some of the attack scenes for that ) . Its the sort of film that you 'll probably forget about once you 're done with it . Odds are that you 're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told , " here watch this " , which is what happened to me . If you 're handed a copy give it back , the film is n't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable .
0 After a fairly lengthy partially pixelated nude shower scene , we 're off to the races for this " Blair Witch Project "- esquire horror film about three girlfriends venturing to a desolate cabin deep in the woods to get away from their hectic lives for a girls ' weekend out and smoke pot . They meet two guys who seem friendly enough , so they drink and tell ghost stories , until late in the movie some of them get picked off.<br /><br />This is a fairly slow movie , with needlessly drawn out ' suspense ' scenes , the bad acting ca n't carry the myriad of scenes where nothing happens but mindless banter , and the movie as a whole is a dud , a deathly - boring dud at that . Nothing at all happens until the last half hour and when it did I was to numb to really care.<br /><br />Eye Candy : Ashley Totin shows T&A ; Evy Lutzky gets topless briefly ; and Jennifer Hart shows her right tit < br /><br />My Grade : D
0 HORRENDOUS ! Avoid like the plague . I would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever . Special effects , acting , mood , sound , etc . appear to be done by day care students ... wait , I have seen programs better than this . Opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there . Good nude scenes , but that is it . Sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie . At times I would swear I could hear the roaring of the camera motors . YIKES ! I would like to see another movie on this story , but done by different people . This batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons . Voted 1 out of 10 .
0 I 'm not saying that because the production values were so low , but because it was filmed terribly . That shot of the girl washing her hair in the creek ? Did we really need to sit there for an overlong shot and watch her do that for 5 minutes in the same spot ? It was terrible , the lighting was just plain bad . You could barely see anything and when the characters were talking , you could barely hear what they were saying . Did I watch the whole movie ? Of course not I skipped through most of it , and I do n't want to hear anyone say I need to watch the whole thing first to judge it . This film was so poorly done and executed that even by independent and low budget standards it 's just plain terrible . Awful movie ... don't waste any time on it unless you want a good laugh , but even then it 's not because of the actors " funny " lines , it 's because of how painstakingly bad the production is .
0 Most of the French films I 've seen - and enjoyed - were more talk than action , but that 's okay . I found them interesting , well - photographed and with intriguing actors . ( However , I did at one point wonder if Gerald Depardieu was in every French film ever made ! It seemed that way.)<br /><br />This movie has the same interesting visuals and had a good opening . But then it became talk , talk and more talk .... which is fine for a drama but not for a murder mystery . After awhile , I almost fell asleep watching this.<br /><br />Actually , the film was more like a play with almost all the scenes played out in one room . Thus , if you love plays , you should like this ... but I want a little more bang for a murder story .
0 Green Street , as it was called in the UK , or Hooligans is a bad film . The story is full of fantastical ideas and premises that anyone who lives in England , has been to a football match or knows the first thing about football will spot immediately.<br /><br />My first main gripe with Hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters . Do n't get me wrong , I like Elijah Wood and have a great respect for his work , but despite his best efforts he struggled to pull off this role . The main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger at betrayal , however he spends much of the film placid and cheery , only displaying his pent up aggression in one brief scene towards the end of the film . This linked with his looks and physique make him a thoroughly unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans . At no point during the film was I convinced that a ) he could handle himself in a fight against such thugs and b ) the ' firm ' of thugs would accept such a person into their fold.<br /><br />The other main character is played by Charlie Hunnam . Charlie looks the part , and is fairly convincing as a thug . Unfortunately , being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in the North of England , he demonstrates the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to go cock - en - y in Marry Poppins . Details such as this probably will not bother an American audience who will be less attuned to regional dialect in the UK , but being from the UK it was a problem I could n't ignore and it contributed to ruining the movie for me . The supporting cast all gave convincing performances and were well cast , especially the role of Bover . The lad playing this character would have been much more suited to the main role that Charlie played . With a film like this , you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible , unfortunately , the casting failed . Imagine if you made a film like The Godfather and had Sean Hayes ( Jack ) from Will and Grace playing Michael Corleone 's part . You would not be convinced . The story in Hooligan is also full in implausibilities . I am no football Hooligan , but I am a fantatical football fan . I know how cliquey a group of ' regular ' football supporters can be , as such it deem it impossible for a non - football fan , who is not a fan of the club in question , is not from the area in question and not even of English nationality to be embraced by a ' firm ' who equate to a secret organisation in some severe cases . My final , and biggest , problem with this film , is the way it portrays football hooligans . I take objection to the film 's idea that despite being very violent individuals , hooligans are excused as they live by some sort of code of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to each other . This is complete rubbish . Football hooligans are complete scum . They take football , the national sport of England and use it as an excuse to terrorise , frighten and intimidate people . They only represent a tiny percentage of football fans but give the whole game and people of this country a bad reputation . They are not brave or loyal , they are cowardly and evil . If the ' GSE ' in this film truly loved their club , West Ham , why would the devote their lives to being a stain on its name . Hooligans are an embarrassment to football and to English society . Football hooligans do for the reputation of football what Hitler did to the reputation of Germans . Although this film tries / intends to show the ' gritty ' side of football violence . It does nothing more than promote it as some kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport . It does not show the poor innocent by - standers at football matches who have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins / lighters / glass into the crowd . It does not show the innocent home and property owners who have to put up with graffiti and broken windows . It does not show the REAL fans of football clubs who suffer indignity and embarrassment when their teams supporters are banned from travelling to away matches or abroad to European games because the thugs among them ruin it for everyone . If you want to see a good film about football violence , watch the BBC drama ' The Firm ' .
0 This is possibly the worst film I 've ever seen . The fact that it has a flimsy storyline is bad enough , that they 've hooked it around the subject of football violence makes it 100 times worse.<br /><br />I had severe doubts about the premise of this film even before I started watching , but went into it open minded enough even to accept the way that the writers saw fit to introduce Elijah Wood 's character Matt into the hooligan scene.<br /><br />But the film throws up inaccuracy after inaccuracy , to the point that by the middle of the film each one makes you cringe harder than the time before.<br /><br />Let 's clear up a few things : Hooligans do n't tend to virtually smash up their own pub before a run - of - the - mill league game ; they do n't set out to kill each other ; they do n't ONLY wear Stone Island ( and others in the crowd , hooligans or not , do ) . They most certainly do n't , when having taken exception to a new firm member , trot off to their rival firms territory for pie and mash . And I 'd love to meet the hool who would go and grass on his firm 's top boy to the rival firm . ( Although you can scratch what I said about setting to out kill each other if one does exist).<br /><br />Don't get me wrong , I'm yet to see a film on the subject that does n't contain some fantasy whims , but this is on a par with The Firm for cluelessness.<br /><br />I found it ironical that Wood 's American nemesis is morally condemned by his character for being a cocaine user , when this is part and parcel of the British hooligan scene . The film chooses not to challenge Wood 's morals and instead steers clear of any of the firm using coke.<br /><br />I could go on , but I think I 've made my point.<br /><br />As for the plot , it 's highly unimaginative , and I 'm sure if I had n't spent the entire film bemoaning the points , and more , made above then I would have guessed what was going on sooner than I did . And believe me , I was well in front.<br /><br />I get the distinct impression this film is aimed at men , with the hope that women will enjoy the injection of emotional issues that are raised.<br /><br />If I 'm right , then the makers have failed completely . It 's too unrealistic to be enjoyed by anyone who knows about the scene , and I ca n't believe the kind of female who looks for emotive films would give a damn about any of the characters given their violent tendencies.<br /><br />Are there any good points ? Maybe the fight scenes are well choreographed and filmed , but I 'm rarely impressed by slow - mo action , certainly not when it 's a fight as the point is a ruck is rousing enough anyway.<br /><br />There are some funny , if unrealistic moments . Wood 's trip to school did raise a smile for me . But a few mildly funny moments hardly make up for watching two hours of complete fabricated dross.<br /><br />If you 're British avoid like the plague , if only not to further develop misconceptions of the scene if you 're not in the know . If you 're American , you may enjoy it , as it 's clearly tailored to the market . But no one can deny the plot is flimsy , predictable and ultimately over the top .
0 Where to start ? OK , do n't compare this film to fight club for a start - ridiculous . If it was even a patch on fight club , the violence , blood , gore etc would be much more evident and realistic . Secondly , this film is no football factory - which is so much more real ( and Danny Dyer makes Nicholas Nickelby look like an embarrassment ) . Fair enough , the storyline is quite decent and the fight scenes are well choreographed - with a decent ending i might add . But the film on the whole is poor , seriously poor . As people have been mentioning the accents should not spoil a film - i disagree - either a simple casting error , or a lack of effort in coaching the voices caused the film to be irritating all the way through - it was obvious from scene one some American / Geordie was playing the role . Do n't get me wrong , good looking guy , who looks great with a skin head - but no not a football hooligan . I could go on forever about how ridiculous the football scene was - the ' fake steward ' situation . Also , when the GSE are going to play United up north , they go on the train expecting only 3 of them - does n't make any sense - this a real organisation of gangsters and thugs , which is portrayed in the film to be some mickey mouse cult of about 5 people . In terms of accuracy - did West Ham and Milwall not play for the last couple of years they have been in the Championship together ? Hmm , ten years OK . And I 'm sure ' Bother ' would be able to just waltz into a Milwall firm pub . Basically , a very poor film which people will like if they have little knowledge of real football , and hooliganism . If you do actually love football and are intrigued by the underworld of hooliganism , , you will simply feel as though this film has insulted your intelligence . Ross George
0 First some background ; I am English and have lived in London all my life . I have been to many games at ' The Den ' and most other London club grounds . I am familiar with the type of person who gets into hooliganism and I know just how they act and how they speak . Have to say this is a bad , bad movie . I can tell you that Green Street is one of the most unrealistic movies I have ever seen . I spent most of the movie cringing with embarrassment . I felt I should write a mini review because I felt I needed to point out a few things.<br /><br />a ) People just do n't talk like that in London in real life ; the filmmakers took the whole slang thing too far and made it sound stupid . Unfortunately hooligan types do exist , but those you see in Green Street are more like parodies . b ) The actor who plays Pete Dunham ( Charlie Hunnam ) unfortunately sounded about as ' English ' or ' Cockney ' as Osama Bin Laden . He 's from up north in Newcastle and I 'm just amazed any of the other actors could keep straight face acting alongside him - how are we supposed to take him seriously . Why they did n't just get someone from East London to play that part is beyond me . I could have done ' a bang up job ' myself , hehe . c ) Mr Frodo . I mean how can I be expected to take seriously Elijah Wood kicking the ass of people twice his size and who are genuinely nasty hooligans . He 'd be dead . Simple as that . Honestly ( as a Brit ) it was hard to watch this film . I 'm pretty sure this film will bomb here in the UK . It may do a little better in the states because the Americans just wo nt know ( or care ) how inaccurate it is . < br /><br />Please my American and foreign friends , do n't believe a word of this nonsense . Yes these firms do exist but it 's all extremely underground and hush hush , and on a vastly smaller scale . The movie only gets a 2 from me because they actually filmed some of it in London . Usually they try to film these things in Cardiff ( Wales ) or something and expect us all not to notice .
0 I 'm sure to people watching this move outside of Britian this film will be an entertaining watch , but for someone from the UK it 's painful in it 's errors.<br /><br />Right at the start of the film Elijah Wood gets off a tube at Bank station , which has been trashed . He says to his sister , who he 's meeting , " What happened here " and she replies " Oh Tottenham were in town yesterday " ! ! ! Tottenham are in town already .. they 're part of the town , they do n't have to go there ! And if Tottenham fans wanted to fight other fans the last place on earth they 'd do it is Bank station , where there are probably more security cameras than anywhere else in the world.<br /><br />There are several other similar errors but the biggest failing for me is the actor who plays the lead hooligan . He clearly decided it was n't worth trying to speak with an East End accent and instead opted for a Dick Van Dyke style mock - ney which made my ears bleed . It was accentuated by the fact the rest of his gang all spoke in the way you 'd expect West Ham fans to speak . This error made him unbelievable in the role and really spoilt the film .
0 Let 's just say I had to suspend my disbelief less for Spiderman than I did for Hooligans . That is , to say , I have less of a problem believing Toby McGuire can stick to buildings than I do Elija Wood throwing down with toughs in Manchester . I wo n't get into specifics , as I do n't want to write a spoiler , but the idea of grown , professional , British men getting into near death scraps every weekend is , well ... funny . And this film is not . The fighting , the idea of fighting , is taken far too seriously . The gravity of the pugilism , the reverence with which the subject matter is treated becomes irritating , as it neither establishes or resolves the conflict . It seems as though the plot , with holes big enough to drive a Guiness truck through , has been slapped together with a contrived " fish out of water " theme so that viewers can gaze into Woods teary eyes as he learns how to become a man ie . hitting other young men of opposing football tastes with blunt objects and then running away as fast as he can . The characters are cartoonish , especially the Americans at Harvard . The character development and story line are telegraphed to the viewer throughout the picture . Unfortunately , the absurdity of the film does n't reach its height until nearly the end , which by then you 'll have spent nearly two hours of your life you are never getting back . Pick up " The Football Factory " or " Fight Club " instead of this corny , and disappointing dud . It does n't waste time with empty melodrama , the tired old " Yankee in King Aurthur 's Court , " or weepy , parables of coming of age bullsh*t . They 're just pure , dark , and clever fun ; the way violence is supposed to be .
0 This movie was probably about as silly as The Naked Gun ( which was supposed to be ) . Case in point:<br /><br />1 . In order to fake her drowning Roberts is secretly taking swimming lessons at the YWCA . After her " death " the YWCA calls her husband at work to give their condolences . HELLO how did they get his work number?<br /><br />2 . Before she leaves town she drops her wedding ring in the toilet . Days or even weeks later her hubby finds it in the John . Does this mean the toilet was never flushed?<br /><br />3 . No explanation is given on how she is paying for her mothers care in the retirement home ( since she did it behind her RICH husbands back).<br /><br />4 . Towards the end of this tiresome film Roberts suspects her husband is in the house . Instead of running for her life she runs to the kitchen instead to see if the cans are stacked neatly .
0 Julia Roberts obviously makes a concerted effort to shake off her cotton wool Pretty Woman persona with this spurious spousal abuse thriller , but it 's hard to imagine she 'd end up putting in a performance as powerful and convincing ( and oscar winning ) as she did in Erin Brokovich based on the back of this rubbish . And make no bones about it , it 's nothing more than a Julia Roberts vehicle , but unfortunately , her performance is not the most lacklustre thing about it.<br /><br />The plot has all the markings of a late night made - for - cable , and do n't be under the impression that it will offer any insight into the dark world of domestic abuse because non of the characters are sketched out enough for you to really care . < br /><br />Ultimately disappointing and unsatisfying , without Roberts ' name above the title , I 'm sure it would have totally flopped , deservedly .
0 " Sleeping With the Enemy " is a predictable , ' been there before ' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try . I ca n't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.<br /><br />The complete lack of originality from the Ronald Bass screenplay ( based upon the Nancy Price novel ) does not help , nor does the stale direction of Joseph Ruben or the very average performance from Julia Roberts . The supporting cast including Patrick Bergin and Kevin Anderson do little to help.<br /><br />There really is n't a lot to say . Just give it a miss.<br /><br />Sunday , April 14 , 1991 - Hoyts Cinema Centre Melbourne
0 What a powerful start to a film when Julia Roberts character is punched in the face by her abusive and anal husband played by Patrick Bergin and I felt ready to experience a powerful film on the same level as Farrah Fawcett 's The Burning Bed . Well , as the summary says I was mis - lead . This film was nothing like The Burning Bed , which had power and Farrah played the part of a woman you truly felt for , and felt her pain and her need to survive . Sleeping with the Enemy drifted off after the first act into cheap thrills with Roberts faking her death to escape her husband and goes to live in Iowa . Her husband at first believes she is dead but starts to grow suspicious that she may still be alive and sets off after her . The rest of the movie is basically a cat and mouse game with Julia getting a house in this small town in Iowa and changing her identity .... there is no mention of course how she got the money for this but at this point in the film I did not care all that much . She meets a guy ( Mr. Nice wimpy ) and falls for him and her husband does finally catch up to her but not before he re - arranges her soup cans and straightens up the kitchen . This was I assume to provide a cheap thrill to the audience . But I did not care much if she was an abused wife because the film as I have said cheated the audience . If it had stayed the course I might have felt for her and her situation . Of course the husband is killed and all is well for little ol Ms Roberts . If only the real world was anything close to this .... See the Burning Bed and you understand what a film is suppose to be like on the subject of domestic abuse .
0 Yes there are worse movies out there . Most of them made for fun , on a shoe string budget , or as a t.v . movie of the week , but even if this was the ' movie of the week ' it would rate no more than two stars . It is a poor movie about a serious subject featuring an abused woman who flees the king of the slime people in to the protective arms of the king of the wussy people . ( If this is an attempt to show that she does n't need a man to protect her than wuss man is superfluouse to the film and ought not to be in it at all ) . It has no suspense , no character development , and an heroine that could be outsmarted by a rotton onion . ( I think she flushes her wedding ring on a boat with a self contained tank rather than just dropping it overboard in the ocean ( where her body should be anyway ) and after the husband finds her , demonstrating that she is a moron , she still makes childish assumptions that lead to almost getting her killed . ) I am always amazed when I see the sort of generally high rating a movie like this gets and it makes me realize that Dr. Seuss still has a huge untapped market of people who would be challenged by his work . After I get done laughting at humanity I weep .
0 " Serum " starts out with credits that are quite reminiscent of the " Re - animator " movies , and it owes a lot to them . The story is very similar ; a mad doctor develops a serum that he believes will alleviate pain , sickness and death , but he 's apparently not a big believer in clinical trials and so winds up with a brain - eating zombie on his hands in the person of his nephew . The zombie even looks like one of those from " Re - animator , " and in fact some of the make - up effects in " Serum " are n't bad . Unfortunately , the script is pretty slow and unbelievable in quite a few places , resulting in a soap opera feel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie . For some reason , the director feels compelled to tell us the time of day every few minutes by flashing it in big white letters across the screen . I ca n't see why this was important , other than being an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of time passing ; sometimes , that would n't be present otherwise as the plot plods along.<br /><br />There are a number of moments that just do n't add up here . For instance , one victim is bludgeoned with a sledge hammer , but when we see the victim 's head up close , there 's no sign of that trauma . In another scene , a character runs down a fully lit hospital corridor ( we can see the circles of light on the floor , in fact ) with a flashlight in hand , looking for all the world like he 's walking in the dark ... but a moment later a second character walks down the same fully - lit corridor without one . These are just a couple of examples ; moments of what look like directorial or editorial sloppiness crop up quite frequently throughout the movie.<br /><br />"Serum " is better in some ways than much of what goes straight - to - video as independent horror lately . In terms of technical items  sound and photography , for example  it 's got a more polished look than a lot of what lands on a DVD . On the other hand , there 's still a good deal of wooden acting ( particularly by one of the lead characters , the mad scientist himself ! ) and nonsensical moments that have nothing to do with suspension of disbelief and everything to do with writing and continuity . Maybe these are things that the people involved with making this film will eventually get more experience with , though . One of the problems with low - budget independent horror lately is that the filmmakers often set out to remake more popular movies that had bigger budgets , and that almost never works out . It did n't in the case of " Serum , " anyhow .
0 Serum is about a crazy doctor that finds a serum that is supposed to cure all diseases through the power of the mind . Instead it creates some kind of monster that needs to eat human flesh and brains . The mad doc creates some zombies out of cadavers and has some problems . There is a very long lead into all the action with many scenes getting you acquainted with the characters . The mad doctor 's nephew gets into a car accident and the mad doc tries to use his new serum on the boy . The results are not good . This is a class C film with OK acting but some troubles directing and some continuity errors . There is n't much zombie action in this one and the effects , while adequate , are nothing special . You can fast forward through the slow parts and get some enjoyment out of the action scenes . Watch out for some nudity and bad language .
0 Dr. K(David H Hickey)has been trying to master a formula that would end all disease and handicaps , but needs live donors to complete his work . His doctor brother Richard(Dennis O'Neill)has a son named Eddie(Derek Philips)who is accepted to medical school . Eddie has a girlfriend named Sarah(Lizabeth Cardenas)who is pre - law and plans to attend law school herself the coming fall . She and Eddie resume their relationship when Sarah calls things off with her current boyfriend who is also shagging the lady of Walt(Bill Sebastian;Eddie 's best friend who recently paid for his cheating girlfriend 's boob job ) . Eddie accidentally gets hit by a car and appears on the throes of death when Dr. K makes a suggestion to Richard .. let him " recuperate " Eddie using his secret , illegal methods . When Dr. K applies his serum to Eddie horrifying results occur . Eddie 's face bulges massive warts while he has also acquired a taste for human flesh . Many will die so that Eddie can feed this uncontrollable appetite he ca n't quench . Soon he may even pose a threat to his father and girlfriend .. Eddie Monster must be stopped.<br /><br />Typically awful direct - to - video horror flick suffers from a severe lack of budget , acting , and overall talent . The premise , which seems like an interesting fright - fest , fails to deliver even as a zombie flick . The gore is limited with a few munching scenes but most of the violence occurs off - camera . The use of time to move the story along can really get annoying .
0 Serum starts as Eddie ( Derek Phillips ) is delighted to learn he has been accepted into medical school to carry on the family tradition of becoming an MD like his father Richard ( Dennis O'Neill ) & his uncle Eddie ( David H. Hickey ) , however his joy could be short lived as Eddie is involved in an accident & is run over by a car . Taken to the nearest hospital it does n't look good for poor Eddie so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to let him save Eddie with the serum he has developed , a serum which will give the recipient the power to self heal any sort of wound or illness . Desperate for his boy to live Richard agrees but the procedure has unwanted side effects like turning Eddie into a brain eating zombie which is just not a good thing ... <br /><br />Executive produced , written & directed by Steve Franke I 'll be perfectly frank myself & say Serum is awful , Serum is one of those no budget horror films which tries to rip - off other any number of other 's & ends up being slightly more fun than having you fingernails pulled out with pliers . The script is terrible , it has the whole Re - Animator ( 1985 ) feel to it with mad scientists wielding huge syringes trying to eradicate death but it 's so boring it 's untrue , the first forty minutes is nothing more than a really dull soap opera that amounts to nothing expect to pad the running time out with Eddie arriving home after spending some time away & finding his ex - girlfriend has hooked up with someone else , arguments with his step - mom , getting drunk with his mate & generally boring the audience stiff . So , once the tedium of the first forty minutes is over & if your still watching it it takes another twenty minutes to get Eddie re - animated & then he kills a couple of people , police catch up with him & shoot him , the end . Thank god . Serum is devoid of any of the characteristic 's that one would associate with a good film , the character 's suck , the dialogue is poor , it takes itself far too seriously , it 's dull , it 's slow , it 's forgettable & considering it 's meant to be a horror film there 's an alarming lack of blood , gore or horror . Not recommended , did I mention Serum was boring ? I thought so.<br /><br />Director Franke does nothing to liven this thing up , although competent there 's no style here at all . The gore levels are none existent , there 's a bit of splashed blood , a bitten neck , a couple of scars on a dead woman 's face , a couple of scenes where a needle pierces skin & that 's it . Do n't expect a Re - Animator in the gore department because if you do your going to be sorely disappointed , much like I was in fact . Filmed in what looks like one house , one restaurant & a lab the film has no variety either & just looks cheap throughout . There 's a couple of scenes of nudity but that 's nowhere near enough to save it.<br /><br />Technically the film is n't too bad , at least it looks like proper cameras were used , I ca n't really comment on the special effects because there are n't any but generally speaking Serum looks reasonably professional . Apparently shot in Texas , or should that read it should have literally been shot in Texas ? The acting sucks although again I think they were proper actor 's rather than friends or family of the director.<br /><br />Serum is a terrible film , it 's dull , slow , boring , has no gore & feels like a horrible soap opera for the first forty minutes . I do n't understand why anyone would feel the need to watch this when they can watch Re - Animator or one of it 's sequels again instead , seriously I recommend you give Serum a miss . There I 've just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life , you can thank me later .
0 I don't'know ... maybe it 's because I 'm Brazilian but all that stuff was too much . Too much love for the music , too much parties , too much contrast between the nice lives of the main characters ( come on , it 's not so sad ) and the aspect of the city shown by the director . Everything looks too fake to me : the families , the relationships , the music , the " happiness " . It simply sells a little taste of fake latinamerican culture . I must be honest : it did seduce me a little , but who would not be seduced by that fake lives made of nice music , sex and parties ? I 'm not that stupid : what kind of world is this one in which people do not suffer of diarrhea , profound sadness and STDs ? I liked the scene with Caridad 's mother phone call and the discussion about the contract with all the musicians and the Spanish people .
0 " Triumph of Love " is proof that not every Comédie - Française author who uses cross - dressing disguised courtship like Shakespeare is worth seeing . < br /><br />Or maybe something was lost in the translation of this adaptation of Marivaux , a Commedia Dell Arte - inspired playwright of whom Brittannica says : " His nuanced feeling and clever wordplay became known as marivaudage . " < br /><br />While Mira Sorvino has fun dangling three mixed - up romances , her pants role was n't even up to Cherubino in " Marriage of Figaro." < br /><br />The herky - jerky editing is annoying and just seems to indicate that a lot of takes were needed for each long speech.<br /><br />Best was Fiona Shaw as the fooled spinster , as well as the costumes.<br /><br />The glimpses of audience we see and the closing curtain call to wink that this is all artifice does n't really help.<br /><br />(originally written 5/29/2002 )
0 Let me be clear . I 've used IMDb for years . But only today I went through the trouble of registering on the site , just so I could give this movie the lowest possible rating . I 've seen hundreds of films , some of them bad , a few awful . Never , though , have i seen such a contrast of pretense and incompetence , of high intentions and failure.<br /><br />Mira Sorvino is horribly cast as the princess , but entirely unbelievable as Phocion , a young boy . Fiona Shaw is always an entertaining character , but the dialogue in the film is much worse , even , than in the insipid French play that is the source ( Marivaux never reached Hollywood until now , and we should keep it that way).<br /><br />To illustrate , for example , that Leontine is a brilliant , passionate philosopher and scientist , she is shown frantically pouring chemicals from beaker to beaker , shouting out names of famous scientists . And the romance between Agis and the princess is played even sillier . For this , the pair should receive a joint ' Clair Danes ' award , which in a just world would be awarded for gratuitously anachronistic and uninspired re - interpretation of interesting teens from literature as brats of the 1990 's ( see Miss Danes in Les Miserables).<br /><br />Aside from the atrocious plot and dialogue , there are some attempts to introduce artistic tropes into the filming . For example , there are moments when a handful of spectators are faded in and out of view of the action , sitting in chairs , watching the principal characters . The Director wants us to realize she 's adapted a play . I get it . But it does n't happen at all until far into the film . At that point , seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment , then disappearing , is creepy and distracting . They 're like some sort of un - scary zombie crowd , appearing through the mists , filling us with dread . When you see the horrible frolic and song that ends this movie , you 'll want to rouse your own crowd of zombies and kill them all for the grave injustise of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes.<br /><br />-Matthew McGuire
0 Yikes . This is pretty bad . The play is n't great to begin with , and the decision to transfer it to film does it no favours - especially as Peploe does n't decide how she wants to treat the material 's theatrical origins ( we get occasional glances of an observing theatre audience etc . ) and has decided to go with a jumpy editing style that is intended to keep reminding you that you 're watching a film , whereas in fact it only serves to remind you that you are watching a very poor film by a director who is overwhelmed by her material . Mira Sorvino 's central performance is breath - takingly poor : stage - y and plummy , it 's as if she 's playing the part via Helena Bonham - Carter 's Merchant Ivory oeuvre . Only Fiona Shaw delivers a performance of note - and it may be that her theatrical pedigree means that she is best able to handle the material - but it 's hard to watch a film for one performance alone , even if that performance is as light , truthful and entire as Shaw 's . Ben Kingsley turns in an average and disengaged turn , and Diana Rigg 's daughter , Rachel Stirling plays her supporting role as just that . Sadly , none of Bertolucci 's magic has rubbed off on his wife if this film is to be the evidence .
0 I borrowed this movie from library think it might be delightful . How wrong am I!<br /><br />It is such a bad movie that I have to write something about it . Mira Sorvino is SO bad in the movie , it is very painful to watch the scene with her . She is a pretty girl , but in this movie , She is not seductive at all , but I will have to witness her awkward attempt to seduce almost all the other major characters . It is so ridiculous.<br /><br />And the dialog of the film is so pretentious , and lack the humorous fact that make then acceptable.<br /><br />Totally failure .
0 " The Triumph of Love " does n't triumph over anything . It is a plodding , ponderous , 4 hours of torture . Actually it 's a little less than 2 hours long , it just seemed much longer . It pains me to even think about the amateurish performances of such fine actors as Ben Kingsley and Fiona Shaw . The supporting players are not quite as awful . Maybe they were trying to be so over the top , so as to be clownish , but , if so , I did n't see it that way . Mira Sorvino does n't make an impression one way or the other . She(he ) 's just there . My guess is , the play of the same name , written by Marivaux some 270 or so years ago , is much better . It could n't be any worse . Clare Peploe , the writer and director of this movie , was inspired by a recent production of the play . I do n't know what she was thinking when she created this bomb . < br /><br />Maybe it all got lost in the translation .
0 I gave this movie a rating of 1 ( Awful ) . The only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is Ben Kingsley , who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.<br /><br />Mira Sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply ca n't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.<br /><br />Stupid , stupid story and horrible production . Do NOT waste your video rental $ .
0 Gods , I have n't watched a movie this awful in a long while . Maybe not since ' The New Guy ' or various Freddie Prinze Jr. movies . Yes , it is that astoundingly awful . Mira Sorvino 's blank and wooden acting surely must 've been inspired by Freddie . The movie staging was awkward ( like a play , rather , and that feeling of confinement does NOT work well on film ) . The actors had no idea what they were doing , especially Sorvino . Her accent was awful and her sex appeal non - existent here so it was painful to see her ' seducing ' other characters and they ' falling ' for it . And what was with the occaisional shots of a live audience in lawn chairs ? Nonsensical ! I had to turn the dvd player off , it would have been self - inflicted pain to finish this film .
0 I rented this movie , thinking it looked like a wonderfully delightful historical piece . What I got was a piece of pure garbage . This movie was confusing in most spots , choppy in almost every spot and dreadful in all spots . Mira Sorvino 's portrayal of a queen playing a young male scholar was depressing at best . Ben Kingsley should have been stripped of his knighthood for even considering this film as one of his projects . Fiona Shaw should definitely stick to playing Petunia Dursley ; at least the Harry Potter movies are more entertaining than this thing they call a play within a movie.<br /><br />The cinematography looks like some college kid took a class in Cinematography 101 and failed miserably . Almost every scene in the movie is chopped up for some sort of effect ; the end result of course being the cheesiest bit of editing I 've ever seen . Jay Rodan was almost good as Agis ; too bad he had such a bad script to work with . Rachael Stirling gives her best effort as the almost gullible lady in waiting . In the end , I really wish Blockbuster Video gave refunds . I 'm so glad I did n't spend 10 bucks watching this fiasco in the theater . If they 've been performing this Marivaux play since the 18th century , it makes me wonder how many people over the ages have had their best naps during this work . If I had been there , they would n't have hear the play over the snoring . Thank goodness for the modern convenience of DVD players ; you can skip past the boring or awful scenes . Guess that means I only watched the beginning and the end !
0 I really wanted to like this movie a lot more than I did . That 's because I love wacky foreign comedies -- particularly the strange ones that catch you completely by surprise . However , although this one frequently caught me by surprise , these were almost never pleasant surprises . It reminded me of South Park in that nearly EVERY social norm was violated until the only ones left to broach were too sick to be funny . For example , after exploring adultery , drug abuse ( of nearly every sort -- ranging from pot , heroin , speed to glue sniffing ) , prostitution , S&M , suicide , murder , etc . , the movie got to the hilarious ( ? ) topic of pedophilia . Mom encouraged her one son ( who looked about 12 years - old ) to sleep with neighboring men . In fact , at one point in the movie she gives this boy to the dentist in lieu of payment for dental work ! Funny ? ! You 've got to be kidding . This movie just goes too far and delves into the " black hole of comedy " . What should they make fun of next , cancer or rectal tumors ?
0 Tatie Danielle is all about a ghastly old hag who torments her loving and oblivious family out of sheer spite . There 's a bit of subtext that might be about France 's colonial past but it 's mostly just Danielle doing the sorts of things ( like deliberately abandoning a small child in a park ) that would soon have a man picking up his teeth with broken fingers . Sadly , that does n't happen here . It looks good and the acting is fine and there 's nothing really wrong with the concept but it 's just so SMUG . God , does this movie love itself . Pity it is n't nearly as clever or as funny as it thinks it is . The only impetus in the show - sorry , movie - comes from Danielle getting nastier and nastier , and the only surprise comes from watching the increasingly improbable ways she does this . That 's right : just like in a sitcom , which is what this is , with the added ' bonus ' of delusions of grandeur and a 110-minute running time .
0 This agonizing comedy - drama got surprisingly sterling reviews upon its release in 1979 . I remember opening the movie - section of the L.A. Times and looking at a 2-page advertisement for " Chapter Two " filled with glowing captions like : " Better than ' The Goodbye Girl ' ! " and " Neil Simon does it again ! " What does Neil Simon do ? He takes an autobiographical situation ( remarrying too soon after the death of a beloved spouse ) and makes it rusty , unpleasant and -- worst of all -- unfunny . James Caan plays Neil -- er .. that is , George -- a writer who ca n't seem to get back into life after losing his wife ; enter spirited Marsha Mason ( real - life Mrs. Simon ... soon to be ex - Mrs . Simon ) who attempts to love George despite his moods and general melancholy . Mason is very appealing here and might 've saved the day were it not for Caan 's indifference ( not to mention a sub - plot concerning painfully - thin , blonde Valerie Harper which brings the proceedings to a screeching halt ) . I liked Mason 's outburst at the end ( " I am wonderful ! I am NUTS about me ! " ) , but I saw no happy ending for these two people ... and time proved me right . * * from * * * *
0 Thanks to a dull , dimensionless screenplay by Neil Simon , and lackluster direction from Robert Moore , Chapter Two becomes a shrill showcase for Marsha Mason who received her third of four Oscar nods for Chapter Two giving the same performance here that she gave in Cinnderella Liberty(73 ) , The Goodbye Girl(77 ) , Audrey Rose(78 ) and Only When I Laugh(81);only this time she does n't have a child to drag around . Chapter Two is the third and last feature film for Moore having previously directed Neil Simon 's The Cheap Detective(78 ) and Murder By Death(76 ) . Caan is miscast , the characters are mono - dimensional , the dialog is overly analytical , and there 's virtually no establishing detail . The first half is a less - than - captivating , meet cute , coy romance between a blinkered Caan and a chipper Mason , and the dreary second half makes you long for the first half . The NYC locations as well as Joe Bologna , and a painfully thin Valerie Harper are irrelevant , but at least they provide some welcome distraction . And last and least , there 's an awful song played during the credits .
0 What a piece of stupid tripe.<br /><br />I wo n't even waste time evaluating any of the points of this show . It 's not worth the time . The one comment I will make is - why get such a DUMB , inarticulate doofus to be the star?!?<br /><br />There are n't many more dismal testimonials to the deteriorating mental condition of the networks than the fact that FOX has stated it will NOT bring back John Doe ( a decent series ) but WILL bring back brain - dead drivel like Joe Millionaire for yet another round of killing the brain cells of the american public.<br /><br />FOX has lost it , IMHO .
0 You loose 100 IQ points just for tuning in . This show has to be awful , I refuse to tune in from just what I 've seen in commercials . Where did they dig this guy up at anyway ? Also , what do they intend to do next season ? The secret is out . Everyone already knows the set up ? Are they going to look for people who has been living under a rock to star in next season ? Where are they going to dig up more stupid women ? No wonder America is a big joke to outsider's , look what you are watching ! !
0 Final Score ... who cares - it 's a reality show . It has no love for it 's audience , it panders to lazy TV viewers , puts nothing in and gets nothing out.<br /><br />"Joe Millionaire " , the most blatantly phony reality show of them all , is a television disaster of epic proportions . It 's a watershed , rock bottom moment , not only for Fox , but for the American viewing public who actually watch , like and talked about this crap the next day . You people ought to be ashamed of yourselves . Because as much as Fox promotes this junk it wo n't make any money unless it 's watch by people ( and boy was it , the finale got nearly Super Bowl numbers ! ? ) . It does n't bother you people that there are many quality shows written , directed , acted and generally have effort put into them that are being cancelled while you sit back and lap up this effortless , cold game show?<br /><br />I used to be a staunch supporter of Fox . It 's those of us like me who like and seek out quality TV that helped build Fox back in the days of Married ... with Children and The Simpsons . Conveniently enough , now neither of those shows would make it 6 weeks with the current management . The Gail Berman " reign of terror " as it 's often called . The network has waged war on scripted TV AND , strangely enough , it 's fans . The very people who helped build them in the beginning . Now , not only do we have to fight for good shows , but we have to fight against their own network . It boggles the mind . Nothing Fox , has done in the past 3 years makes any sense . From canceling hits like " Titus " , " Futurama " and " John Doe " ( NBC can renew " Boomtown " , but Fox ca n't lift it 's pitiful head to give the only decent show they had this season another shot ? ) . And the reason they can do all this : the success of junk like " Joe Millionaire " . They can now say " We do n't need you TV fans , we have reality shows " . They apparently seem to have no idea that the big audience the draw with this junk is fickle and WILL abandon them the second the next fad comes along . To alienate their base like this will eventually kill the network the way it has set back ABC.<br /><br />The show itself is a joke . Here we have a premise , in the now classic Fox gimmick , that promises us something different and edgy , but then delivers something not in any way different from " The Bachelor " or anything on the big 3 . Fox has gone mainstream . The finale and " twist " ( quote / unquote ) showed they have no ideas up their sleeve . Now we know that all these shows , no matter how different they look , will all end up the same cornball , fairy tale ending . We got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actors that the network picked out of millions of head - shots to fit their demographics parade around like high school bimbos pretending they liked this Evan Marriott because ... well because it was a competition and that 's what you 're supposed to do . Marriott himself is like a hideously disfigured Chro - magnum man who struggles to put together the simplest sentences . But , how can the women ( all average to ugly looking by the way - an important minus is a guilty pleasure show like this ) not fall for " Joe " with such charming lines like " Look , you 're not stupid".<br /><br />I used to think that people who watched these reality / dating / game shows were just to lazy to change the channel , but after " Joe Millionaire " I think they must be genuinely mentally deficient . Come on people , have a little more pride in yourselves . Demand a little bit more from your entertainment then THIS.<br /><br />Boycott FOX .
0 < br /><br />I watched this movie just a little while ago and I found that this movie was terrible ! It moved very slowly and was hardly entertaining!<br /><br />Sorry for all those that liked it .... this is only my opinion !
0 A film about the Harlem Renaissance and one author in particular . It contrasts it with a modern day story about a young , gay , black artist.<br /><br />If that sounds vague it 's because the movie itself is . It 's well - directed , fairly well - written and ( for the most part ) well - acted . Also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white . Also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does NOT shy away from sex scenes ( not that explicit and no frontal ) . Still , I mostly hated this.<br /><br />The film meanders all over the place , is full of unlikable characters ( including the main protagonist ) and ( this is the killer ) moves at a snails pace . Three times I considered leaving the theatre because I was so utterly bored . But the director WAS there so I stayed . < br /><br />His talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete . I really wish I could like this more ( there are VERY few films dealing honestly with gay blacks ) but I ca n't . Unless you 're very interested in the Harlem Renaissance there 's no reason to see this .
0 Uh oh ! Another gay film . This time it 's showing the black side . Bet your last dollar it 's gon na have an unhappy ending ! But WHY ? With only less than a half dozen exceptions , ALL gay films have to end in death or an " addio " finale . It 's like all the European Film Noir releases in the 40 's , 50 's , 60 's , and 70 's . The lead ... male or female must die or ride off alone into oblivion . Why in God 's name must writers , directors , and producers have the audience leave the theatre feeling depressed ? After all , it 's supposed to be gay ... not glum . Maybe the category should be changed to a ' glum ' film . A large percentage of gay relationships DO last and the couples DO ride off together into the sunset ! No matter who writes or produces , he only shows the down side of gay life and gives the incorrect impression of gay lifestyle . This movie just proves my point . If you rent the DVD , take an antidepressant , for here comes another ' gay ' film ! This is WRONG !
0 Another of many nearly forgotten movies cranked out by Poverty Row in the 1930 's , resurrected by the magic of DVD.<br /><br />Starring stock Universal player Lionel Atwill ( often a supporting actor in numerous Frankenstein movies ) as a pair of twins involved in a murder racket . One kills the victims ( stockbrokers involved in a scam ) and asks witnesses for the exact time , while the other is deaf and is proved " innocent " because he could not have spoken to witnesses.<br /><br />Of course , where it falls apart is if it was a congenital deafness , would n't they both be deaf ? Oh , well.<br /><br />Atwill does a pretty good job here , faking being deaf and mute . Unfortunately , no one else here can really act worth a darn .
0 This one is a real bomb . We are supposed to believe that Merle Oberon is the sequestered daughter of an ambitious politician who must prove to the Tom DeLay of the 1930s that he is worth supporting as a presidential candidate . Poor Merle ca n't go anywhere , but is surrounded by politicians and their quacking , quaking wives and supported only by kindly uncle Harry Davenport . She joins her two maids on a blind date and Gary Cooper happens to show up . Some shots of rodeo might have enlivened things , a la " Misfits , " but no such luck with this one . Gary later breaks in to a formal dinner , at which Merle is presiding , and , though invited to sit down and join the group , reads them a lecture on their snobbery . Where did this diffident cowboy 's sudden eloquence come from ? The most excruciating scene in the film is a phantom party that Gary holds in his unfinished house for his absent wife , Merle . Will it never end ? One to avoid .
0 The subject is certainly compelling : a group of people take their love of gaming one step further by creating a fake medieval world full of warriors , kings , princes and castles . Wargaming is an interesting phenomena that delves into our collective need to " escape " from reality and the sometimes mundaneness of our existence -- something almost everyone can relate to . The characters are the predictable mix of Lord of the Rings nerds and Star Trek enthusiasts . That 's enough to get most people to watch . However , very quickly the film turns into an insider 's view of wargaming with an almost stereotypical thumbing of the nose to viewers who " do n't get it " . The filmmakers seem to take the subject of wargaming , and this particular one , waaaaay too seriously rather than once in awhile recognizing the humor and fun in making a film about adults drssing up in medieval gear and pounding each other with foam swords . It 's pretty hard for anyone who does n't sit on their computer for 7 - 10 hours a day playing games or desiging the latest star destroyer to understand what the characters are talking about and why we should even care . However , the filmmakers themselves seem not to care choosing to focus solely on the subject of the game itself rather than building a strong narrative with a clear story that anyone can understand . Moreover , the characters themselves are not that compelling and you quickly become bored of them : a big no - no when you 're trying to keep people 's attention for 90 minutes .
0 " Everything a great documentary could be " ? ? Yeah , if one is deaf , dumb , and blind . Everything but meaning , wit , visual style , and interesting subject matter . Aside from that . . .<br /><br />Seriously , volken . This is a movie that is completely inauthentic . An adventure doc with no adventure , a war doc with no feeling for war , a campy send - up with no trace of wit . It means nothing , feels like nothing , and carries the implicit message that absolutely nothing matters . No wonder it has so many IMDb fans ! Of course , going in you know a movie starring the great Skip Lipman will have no culture , no intelligence , no wit ( other than a corrosive adolescent jokiness ) , and no recognizable human emotion  just adrenaline . " Darkon " is n't a movie -- it 's a panic attack ! Avoid . There too many real documentaries and too little time in life to waste it on toilet build - up such as " Darkon " .
0 As a " lapsed Catholic " who had 11 years of Catholic school , but has n't been to Mass in 35 years except for weddings and funerals , I thought I 'd get a kick out of this . And I did . . . for the first two - thirds of the movie . It was all the standard stuff -- strict parochial school teachings , repressed sexuality , etc . But then , suddenly , the movie turned mean . REALLY mean . Now mind you , I saw this before the pedophilia scandals hit . . . and maybe I would n't have been quite so offended at such nasty , hateful digs at the Catholic Church if I 'd known about those abominations ( such a Catholic term ! ) and coverups.<br /><br />It 's been a few years since I rented the video , and I wo n't go back to rent it again with a new perspective . It just left such a dirty , nasty , ugly taste in my mouth . . . I wonder what experience all the actors had with the Church , because either they * really * hate it , or they whored themselves for the paycheck . It 's an incredibly anti - Catholic movie , offensive to anyone who has a glimmer of a gleam of respect for Catholic education . Which I still do because there were no better teachers back in the ' 50s . Whatever else those nuns did , they forced me to learn how to read and write the English language . They made us memorize . ( How many kids today can do simple arithmetic in their heads ? ) Truth is , there 's nothing more essential for success in America . Can ya read ? Can ya add / subtract / multiply / divide ? Great . You can get any advanced degree you want . And the discipline of Catholic education will stand you in good stead , not just as you continue your studies , but also for the rest of your life , no matter what you think of the Catholic " mythology " we all had to learn.<br /><br />Such a great cast , such a lousy , rotten script . I really feel bad ( and no , it 's not " badly " -- trust me , the nuns taught me better ) for the writer and director.<br /><br />I thought I had mixed emotions about Catholic school . But the participants in this project must 've been those bad ( ie.e , stupid ) kids who sat in the back of the room , if they were willingly involved in making this movie .
0 This is a film that takes some digesting . On the one hand , we are offered a tough outward shell , a story that does not only derive the Catholic Church , but does so foolishly , and uninformed . On an inner layer , we are offered a story of orthodoxy over orthopraxis , and what happens when people follow blindly a faith that they must not understand.<br /><br />At first glance , it appeared this was supposed to be a comedy . If so , then Mr. Durang needs to open a dictionary , because he clearly does not know the meaning of the word . The jokes are pale ; the humor is awkward and poorly delivered . In particular , Ms. Keaton 's performance is flighty and over the top , well below the quality of her Annie Hall and Sleeper days . Jennifer Tilly is again the model of stridence , with her hi - pitched voice and whining style . All of this could be forgiven if it were n't for the last 20 minutes of this movie , that evidently was a controversial play made in 1981.<br /><br />***Careful , spoilers ahead***<br /><br />It all starts with the appearance of four former students of Sister Mary Ignatius ( Ignatius , by the way , is a male name , and a nun would not adopt it after her vows under any circumstance simply due to that fact , just to show you how much tireless research went into the project to begin with . ) When they all admit that they do n't live up to the church 's teachings , the sister proceeds to become irrational and abuse them in a manner the audience is to believe she did way back when in the corny , all - too - cliché sepia - tone flashbacks . When one of them admits to having two abortions , the nun becomes even more abusive , until the pupil pulls out a gun . After wrestling it away from her , the nun kills the pupil , presumably in self - defense . She then goes on a screaming rampage , killing a gay former student because of his sins . The last shot is of the dead female pupil lying in a Christ - like pose as a shadow of a cross hangs over her . Can you say ` heavy handed ? ' I knew you could!<br /><br />I know there have been abusive nuns in the past , and I know many people have been emotionally harmed as a result , but this imagery is fed down our throats in almost every other shot in this train wreck of a movie . I have heard from the writer and the director that this is a film about hysteria and why one should not follow the orthodoxy so religiously , no pun intended . This explanation is hard to swallow , though , simply because we are never given an authoritative viewpoint that is not biased against the catholic faith in one way or another . This film is simply anti - Catholic tripe , which in the name of fairness and equality , is mean spirited and hateful.<br /><br />This is a film I would recommend for a catholic , namely to awaken him or her to the realities of what cynicism and ignorance they face today . If it were ` Rabbi Ray explains it all ' or ` Imam Muhammad explains it all ' , there would be rioting in the streets and Showtime would lose all of its subscription . But , sadly , because this is a film that strikes out against what is perceived to be the majority , it is accepted and even applauded by those who share the same spiteful point of view.<br /><br />I certainly hope every member of that cast was a practicing catholic , so it was n't just ignorance that brought them to make this film.<br /><br />I give it 1.5 stars out of 5 , not because of its offensive nature , but because it was poorly written , poorly directed and just a bad movie in general . Do n't even waste your time .
0 I am a Catholic taught in parochial elementary schools by nuns , taught by Jesuit priests in high school & college . I am still a practicing Catholic but would not be considered a " good Catholic " in the church 's eyes because I do n't believe certain things or act certain ways just because the church tells me to.<br /><br />So back to the movie ... its bad because two people are killed by this nun who is supposed to be a satire as the embodiment of a female religious figurehead . There is no comedy in that and the satire is not done well by the over acting of Diane Keaton . I never saw the play but if it was very different from this movies then it may be good.<br /><br />At first I thought the gun might be a fake and the first shooting all a plan by the female lead of the four former students as an attempt to demonstrate Sister Mary 's emotional and intellectual bigotry of faith . But it turns out the bullets were real and the story has tragedy ... the tragedy of loss of life ( besides the two former students ... the lives of the aborted babies , the life of the student 's mom ) , the tragedy of dogmatic authority over love of people , the tragedy of organized religion replacing true faith in God . This is what is wrong with today 's Islam , and yesterday 's Judaism and Christianity .
0 A less - than - subtle poke at the beliefs and teachings of the Catholic Church is given a darker shade of death near the end of the show . Throughout the show , dark humour plays a medium through which several commonly heard rhetoric questions are asked , especially " If God is so good , why does he allow evil to exist in the world?" < br /><br />Diane Keaton is excellent in her role as an exaggerated version ( though some might disagree ) of they stereotyped religious teacher who spouts the " company line " and condemns half the world to burn in Hell . To celebrate her school 's 25th anniversary , she invites her first students to return and perform their Christmas pageant.<br /><br />However , when the quartet " update " their play to parody Sister Mary 's " fallacious " teachings , the nun is pushed over the edge , sending the story spiralling into a chain of unhappy events . The ending finally leaves the audience with a sick feeling in their hearts.<br /><br />Not recommended . Go watch the play instead .
0 I have always said that some plays by their very nature just ca n't be translated to film , and this one is a prime example.<br /><br />As a play , this is a very funny farcical satire of the Catholic church , with a razor wit and a central character who is so shockingly unreal we have to root for her even when she starts murdering her parishioners ( one of whom made the fatal mistake of admitting he had not sinned since his last confession , so she feels she is sending him straight to heaven).<br /><br />That 's just one example of how far outside of reality the play goes , and in the make believe world of the theater , it works . However , that kind of heightened reality rarely works on film , and it certainly does n't here.<br /><br />Director Marshall Brickman has assembled a fine cast who do great work , but by presenting all this absurdity in a realistic fashion the comedy becomes tragedy and you are left with an empty feeling in the pit of your stomach.<br /><br />Seek out a production of the stage play instead , you wo n't be disappointed .
0 Christopher Durang must have been taught by a memorably awful nun , because he just ca n't let go of the concept . The play , " Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All For You , " was presented -- at least in Hollywood -- in precisely the same tone as Diane Keaton 's lecture scenes here . Sister Mary was an exaggeration , a lampoon , a bitter satire of a serenely confident , doctrinaire and highly judgmental nun -- and as played by Lynn Redgrave , she was hilarious . But the movie insists that we take this exaggeration absolutely seriously -- while , as mentioned , maintaining the same tone in the " explains it all " scenes . The two approaches clash headlong and in the last twenty minutes , the movie goes off the track , plunges into the gorge , and explodes . There are no survivors . It could have worked , if the tone of the scenes with the four former students , and their encounter with Sister Mary , been pitched the same as the Sister Mary scenes . Or if the Sister Mary scenes been presented more realistically . This way simply does n't work at all .
0 Broad enough for you ? Wait till you see this heavy handed < br /><br />adaption of a little collegiate one act . What is shocking and wild in < br /><br />college rarely holds up over time , and this is proof . To take on the < br /><br />Catholic Church with broadside humor just is n't shocking or < br /><br />interesting or funny , it 's kind of boring . The performers are all < br /><br />game , giving all they 've got , but it 's basically a play that doesn't < br /><br />open up to film well . Not a lot of fun .
0 I would have given it a one instead of a two , but I suppose it COULD have been worse . I guess the acting is n't all that bad , but the plot lacks anything even remotely close to interesting . It is a terrible movie ! ! TERRIBLE ! Complete waste of time ! I strongly suggest you do not watch this movie . ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 Michael Rooker is a decent actor , but he has no business being the lead except in a low budget movie . He really does not have much charisma . Ryo Ishibashi has a lot more screen presence , and sadly he is not really the main character . Most of the screen time goes to the brick - faced Rooker.<br /><br />Danielle Harris ( from the Halloween 4 and 5 movies ) plays his daughter , and she is cute and entertaining but she is written as not being too smart and one of her dumb mistakes gets one of the main characters killed . Comedians Fred Willard , Bobcat Goldthwait , and Stephen Furst are here in interesting roles . Just watching what happens to these characters is priceless . < br /><br />Vincent Schiavelli plays the Consigliare to the local Mafia Godfather , and it is hard to tell whether or not he is working the movie as a comedy . Tim Thomerson is also in this movie . He seems to be in every extremely low budget direct - to - video action movie . Thomerson is also in some low - budget comedies . Seeing so many comedians and comic actors in this film made it feel like a spoof . Is it a parody of a Yakuza movie ? It is hard to tell at some points . There is certainly very little Yakuza action . < br /><br />The supporting cast of Thugs and Goons is menacing and well cast . Some of these kinds of movies have Thugs that look like they work at the local Comic Book Store or as stock boys at Piggly - Wiggly . Overall this movie is very uneven . At some points it seems like a comedy or a parody . Then at other points it works as a good action movie . Then it sputters to an end . Without the contributions of Danielle Harris and Ryo Ishibashi this movie would rate a Zero in my humble opinion .
0 Typical formula action film : a good cop gets entangled in a mess of crooked cops and Japanese gangsters.<br /><br />The okay result has decent performances , a few fleeting snicker - inducing moments , and some fair action sequences -- plus a chance to check out the gorgeous Danielle Harris -- who makes the most of her perpetual typecasting as a rebellious teen daughter.<br /><br / > * * out of * * * * .
0 Strictly a routine , by - the - numbers western ( directed by genre - mainstay Andrew V. McLaglen , so is that any wonder ? ) . Army colonel Brian Keith spars with smarmy bandit Dean Martin , who has just kidnapped the colonel 's wife ( Honor Blackman , who never found her niche after playing Pussy Galore in " Goldfinger " ) . Fist - fights , shoot - outs , stagecoach robberies and Denver Pyle in a supporting role ... in other words , absolutely nothing new or original . Talking in a low monotone throughout , Keith gets to dally with a prostitute ( something of a shock after his run on TV 's " Family Affair " ) , but otherwise this low - rent material wastes Keith 's amiable talents . It 's also bad news for Dino , who does n't seem to notice or care . Hack direction , poor writing and several unfunny attempts at lowball humor . * from * * * *
0 A reporter , Craig Milford , who works for The James Keller Public Telecommunication Center , has an interview with a German professor of a Floridian university , who made an unknown creature based upon some substance of meteor(s ) . But then a man named Anderson , who is trying to control the whole planet with the creature , and his man kill the professor and his assistants and plunder the creature . So Craig and his new female psychic partner , Joanna Fitzgerald , who can communicate not only with human being but also with alien friend(s ) of the creature , begin to find the creature and try to send it to an alien spaceship ... This film has some great casts and staffs . For instance , it has the actor , David Warbeck of THE BEYOND , the actress , Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY , the special visual effects creator , Sergio Stivaletti of Dario Argento 's masterpieces , and the director ( and also the story- writer ) , Alberto De Martino of THE MAN WITH ICY EYES and THE KILLER IS ON THE PHONE . And these talented people make an incredibly bad film , named , nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM which is essentially a confusedly combined film of CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND with E.T.THE EXTRA - TERRESTRIAL . And this not - only - confused - but - also - crammed film has something worth ; genetic engineering with psychical research . Consequently the film has at least one scientific and/or technical flaw ; genetic engineering and psychical research are never compatible . ( Strangely enough , regarding this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychical research , the leading character , Craig , himself says THERE MUST BE A BETTER EXPLANATION to the short - haired psychic , Joanna . But , after all , the whole story of the film does n't and ca n't present any kind of BETTER EXPLANATION . ) In addition , this film has something more laughable ; its problematic music . What the composer , who is credited as Robert Marry , provides is nothing but the strangely insistent BEVERLY - HILLS - COP - tasted music . I do n't want to say this Italianised theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP per se is particularly bad music , but I have to say it seems to be manifestly clear the music does not have the fitness for this film per se at all . Indeed just who can think BEVERLY HILLS COP has the compatibility with genetic engineering and/or psychical research ?
0 The basic premise of " Miami Golem " most definitely deserves a spot in the top , say , fifty of most demented cinematic plots ever scripted down ! I know top 50 does n't sound too impressive , but I 've seen a lot of really weird films with lunatic plots . I was prepared from something convoluted , because the film was directed and co - written by Alberto De Martino , who was one of Italy 's most ambitious and creative but sadly underrated film makers . De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful blockbusters , like most Italian directors did around that time , but he always adds a lot of stuff to make it even more complex , confusing and overwhelming . Not all of De Martino 's films are worthwhile , but some of them are extremely underrated , like " A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta " , " Holocaust 2000 " and " Formula for a Murder " . The concept of " Miami Golem " contains elements from numerous great Sci - Fi and adventure flicks ( like " Alien " , " Starman " , " Close encounters of the Third Kind " , " ET " ,  ) but I would n't exactly call it a rip - off . The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another film is the opening synthesizer theme song that sounds almost identical to Harold Faltermeyer 's Axel F. from " Beverly Hills Cop " . The rest of the film is an amusing hodgepodge of fantasy , Sci - Fi , action , horror and superhero - movie gimmicks . It certainly does n't always make sense ( most of the time it does n't , actually ) but " Miami Golem " is undeniably an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my mate and I fascinated from start to finish.<br /><br />The plot is extremely difficult to briefly summarize but I 'll try anyway . Sceptical journalist Craig Milford is reporting the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone it . The DNA cell belongs to an evil alien force that already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and it will unquestionably destroy the whole of mankind as soon as it grows large enough in size . If this is n't problematic enough already , the rich Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks that he can manipulate it and use it to obtain world domination . With the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise , Craig Milford has the difficult task of safeguarding the planet from the evil fetus . Okay , I know all this sounds grotesque and silly , but I assure that " Miami Golem " is in fact a light - headed and easy digestible flick . The first half of the film may come across as overly hectic and confusing , because Alberto De Martino attempts to keep the plot secret through the use of preposterous red herrings . There are subliminal ghostly appearances , supportive characters behaving exaggeratedly mysterious for no real reason and at a certain point there are even speculations about the lost continent of Atlantis . This is all misleading padding material , however , and as soon as the set - up is more or less clear " Miami Golem " turns into an ordinary early 80 's popcorn action movie with bloody massacres , flamboyant chase sequences ( in the Florida Everglades ! ) , explosions , gratuitous sleaze and nasty little fetus - monsters in jars.<br /><br />Now , I really do n't want to raise the impression that " Miami Golem " is a lost and undeservedly obscure gem of Italian exploitation cinema . Make no mistake , this is a pretty bad movie ! The events only become endurable if you accept the stupidity and incoherence of the plot and if you do n't succeed in that , well than this is just a non - stop spitfire of negative aspects . The acting performances are painfully awful . Particularly B - movie veteran John Ireland , as the archetypal James Bond villainous character , does n't seem the least interested in the script . You can tell from his grimaces and by the way he delivers his lines that he also thinks the whole production is retarded and simply signed up for the paycheck . Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust - object ever , and the person who drew the marvelously chaotic VHS cover must have felt exactly the same way , because the ravishing girl on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie . What an embarrassment this must be for Mrs. Trotter . Still , her completely gratuitous nudity sequences compensate for this , as she 's quite hot from the neck down . And , finally , there 's the unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol ! I do n't think even John Rambo can do this , while he 's a beefcake Vietnam veteran and Warbeck 's character is a simple TV - reporter .
0 This budget - starved Italian action / sci - fi hybrid features David Warbeck as a Miami reporter who is chosen by the ghosts of the people of Atlantis ( ! ) to stop an evil businessman ( Academy Award nominee John Ireland ) from using a telepathic fetus grown using spores from an asteroid to rule the world . You got all that ? Despite such a loopy plot , this is actually quite a bore and the RAIDERS OF ATLANTIS sneers at it with contempt . Honestly , the most ( intentionally ) creative thing about this flick is the slight reworking of Herbie Hancock 's BEVERLY HILLS COP theme for the opening titles . The most unintentionally creative bit involves a scene in a lab that is inexplicably shown twice back - to - back . Perhaps director Alberto De Martino wanted to get all avant garde on us in the twilight of his career ? I was going to declare this Ireland 's worst film on his resume but then I saw SATAN 'S CHEERLEADERS was listed on there . I would also like to safely declare that I am probably the only person in the history of the world to do a double feature of this and Hitchcock 's VERTIGO .
0 All I can say is , before watching the movie I did not have a hint indication who Annemarie Schwarzenbach was or what was her life story .. and I have to confess that the movie was hardly a help to reach these data .. and even it was not successful to persuade me to do some research by typing few words on google website ; however , all I can say is that the actress Jeanette Hain was great with her mute facial expression she really played well and showed a deep depression mental status , as it is in real.<br /><br />After all , based on the script the movie has happened in turkey and Tehran as well as Afghanistan .. but believe me I am familiar with the area , it was all about an Arabic desert in morocco .. Turkish people and persian people are completely different in face and culture as well as in language which is not arabic .. <br /><br />I suppose for making a film like this- documentary type- a thorough research about all these minor elements is mandatory ..
0 The movie 's storyline is pat and quaint . Two women travel through the middle east and discover themselves . Unfortunately , if you are looking for a movie about the middle east and central Asia this is absolutely terrible.<br /><br />The producers of the film either did no research or were unbelievably lazy when filming it . To begin with , and most glaringly incorrect , the Nuristanis , as they were known in the thirties , and indeed since the 1890s and their forceful conversion by Abdul - Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan , were not nomads . In fact they have not been nomads since the Aryan invasions of central Asia over three milenia ago.<br /><br />Second , the city that is filmed as Tehran is not Tehran , which is understandable , however the geography of the area around the city could not be more strikingly DIFFERENT than the city of Tehran , which is surrounded on all side by a large mountain range , which predominates all of the cities views.<br /><br />Third , Persian , despite the fact it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan , is never heard in movie . When there are native speakers who do not speak in German they speak in Arabic . The ' Persian ' guards at the border , in fact , say to each other ' Ma hadha rujal ' ( This is not a man ) and not ' in mard nist ' as it would be in Persian . Also , the love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish . While talking in the garden one of the main characters says that the Quran uses the words ' Ferdos ' and ' jehaan ' and makes some reference to drugs afterwords . These words certainly never appear in the Quran as they are Persian for Paradise ( indeed , Ferdos and Paradise are very distant cognates between our languages ) and ' World ' respectively , though Jehaan is admittedly close to ' Jehennan ' which is hell in Arabic . When they encounter the nomads in the desert the language spoken is also Arabic , this despite the fact that there are NO native speakers of Arabic in Iran and Afghanistan and its use is primarily religious , with some use in education at that time.<br /><br />When they are stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border the people they encounter are wholly unlike any Iranian group . Their tents are typically bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile . In Iran it is also extremely uncommon for people to wear Turbans unless they are a cleric . The language spoken is clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of ' Ahlan wa Sahlan . ' When they do reach Kabul the desert they find themselves in is sandy , totally unlike the rock dirt that is found in the arid parts of the Hindu Kush mountain range . There is an absence of the light green scrub that covers the ground in the summer and spring . The area is also not wholly consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name , The Indian Killers , because of its difficult and limiting ground.<br /><br />In short , the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and it is still weak and common place . It lacks any real draw to it , being merely the tale of two women trying to learning about themselves as they get to Nuristan , however , even that is still - born and no real development is felt , leaving the characters in the end just where they were in the beginning and nothing has changed except that world war two has broken loose . In short , this is a really bad movie that I would have rated at one star except for the good footage of Bedouin and the deserts of the Levant , even if they are misnamed .
0 Whatever the merits of the film , it is poorly researched . As others have pointed out , the movie shows locals in Iran speaking in Arabic , rather than Persian . That is enough to lose credibility for anyone who has the slightest knowledge of the area or the country . The landscape could not be more different from the actual.<br /><br />Other factual errors : A train is shown to be operating in Afghanistan , while Afghanistan does not have railways . The Turkish ambassador is wearing a Fez ( the red hat ) , whereas the Fez was banned by Turkey much before the time in which the movie is set . The Turkish ambassador 's daughter is actually dressed as an Indian , and Indian classical music is playing in the background in many scenes . I suppose the filmmakers meant to show an exotic woman , and sari was what they decided would make her exotic .
0 Usually I love Lesbian movies even when they are not very good . I 'm biased , I guess ! < br /><br />But this one is just the pits . Yes , the scenery and the buildings are beautiful , and there is a brief but beautiful erotic interlude , but otherwise this movie is just a complete waste of time . Annamarie alternates between sulking and getting high / stoned / passing out on whatever drug or booze is handy , and Ella inexplicably puts up with this abominable behavior through the entire movie . At no time are we given any insight into why this is so , or even why Annamarie is so depressed and withdrawn.<br /><br />If there had at least been some kind of closure in the ( potentially romantic ? we do n't even know ! ) relationship between the two , there might have been some kind of satisfaction . But although Annamarie at one point asks Ella " why do you love me ? " Ella does n't even acknowledge this . It 's never really clear whether this is anything more than an ( ill - behaved ) Lesbian on a boring road trip with a straight woman.<br /><br />Even the interactions between the two women and the local people they meet on the journey , which could have been lively and informative , are instead flat , tedious and mostly incomprehensible.<br /><br />There is one good joke in the movie , although I 'm sure it was unintentional . The women travel in a two - seat Ford coupe with a middling sized trunk . Yet when they set up camp , they have an enormous tent , cots , sleeping gear , and even a table , chair , and typewriter ! On top of that , when they board a ferry , we see piles of luggage , presumably theirs , presumably also carried in the little Ford 's trunk ! < br /><br />And through the entire film , we never see one gas station , or anywhere that looks like it would actually have any place to buy gasoline . Mostly they travel through endless miles of desolate desert . So where did they get fuel?<br /><br />There may not be too many Lesbian films out there , good or bad , but there are plenty that are better than this , and very few that are worse . Leave this one in the rack .
0 We went to the movie with a group because the play we were going to was cancelled . It is without doubt one of the worst movies ever . It is not that i do n't like cult - movies I do . But nothing happens in the film . One does not feel any connection with the characters whatsoever . endless times without dialog . And the car . How do thay carry a huge tent and beds chairs and clothing for every day in that car ? It is a two seater ! I have to say however the scenery is beautiful , but not in a movie , the director should have made a photoshoot of the movie , so that we could skip about 80 minutes of useless time in with nothing happens anyway.<br /><br / > I would not recommend it , as it is a waste of your time
0 One of Frances Farmer 's earliest movies ; at 22 , she is absolutely beautiful . Bing Crosby is in great voice , but the songs are not his best . Martha Raye and Bob Burns are interesting , but their comedy , probably great in its time , is really corny today . Roy Rogers also appears- in a singing role . In my view only worth watching if you are a Frances Farmer fan , and possibly a Bing Crosby fan .
0 " Tapeheads " , a scrappy , intermittently funny spoof of the music video business , might have been the perfect comedic short , and stars John Cusack and Tim Robbins are effortlessly in the swing of the nonsensical chaos involved . They play two semi - savvy security guards in Los Angeles who start their own company , Video Aces , making hilarious videos for groups , parties , and one deathbed star . It 's too bad the filmmakers had to invent a dim side - plot to pad the running time ( shenanigans involving a crooked politician and his henchmen which does n't do much except take away from the movie 's primary strength , sending - up the music culture of the late-'80s ) . Still , Cusack and Robbins create a couple of originals here : nerdy but loose , street - smart without being hipsters or posers , these guys are on the same nutty wavelength , and they never put each other down . They 're the real thing in buddy - comedies . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 Tim Robbins and John Cusack are two actors I have appreciated throughout their careers , and that was the only reason for choosing to watch this movie . Well , all I can say is I totally regretted it ! These two great actors humiliate themselves all the way through by performing a number of irrelevant , unimaginative and kitch to the extreme ( not that this is bad on its own)sketches that are supposed to make people laugh , but fail to do so . The only reason I can think is that the director was their friend , and they decided to support his movie by starring in it - I ca n't think of anything else because this movie is SO cheap ! Fortunately Tim Robbins and John Cusack have n't disappointed me ever since . I would recommend you to avoid this film , unless you want your opinion about the two actors spoiled .
0 One of my sisters friends lent me this game , and it is too damn hard ! It carries the appearance of a kids game , but you have to learn how to do tons of intricate moves that require you to twist and turn your hands into all sorts of awkward positions , and you have to search seemingly endless levels for 100 notes , to improve your ' score ' ! You also have to find these impossibly hidden jigsaw puzzle pieces , that require you to do almost impossible tasks to get them ! AND I AM ONLY UP TO STAGE THREE ! ! ! ! ! Maybe if you have no life nad can stay home all the time you might get some enjoyment out of this , but otherwise keep away ! AND IT IS DEFINATELY NOT RECOMMENDED FOR KIDS - THEY WILL PULL THEIR HAIR OUT WITHIN THE HOUR !
0 My complaints here concern the movie 's pacing and the material at hand . While using archival film and letters lends the film a fresh and interesting perspective , too often the material selected to highlight simply is n't very interesting ( such as when Goebbels complains about this or that ailment , & tc . , or the ad nauseam footage of his small German hometown ) . Also , the movie crawls along in covering c. 1920 - 1939 and then steams through the war years . In sum , the film is little better than a History Channel documentary , with the exception that the filmmaker has a slightly greater sensibility than your average History Channel documentary editor and thus can more artfully arrange the details of Goebbels ' life . Still , I found it wanting .
0 December holiday specials , like the original Frosty , ought to be richly - produced with quality music and a wholesome , yet lighthearted storyline . They should have a touch of the mystical magic of the holidays . Basically , they should look , sound , and feel ... well , " special " and they should have a decent and appropriate December holiday subtext.<br /><br />So when I saw Legend of Frosty the Snowman in the TV listings , I got my kids ( 6 and 8) pumped up for it by telling them the story of the original Frosty and passionately relating how much I enjoyed it as a kid . As my wife and kids cozied up on the couch to watch the movie the expectations were high , but 10 minutes into it my kids were yawning and my wife and I were giving each other " the look " and rolling our eyes . After 35 minutes my kids were actually asking to go to bed -- I guess they were fed up with the insensitive language and pointless , disconnected segments . I was actually embarrassed about their ( and my ) disappointment with this movie.<br /><br />Unfortunately , Legend of Frosty the Snowman is more like a bad episode of Fairly Odd Parents crossed with a worse - than - normal episode of Sponge Bob than a classic holiday movie . Do n't get me wrong ... those shows are fine and I like them as much as the next guy , but when I watch Fairly Odd Parents or Sponge Bob , my low expectations ( for mediocre , off - color , zero subtext , mind numbing episodes ) are always satisfied.<br /><br />We picked out some good books and spent the rest of the evening reading together . A much better choice than the embarrassingly bad Legend of Frosty the Snowman .
0 The John Goodman program was pretty awful , but this thing just plain stinks . The one and only thing in this mess that made me smile was recognizing the voice of Patrick Starfish as Frosty . The story is hopeless , written by somebody who has garbled memories of childhood rebelliousness but has never gained any adult sense of perspective in the intervening years . Paranoia rules the dark world that these characters inhabit . Everybody is unpleasant , and for no reason . The plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable , unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there is no fun in watching it . The worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow !
0 I disliked Frosty returns and this one . Both of the films are absurd with poorly written characters and bad voices . The voices could have been done but Frosty returns was worst than this because of the unalike snowman they drew . Frosty 's winterwonder land was great and so was the original heartwarming Drama . The only good thing about this film was Frosty the snowman was alike of the classic 60s and a funny line like when they were talking about things that are not real and then Frosty walks by the window humming , whistling whatever he was doing but everything else was badly written and badly animated and I barely got the plot . I saw the DVD cover at the library about 2 or 3 years ago and the art looked crappy so I did n't pick it up until this year because the pictures on the back looked a little touching but I played this film . It was a hassle poorly art characters just like the DVD and it was just terrible about what 's going on . I watched this at night and found it dull that I fell asleep on the whole thing ( Wait I always do that when I watch something while I go to sleep ) But this movie was overall boring < br /><br />Overall rating : Grade -C < br /><br />This is like another holiday special bad rip - off in the frosty returns and this one . This one is the badly 4th sequel like Home alone 4 well i thought that movie was OK but home alone 3 was great . But it 's like a bad home alone 3 and 4 people hate like this . My sister did n't watch it that much because when she came into my room to watch 2 minutes and a half of it , she walked away like " I hate the animation ! " I agree to her just like the 3rd one Frosty returns . Plain awful !
0 A young scientist is trying to carry on his dead father 's work on limb regeneration . His overbearing mother has convinced him that he murdered his own father and is monitoring his progress for her own evil purposes . A young doctor uses reptilian DNA he extracts from a large creature and when his arm is conveniently ripped off a few minutes later , he injects himself with his formula and grows a new murderous arm ... Admittedly the special effects in " Severed Ties " are pretty good and grotesque , but the rest of the film is awful . The severed arm is behaving like a snake and kills few people . Big deal . The acting is mediocre and the climax is silly.3 out of 10 .
0 A young scientist Harry Harrison is continuing his late father 's scientific research into limb regeneration with flying colours , but his interferingly dominate mother and her doctor lover want to sell off the serum . When he finds out , there is an accident involving Harry losing an arm . So , he tries out the serum and what eventuates is a genetically deranged arm that has a mind of its own.<br /><br />Oh we 've seen this oh so many times before , but what lifts this very campy and quite rubbery shonky junk is the performance of movie icons Elke Sommer and Oliver Reed . Actually it 's not a bad flick by Fangoria films ; just there are better ones out there , which are similar in vein . " Servered Ties " simply lacks it own distinctive style . The oddball nature and unpleasant splatter resembled " Re - animator " and even a touch of slapstick stuck out like something from " Evil Dead 2".<br /><br />The comic story is truly whacked out with it 's black humour , but it can get melodramatic and a bit in dry in the fun factor . Surprises do crop up , especially the flick 's final outcome . Which is well accepted , as I thought it could have copped out with something more accessible . For a low - budget production the FX makeup can look rigid and very goofy , but there 's some grotesque moments that will make you smile than actually cringe . Even a brush of sexual tension streamlines the story , thanks to Elke Sommer 's sternly juicy performance as the mother . Oliver Reed is quite humorously deadpan in a wicked sense and he pulls it off extremely well . They were both immensely diverting as the couple you loved to hate . Billy Morrisette is delightful in a erratic performance as Harry . Director Damon Santostefano briskly paces the film and orchestrates some stylish scenes of gripping and bamboozling horror.<br /><br />Yeah it 's juvenile and basically silly nonsense , but you got to hand it to it for some undemanding entertainment .
0 The TV guide described the plot of SEVERED TIES as thus : " An experiment on a severed arm goes awry " so right away I thought this was going to be about an arm that`s got a mind of its own as seen in THE BEAST WITH FIVE FINGERS or THE HAND or someone getting an arm transplant as in BODY PARTS . Both premises are tried and tested , or to be more accurate tired and tested so I was curious as to how the producers would approach the story . I actually thought they were making an arthouse movie like PI down to the use of B&W photography at the start of the film but the makers seemed to have tired of this approach after 20 seconds and decided to make a splatter comedy similar to THE EVIL DEAD . I`ve very little to say on this except that I disliked THE EVIL DEAD movies and I disliked SEVERED TIES and it seems really unfair that films like this use an obscene amount of rubber when the third world is crying out for condoms
0 If you like occasional nudity with junior high school level slap stick comedy , then look no further.<br /><br />Starting at about the halfway point , the beautiful and erotic Arielle Dombasle starts disrobing at every opportunity . That is the only thing that made this movie worth watching.<br /><br />The story is both lame and preposterous , the humor is corny , and character development is basically non - existent .
0 Oh man , I know what your thinking : " With a title like that , I ca n't go wrong ! " Uh yes you can . I too , loved the title , but man I hated the stupid kid that played " Satan 's little helper " I hated the mom too , and the sister / daughter , and her boyfriend - I hated all those people ! Man , it was agony watching this sometimes ! The ONLY reason this does n't get 1/10 is becuz condsidering the low budget , they did OK . But oh man did I hate those actors , so stupid ! I knew it was going to be bad , I guess they saved a lot of money on just using halloween masks for the killer , and the Jesus costume at the end was really stupid too . Oh the agony , do not watch !
0 I 'm going to say first off that I have given this film a 3 out of 10 after some thought . I was going to give it a straight out 1 but it got a couple extra points for the body count . But that would be about it . Let me explain . I paid literally £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I tend to have a lot of faith in bargain horror flicks , B - movies especially . But if this film was aiming for B status as I suspect it was for a number of reasons ( which I 'll touch on in a sec ) then it failed magnificently . Not only did it shoot for B and miss , it landed somewhere around F. This film had so many opportunities to be good and it pretty much failed on all accounts . I say above that it 's likely this film was aiming for B status and it seems to try and achieve this by trying to blend humour with horror , which can either be very good or very bad . For example , later Freddy films ( Dream Warriors onwards ) are all about Freddy 's style and nose - thumbing , which works out great ! But this film completely bombed in that respect because the times where they tried to inject humour were mostly just stupid . I will admit though that towards the beginning of the film the humour was good . In fact , for about half an hour I liked this film and was prepared to congratulate myself on another good find . BUT what really killed this film for me was the inappropriate kills . For instance , when ' Satan ' smashes the cat against the board and writes ' boo ' with it 's blood using its body as a brush . Or when ' Satan ' slams the door into the helpless disabled elderly woman . Now I 'm not usually too against senseless kills in films - hey , that s the point , right ? But in those two cases I just found it grossly offensive and unnecessary to anything in the film - plot especially . For me , the film went downwards from then on . One major bad point about this film is that I hated every character in it . The kid , Dougie was just ridiculously annoying ! ! ! I 'm at a loss to explain how he could possibly write off all those bodies and people being killed in front of his eyes as a trick ! I mean , come on ! ! ! I completely understand that to be in a horror film a character does have to be somewhat stupid , like running upstairs when you should blatantly be running out of the house screaming for help , but this kid took the biscuit ! I wanted to kill him myself by the end of it ! It was completely unbelievable and if I had to hear him say ' duh ! ' one more time I was going to bang my head against a wall - because that s what watching this film felt like . Why did n't i just turn the film off ? Mainly because I honestly believe an ending can sometimes redeem a film . But I was wrong in this case . The ending did NOT redeem this film , it further irritated the hell out of me and was inadequate to the plot line . I get it already ! The killer is always going to come back dressed as someone else , be welcomed into the house by the stupid kid and go on a killing spree again because no one suspects him in that costume ! I GET IT ! This film made me physically angry because it was so stupid ! And if by some foul mistake you do end up watching this film , watch out for the intestines . Frankly , if that guy actually did have intestines that looked like that , I 'd be surprised he was n't already dead , let alone until someones rips them out and ties them to a chair.<br /><br />In fact , I 'll even go so far as to say that the only character I liked at all in this film was actually the killer . Purely because when his ' comedy routine ' worked , it did work . All in all , the plot line of this film dragged anything that might have been good down . Why was the killer killing ? I do n't know . I can live without knowing who he actually was , that s fairly typical , but without some kind of motive - hell i do n't know , i 'd settle for him having a bad Halloween as a kid ! -it just seems more than senseless , just stupid . Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid . In fact , i hated this film so much that i specifically registered with IMDb just so i could comment on it . Save your money , save your sanity . Stay away from it !
0 with a title like this , you know not to expect a great horror movie . But this was really bad , even with low expectations . The plot is really insulting and stupid : an escaped criminal wears a Halloween mask , so everyone around him thinks he 's someone else . this joke might actually work for 5 or 10 minutes , but not during the entire movie ! the actors are not that bad , but their characters are rather dumb and the story is boring and downright stupid . No suspense , no excitement and little gore ( very cheap ) . Satan 's Little Helper tries to combine horror ( ... ) with comedy and fails dramatically at that . It became so boring towards the end , that I actually stopped watching 10 minutes before the end . I could n't care whatever happened . Amanda Plummer was great in Pulp Fiction , but come on .. that was 13 years ago , and she has n't done anything decent after that . So no wonder that she had to sink as low as this piece of crap .. Avoid or be warned ..
0 Satan 's Little Helper is one of the better B Horror movies I have seen . When I say better I mean the story . The film hatches a new plot , something that 's not so cliché in the Horror genre - something fresh . But there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with it . Questions you will be asking yourself throughout the movie.<br /><br />The film first caught my attention while I was cruising the Horror section in HMV . I was tired of all the so called " terrifiying " Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something different . The cover art for Satan 's Little Helper immediately caught my attention . As you can see , the image draws you in - it 's chilling ! I knew it was a straight to DVD release - but I took a chance . I mean , I just seen " Boogey Man " the night before - so It could n't get any worse ! After I watched the movie , I was semi - satisfied . I loved the plot of the movie . It was really creepy how the killer was pretending to be the little boys friend , so he could kill . In some sick deranged way , he actually thought he and the little boy would become partners - a duo of terror . It was a great idea to set the film on Halloween night . This way , no one would think anything of a masked man beside a little kid . They would simply think he was his guardian . But , this is also where the " plot holes " begin to surface.<br /><br />If your son came home with a " friend " he met trick or treating - that 's fine . You would n't think anything of it - if he was 9 ! , or round about the same age as him . If however , he appeared with a strange man in a mask , you would be startled and protective of your child . You would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself . You would ask why he is with your son . He does n't know him . You would tell him to please leave . He is n't a family friend . He 's a stranger . Now , we 're supposed to teach our child not to talk to strangers . In this case , the mum is completely fine with it . Huh ? They never seem to think it 's a tad odd that the " man " does n't speak - at all . Gruanted they think it 's the daughters boyfriend , but after 10 minutes of not talking you would pull the mask off and ask him why he 's not saying a word.<br /><br />The film goes down hill from there . The thing that got me the most was , all the mum said was " Do you want some cider ? " . I ca n't count how many times she says this in the movie . It 's like , oh you 're dying - we have cider though , it 's all good ! ! The movie started promising , and failed to deliver . It was more of a horror / comedy , and even as that it fails to deliver . I guess you could call it a " Dud","Flop " etc .. <br /><br />The best thing about the movie is the cover art . Though , something tells me that 's not worth the 12 dollars !
0 The fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script , is beyond me . This really must be one of the worst films , in addition to " Haunted Highway " I have ever seen . BAD actors , and a really bad story . There 's no normal reactions to any event in this film , and even though it 's Halloween , normal people would have bigger reactions when they 're witnessing their father being killed , not to mention gutted , people with tape covering their airways , not being able to breathe ( in a room with at least 50 people I might add ) and some person dressed up as Satan dragging dead people out of his house , even an 8 year old would see the difference between a doll and a person . Not to mention the fact that no one could possibly be that naive and dumb to believe the reality of Satan and Jesus ' appearances on the same day , like this kid does . When i was 8 , I sure had more brains than that . < br /><br />But , the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute Satan look - alike as well , no questions asked . The question throughout the film is , is it really Satan , or is it some crazy person killing people off whenever he feels like it ? Well , he 's got human hands , arms , built and whatever , so I guess he 's supposed to be in the movie as well , otherwise they did a lousy job concealing it . Then , with this person being human and all , he was able to kill an old lady , a man and his mistress , 5 ( ! ! ? ? ? ) cops ( all with guns and training i presume ) , and a few other people ..... and obviously everyone was just standing there waiting for him , or what?<br /><br />The whole concept and way of telling the story is absolutely the worst thing I 've seen , and I would never recommend anyone to waste 1 hour and 30 minutes of their lives to watch this total crap .
0 Worst Bob Hope comedy ever(and that includes some heavy competition ) . Hope , on an island with sailors , dreams aloud of being in a bathtub with a geisha girl " steering his ship " . Somebody certainly steered this Hope - hackery over the cliff , as it features Phyllis Diller and Gina Lollobrigida and still ca n't work up any laughs or excitement . Where 's Bing Crosby when you really need him ?
0 The fifth " Black Emanuelle " I 've watched has , potentially , the most intriguing plot line dealing as it does with the intrepid female reporter investigating the white slavery / prostitution racket which takes her from San Francisco to Rome to Macao and back to her own hometown , New York ! The film is peopled with past veterans of the series which , inexplicably , play completely different roles , namely Ivan Rassimov ( appearing here as a head of a United Nations committee for Third World countries ! ) , Karin Shubert ( as a feminist rival reporter ) and Don Powell ( as Rassimov 's chauffeur).<br /><br />Unfortunately , as usual with this type of film ( despite their being shown in the dead of night ) , it is heavily edited and a particularly graphic scene ( described in " Stracultr ) in which an Asian slave trader gets his comeuppance by being sodomized by a dog is nowhere to be seen here ! ! Still , a harrowing sequence late in the film when a sleazy politician tricks a couple of girls ( including , naturally , Gemser and Shubert ) into a midnight rendezvous under a New York bridge with a group of bums ( this is the way he gets their votes , get it ! ) - with his high society pals giddily looking on - seems pretty much intact.<br /><br />The most ridiculous element of this entry - apart from Gemser 's penchant to disrobe completely every time she enters a house ( even in front of perfect strangers ) - is her excursion to India to interview a charlatan / Guru ( George Eastman made up to look considerably Christ - like ! ) who has found a way to prolong coitus indefinitely ; of course , when Emanuelle calls him up on it , he ends up having premature ejaculation ... ! !
0 Cut to the chase , this is one of the five worst films that I 've ever seen.<br /><br />Not that they did n't try . There was some decent writing with some elements of structure in there , a good cast , some good acting . I 'm not sure where it went wrong , but it went horribly wrong.<br /><br />Some of the elements may have been bad structure and no substantive story , a lot of overacting by the lead ( who probably is much better when restrained ) , some bad directing and editing . I had enough at about an hour , tearing my hair out at about a hour and a half and very agitated at the hour and fifty minutes it ran . There was also an insincerity about it all , being that I went with someone who used to be a heroin addict . He was agitated that it glamorized something that had nothing good to it . That was bolstered by the pretty 17 year - old girl who was in love with the 30 year - old junkie.<br /><br />And the frantic nature of the lead was a turn - off enough . There were clunky plot points that were an attempt at a structure , but the end result was listless and unending ( with uneven time lines ) . The characters were colorful but to no end , which made me feel bad for the quality actors who you 've just not seen enough.<br /><br />Skip it . I assumed that this was a first - time director who was enamored by his own turds , but he has done this before . I 'm puzzled how this and many other really bad ideas find someone who will actually give them money .
0 Plot : an amorous couple decide to engage in some extra - marital hijinks in a flashy car . They then become stuck ( literally ) in a Compromising Position , while said car wanders aimlessly about the countryside until the hapless couple are rescued by the authorities.<br /><br />That 's it . That 's the entire movie . There may have been some dialogue here and there , but nothing comes to mind . It should be obvious by now that this movie is not just pointless , but actually physically painful to watch . The fact that it starred two of the UKs best up - and - coming actors ( one of whom is now sadly deceased ) only adds to the horror.<br /><br />Ian Charleson was outstanding in the very much deserved Oscar - winning ' Chariots of Fire ' . Let 's remember him for that role , and try hard to pretend that this particular celluloidal abomination never happened .
0 < br /><br />Ok , well I rented this movie while I was bed ridden hopped up on pain killers , and let me say , It did n't help the film any.<br /><br />The film is about a man who buys a car as he is going through a midlife crisis , he loves the car more than anything around him , one day his wife decides to borrow the car . Since I do n't want to spoil ( not that there was anything to spoil ) I shall let your imagination figure out the " Zany " ( and I use that word lightly ) antics that follow.<br /><br />I had to fight to stay awake through this snore a minute sleeper of a film , and I would like to say that if you are venturing to the movie store and are thinking about being adventurous , please do n't , it 's a waste of the film it was printed on.<br /><br />Then again I could be wrong ...
0 Given the title and outlandish box art , I was ready for just about anything . Perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high , because I was left a little dry.<br /><br />A film crew working on a soft - core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex . Where has n't this set up been used before ? The difference here is the uber - perverse nature of the sex . Not allowed to show all the goods ( groin shots were illegal in Japan for a long time , what is shown is fogged out ) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.<br /><br />Amidst all the kinky goings on , a mud monster ( whose origin I ca n't fathom ) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women ... then murdering them too . Some of the sights are a bit much , most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of ... stuff , but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.<br /><br />Ultimately the film is pulled down by it 's own designs ; it 's too over - sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick . The mediums can work , but there need to be a balance.<br /><br />4/10
0 Maybe it was the title , or the trailer ( certainly not the interview on the DVD , which is with the director as he keeps saying " hi , kids " into the camera like a buffoon ) , but I had expectations for Entrails of a Virgin to be at least a bit of sleazy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal , bloody killings by a weird Japanese penetrator . Turns out it 's way too sleazy for its own good , or bad , or whatever . There 's a problem- and one can see this also in the Italian sexploitation flick Porno Holocaust , similar to this in many respects- in not having balance to the sex and violence . Too much sex and it will turn into a prototypical porno , and not even with much production quality in comparison with most professional porno movies ! And with the killing scenes , there has to be at least a little tack , and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity , in creating the creature / killer / whatever . Entrails of a Virgin has neither . It 's safe to say it 's a pretty soulless movie , even if is n't one of the very worst ever made- it 's there just for horn - dog Japanese fetishists to get off on girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their ' other ' heads.<br /><br />In this case , we 're given a photo team where the guys are taking some shots of some girls , nothing too salacious , and then by way of a dense fog they stay off at some house one night and are picked off one by one by " A Murderer " as he 's credited . First off , the director Kazuo ' Gaira ' Komizu decides he has to put in a quota of random sex scenes early on- we get spliced in ( or phoned in , take your pick ) clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere . It looks like it 's from another movie . Then once settled into the house , there 's a ' wrestling ' scene that 's poorly choreographed and shot ( yeah , we really need to see him ' all ' there ) , and then on to the rape and killings . First the rape , by the photographers , who promise the girls some jobs for their time . Then the Murderer , who like D'Amato 's creature is simply covered in mud and given a stupid facial , and who for an unknown reason kills the men and/or rapes the women one by one.<br /><br />Now , the latter of those , taken by themselves , should be considered the highlights of the movie . This is like saying , however , that the croûtons are the best part of a wretchedly tasting salad . An eye - gouging scene , a spike thrown like an Olympic event ( that scene , actually , is kind of cool ) , and finally the entrailing of the overly sex - crazed girl , whose inconsequential name I ca n't remember . Even * this * becomes disappointing just by not being correct to the title ! On top of this , the sex scenes , which become tedious through ' Gaira ' and his indulgence in long - takes - without - cutaways where everything by the Japanese censors is blurred anyway , are dubbed over by the actors ( you 'd think that they seem to be enjoying themselves enough , hence the need to let them ' speak ' for themselves ) . But the overall feeling from Entrails of a Virgin is that of a lumpy one , where it 's just there to be gawked at and without a shred of suspense or true horror ( watch as the last girl left alive , the virgin of the picture , tries to stop the murderer from getting to her , which lasts five minutes as she keeps throwing sticks at him ! ) You just want it to be done with , for the ' I hate women ' mantra to ease up or be rid altogether .
0 OK the plot is , wait you got me there is no true discernible plot here just a string of optically fogged sex scenes , strung together by scenes of photographers taking pictures of pretty ladies ( Sometimes a combination of the two ) Then a demon comes around kills the men , rapes and kills the women , and waxes poetic about the meaning of life . Moronic special effects , bad acting and bizarre philosophy aside , you get what you expect from a film with a title like this . I guess it would have to be someone 's cup of tea , just not mine as I have yet to see a good Kazuo ' Gaira ' Komizu directed film.<br /><br />DVD Extras : Subtitled Interview with Director Kazuo Komizu Part 1 ( Part 2 is on the Entrails of a Beautiful Woman DVD ) ; and Theatrical Tailer < br /><br />My Grade : F
0 Less self - conscious and much less pretentious than GUTS OF A BEAUTY , this Kazuo Komizu gore flick is worth a look ( at least once).<br /><br />Sleazy snapshotters escort wanna - be actresses / models to a remote house in the woods in order to sexually molest them . Unfortunately ( for the horny boys ) , a long - schlonged demon , who lives in the woods , has already targeted the girls for fun.<br /><br />The thing even ends up having fun with the boys -- that 's IF you consider beheadings , dismemberment and masturbation with severed limbs " fun".<br /><br />Once again , it all sounds better on paper than it looks and sounds on film.<br /><br />Just as Komizu mangled LIVING DEAD AT TOKYO BAY with his ineptitude , he also mangles this effort and is only saved by some audacious violence and some great white panty shots.<br /><br />Don't buy the hype , though , or you 'll be sorely disappointed .
0 < br /><br />Entrails of a Virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible that it allows the viewer to interpret it subjectively , applying whatever meaning he wishes to its inexplicable excesses of sex and violence . If this was an intentional characteristic of the film , it would be a work of postmodern brilliance - but of course it is n't . < br /><br />Without getting too much into plot summary , let 's take a quick walking tour of the events . At a secluded cabin , an orgy is in progress , which includes topless wrestling and diaper p***ing . A vanload of latecomers joins the orgy in progress , but they have unwittingly been followed by a monster I like to call " the muddy ninja . " This monster precedes to slay orgy participants one by one , except the proverbial virgin ( if you do n't count oral sex ) who receives his seed and consequently becomes so passionate with desire that she masturbates with someone 's severed hand . < br /><br />Finally she has her guts pulled out , and then there 's a scene which seems to imply that she 's pregnant with a baby muddy ninja . Got all that ? If you 're going to rent this movie , it 's best if you do n't speak Japanese and do n't have any subtitles . In a season populated by boring Hollywood flicks , putting this in your VCR might be the cinematic equivalent of shock therapy . It will certainly be something different .
0 I guess I only have myself to blame for the gigantic disillusion that is " Entrails of a Virgin " . You already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this and the first impression only gets extra confirmed when noticing the film is a mid-80 's production from Japan . Now , there are quite a lot of demented and sick filmmakers active in Japan , but Kazuo Komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly depraved and sickening trilogy revolving on nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls . Not even attempting to tell a story , " Entrails of a Virgin " simply presents a hodgepodge of UN - arousing semi - pornographic sex and truly poor gore - effects that would n't even please the most undemanding fan of cheesy 80 's horror . Images of a bunch of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably intercut with scenes of a filthy pervert having crude sex with a seemly under - aged girl . He dumps her not even a minute after climaxing ( typical ) and she begs him to stay , even if she has to share him with other women . I do n't get it . Is this supposed to represent a general male fantasy ? Because it 's really clichéd and wrongful . Anyways , back to the bunch of horny photographers and docile models . Surprised by upcoming fog on their way home , the group entrenches themselves in an abandoned country house where they have more appalling sex and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex - demon who kills them all . The acting performances are amateurish , the dialogs inane and primitive and Komizu 's direction is weak and uninspired . I can tolerate all that , including the woman - unfriendly portrayal of sex , but I came too close to turning the film off during the indescribably mean - spirited wrestling sequence . One of the males brutally hits , kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a filthy whore until she literally pees her panties and cries with agony . This sequence is , in my humble opinion , the absolute low - point of Asian exploitation cinema . One to avoid and maybe even boycott .
0 I LOVE Don Knotts , let me just say that up - front ! He is an enormous talent and the best at what he does , which is portray a nervous , lovably befuddled loser thrown into a position of authority . He is fabulous in this role as Roy Fleming , the Reluctant Astronaut , but the film is pretty dull , really , even though as a kid my brother and I delighted in watching this and his other films . It 's still worth watching but really it 's a film that is best enjoyed by children . I 'd categorize it as 100 % family - friendly and something you could sit down and watch with your kids on a family night.<br /><br />As with all of Knotts ' films , there 's a great cast of beloved character actors and you ca n't help but smile when Knotts gives one of his shaky , open - mouthed stares , no matter how old and jaded you are.<br /><br />From an adult perspective , one thing I think that is great about this film is how it captures NASA in the 1960s -- all the new modern buildings , the hope , the optimism , the future ! And I was surprised at how suave and studly Leslie Neilsen was back then . Only complaint about the story is Roy 's love interest , a rather threadbare , unlikeable woman who ca n't give him the time of day until he becomes a big shot -- if you 're like me , you 'll be hoping that he gives her the shove - off at the end . Beware -- you 'll be whistling the theme tune for days after watching , it 's that catchy .
0 After leaving TV 's popular " The Andy Griffith Show " , Don Knotts gave movie stardom a valiant try with a series of inane but matinée - pleasing comedy vehicles . Unfortunately , " The Reluctant Astronaut " , filmed on the cheap ( as were most of Knotts ' movies ) , is much worse than his others . Don plays a small town schnook who gets accepted to Astronaut Training camp ... but not as a candidate for space travel -- they want him as their new janitor ! Some may say the weak satire capitalizes on Americans ' then - fresh fever for the new age of technology , but the flick is really just a dim excuse to keep restless children occupied . It gets off to a good start , with an OK set - up and nostalgic locations , but it becomes increasingly more spiritless and idiotic . * from * * * *
0 This movie is all ultra - lightweight fluff , predictable from beginning to end . As a Don Knotts vehicle , " The Incredible Mr. Limpet " was much better , with Knott 's character there not nearly as incompetent or ignorant . His performance there was toned down , with none of his trademark goggle - eyed stare , although that may have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish . Knotts made a living of playing the likable imbecile , much as Bob Denver did . Neither really seemed to be able to break out to other types of roles , assuming they were simply typecast . It was probably because of the slouch , the wild stare and the high - pitched voice . John Ritter , whom Knotts worked with in " Three 's Company , " was able to transcend his genre , branching out successfully into dramatic roles like " The Dreamer of Oz , " but the closest Knotts ever got was a small role in " Pleasantville . " Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad fit here , uncomfortably neither straight dramatic actor as he was at the time nor deadpan comedic actor as he later became in " Airplane ! " and " Police Squad." < br /><br />There 's also no way the then-43 year - old Knotts could pass for a 35 year - old , as his character insisted he was . It was as ludicrously unbelievable as Tom Hanks at 38 playing the college - age Forrest Gump.<br /><br />The film was clearly made on a shoestring budget , very much looking like a hastily - filmed TV episode . It 's especially evident in the " exterior " scenes of the " town " where Roy goes after he 's fired . It 's unlikely even a pre - schooler would be fooled by the Mayberry - like soundstage artificiality.<br /><br />Even viewing this strictly as a children 's movie , it 's very disappointing . It 's not because it lacks action or special effects , although it does . The pace is much too slow , the situations repetitive . How many times can you watch Roy getting onto a bus ? A comedy for kids should at least sometimes be madcap , with breakneck gags , otherwise you risk boring them ( and any adults in the theater as well ) . Movies , even kid 's movies , have improved quite a bit in the intervening decades . Even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written . Disney 's " The Love Bug , " for instance , at least had some interesting race action .
0 * * * SPOILERS * * * * * * SPOILERS * * * Juggernaut is a British made " thriller " released in the US by First National . Karloff is Dr. Sartorius who has to leave his research because his funds have dried up . Karloff is forced to retreat to France and start up a medical practice . He is propositioned by a conniving woman who wants to get rid of her much older husband . She knows Karloff needs the money.<br /><br />Karloff agrees to the proposition and soon becomes the personal doctor of the husband . All the while , the wife is prancing about town with the local no good playboy . Karloff finally injects the old geyser with poison and he kicks off . However , his son ( from another marriage ) arrives a few days before the killing and finds out the will has been changed . When he spills the beans to the wife , she goes berserk and even bites the son 's hand.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Karloff 's nurse has misplaced the hypo Karloff used to kill the old man . When Karloff finds out he is n't getting any money , he asks the wife to poison the son . The nurse suspects Karloff and finds the missing hypo . Analysis shows poison , but not quite in time as Karloff kidnaps the nurse.<br /><br />To make a long story short , the nurse escapes , gets the police , and manages to save the son who is about to be injected by Karloff . Karloff instead injects himself and dies.<br /><br />This movie does have some good points . Karloff is possessed and plays the type of mad doctor he did in The Devil Commands and the Man Who Lived Again . It is peculiar , however , to see him walk around stiffly and slightly hunched over . We never find out why he is walking this way . I suspect the director thought it made him more sinister.<br /><br />The actress playing the 2-timing wife overacts something terrible . She has a French accent . Even though she overacts badly , you still manage to hate her ( or maybe you hate her because of her acting ... ).<br /><br />A little below average for a Karloff vehicle . If you buy the Sinister Cinema VHS copy , the audio is a bit choppy .
0 This has been put out on the DVD market by Alpha , and it 's for die - hard Boris Karloff fans ( like moi ) only . It 's not a horror flick , but a drama where Boris is a struggling scientist agreeing to kill a wealthy woman 's husband in order to gain the fortune needed to continue with his work . But once the dying victim changes his will and leaves his spouse nothing , all hell breaks loose.<br /><br />It 's appeasing enough seeing Karloff as another selfish sinister type , and some of the acting is unintentionally hilarious ( especially from the leading lady Mona Goya who is absolutely a laugh riot as the double - crossed wife).<br /><br />But proceed with much caution .
0 One of Boris Karloff 's real clinkers . Essentially the dying Karloff ( looking about 120 years older than he was)is a scientist in need of cash to finish his experiments before he dies . Moving from Morocco where his funding is taken over by someone else he goes to the South of France where he works a s physician while trying to scrap enough money to prove his theories . Desperate for money he makes a deal with the young rich wife of a cotton baron who is dying . She will fund him if he helps her poison the husband so she can take his money and carry on with a gigolo ( who I think is married ) . If you think I got that from watching the movie you 're wrong , I had to read what other people posted to figure out happened . Why ? because this movie had me lost from two minutes in . I had no idea what was going on with its numerous characters and multiple converging plot lines . Little is spelled out and much is n't said until towards the end by which time I really did n't care . Its a dull mess of interest purely for Karloff 's performance which is rather odd at times . To be honest this is the only time I 've ever seen him venture into Bela Lugosi bizarre territory . Its not every scene but a few and makes me wonder how much they hung out .
0 Way back when , the X - Files was an intelligent , thought - provoking show . A big part of its appeal was that the writers looked to folklore and science for their ideas , tying the plot to the spooky side of real life.<br /><br />I was incredibly wary of the 8th season when it aired . The show had already provided two perfectly good episodes to bow out on ( " One Son " and " Requiem " ) , and the 7th season had seen a sharp rise in episodes that scraped the barrel for ideas that were far - fetched , implausible , or downright silly . But I figured , hey , give it the benefit of a doubt , maybe they 're bringing it back because they 've got some great ideas lined up.<br /><br />"Roadrunners " really was upsetting . Following " Patience " , which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore that the show had done well to avoid , the episode sees a strange ( alien ? ) parasitic slug with the power of mind control worshipped by a cult of backwoods Christians . Oh , and they think it 's the second coming of Christ , but you only find that out in the last couple of minutes . Seriously . There 's never * any * attempt to make sense of this , to explain what the slug is , why anything that 's happening is happening , or anything . Even in the show 's early years - in fact , * especially * then - you could expect a little bit more depth , a bit of background , or if not that then the opposite - a bit of mystery , some uncertainty about what this was all about . < br /><br />It 's Scully that really kills it though . You could put up with the silliness of the premise , but to have a character who has been developed over a good 7 years as a rational skeptic transformed into a gullible maverick purely for the sake of advancing the plot is bizarre to watch . You feel like you 're watching some godawful teen horror , except that it 's a woman well into her thirties throwing herself into the kind of creepy isolated community that she 's spent the best part of a decade uncovering the sinister underbelly of , being either outwitted by very stereotypical hicks or utterly indifferent to her own safety . Oh , and by the way , Doggett , the new Mudler , is n't around . Scully just wandered off into the desert to look into a brutal murder on her own without him . He shows up at the end to save the day - I ca n't even remember why - but apart from that , he 's not really in it . Again : seriously.<br /><br />In short , it feels like either a generic script written for another show , or someone 's pet movie project which they 've been allowed to shove like a mutant leech into the spine of an existing , long - running show at a time when it was at its most vulnerable . It might 've worked on a lesser show , where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less . But The X - Files had a good thing going , and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic TV characters of the 90s . Deciding that you 're going to change her personality for the sake of a story that they must 've done on Star Trek a good fifty or so times is pointless .
0 Ariauna Albright is a really good actress but why she participated in this lame written travesty is a mystery . What could have been entertaining winds up as classic boredom . The unique thing about Ariauna is that she can act as well as look real sexy as opposed to her partner Lilith Stabs who looks fine but it is obvious she spent the money for acting school at the spa or beautician . This was a production that cried out for some T & A & with a imaginative script writer could have achieved it in the flow of things . However Ariauna does what she can under the circumstances & to a extent salvages her reputation . The Tempe company should be aware that when you dress two attractive women in skimpy fetish cop uniforms the viewers will expect some fetish play & T & A. Nough said .
0 I find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged . The only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of Ariauna in her sexy uniform . Her humour is also to be appreciated . She is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage . However she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism . Ca n't say the same for her co star Lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system . Appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed . All said apart from Ariauna 's performance it is indeed utter trash .
0 It is difficult to find any positives in this movie . Seems as though the producer needed to make a buck without much effort & hence we are treated to a full showing of Galaxy which is the lamest excuse for a movie in history . The police girls looked extremely sexy in their little uniforms . More action shots of the two cops & a lot less of Galaxy would have been the way to go . Of course that would add to the budget so they decided to fill the space with that wretched rerun . Ms Albright does excellent looking sexy & her acting is first rate . Ms Stabs whom I had heard of but not seen on screen before also looked very desirable but seems to lack basic acting talent . Apart from Ms Albright this is real garbage .
0 A group of human looking aliens going to Earth to eat crash land on a planet of prehistoric beasts instead where they all eat physcedelic mushrooms and act retarded . Padded with footage from " Planet of the Dinosuars " and horrible jokes this is definitely one to miss . The acting is atrocious as well , and while this is n't as bad as " Chickboxer " ( what movie can be ? ) This is still pretty awful repugnant stuff . It 's 90 minute running time feels like an eternity and you will likely be cursing life so do yourself a huge favor and just move on , skip this crappy film , there 's nothing to see here.<br /><br />The film - makers try to resell this turd as a MST3 K style making fun of the movie they made a decade before , and it works to an extent it 's still nothing that watchable though , Ariauna Albright is hot , but Lilith Stabs has a pretty unattractive speaking voice.<br /><br />My Grade : D- < br /><br />DVD Extras : Joke commentary , 17 Behind the scenes featurette ; 7 minute Into the black featurette ; Jessica Mills reporting ; Stills gallery ; and original trailer
0 Using footage pillaged from Planet of Dinosaurs this shot on video ( except for the stolen footage ) concerns a bunch of people shot into space who land on a dinosaur planet that is ... don't wait for it , is really earth . Its a five minute sketch stretched to 90 minutes . Slightly better than Chickboxer ( another in the Bad Movie Police series)-having a nostalgic home movie feel coupled with good stolen effects , this movie is still an impossible slog to get through . I 'm left to ponder the question are we becoming so uncreative that we 're now pillaging old movies not only for plot but also for mismatched footage ? Clearly low budget producers are getting so desperate they really will give us anything to take our money
0 First of all let me say that I had to think a lot about writing a comment for this movie . The best review for this kind of Cinema can be just the silence . Movie addressed to housewives and to grandmothers . This movie tries to look " genuine " and the characters should be supposed " real people " . An Italian could never think that the characters might be " real " : they are just " low - profile " stereotypes . It gives a very misguised vision of what life is in the Italian countryside . The plot is weak ( plot ? which plot ? ) and the humour does not make laugh anyone older than 12 .
0 Wow , after trashing the disk of Timo Roses " Rout City " after about 15 Minutes ( South Park is about more than meaningless cursing ... I guess some people just do n't get it ) I was interested in this movie . I read quite some positive stuff and the packaging and look of the movie seemed far from the total trash I expected after " Rout city".<br /><br />Surprise : The movie is n't total trash but the problem seems to be exactly that . Timo Rose tries to walk in the footsteps of German Horror / Splatter Cinema like Olaf Ittenbach and the likes . That means " Barricade " is in parts extremely gory and detailed . The gore FX are not really believable but OK , the acting is OK but in some cases plain sucks . The hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous and does n't get better till she 's shot.<br /><br />So what is the problem ... the movie is gory , has a typical German underground vibe ( including the classic booby shots in blood ) , OK FX and a modern feel to it like the packaging already promised ? ! < br /><br />1 . The script is total BS . You get a typical hillbilly / lost in the woods story with some guys+gal camping out and meeting a degenerated hillbilly family . Everything is just leading towards the torture / mutilation scenes and seems unbelievably random and pointless . This is the first thing that makes " Barricade " half - hearted.<br /><br />2 . Random is also the perfect description for a lot of the camera work ( I liked the repetitive cut to the tweezers in the extended booby torture scene ... either they had no material or the editor works in a hardware store ) . Even worse the editing ... sure , its modern and far better than a lot of other movies in the genre but its RANDOM . You got an overuse of that typical exposure effect everywhere and with no meaning ... its just there ... all the time . Then there 's some grainy / noisy film look which also is just thrown in here and there for the sake of it , I do n't get the meaning.<br /><br />3 . Like the fore - mentioned effects there is a lot of repetitive stuff in here . For example most of the kills are edited with multiple repetitions of stabbing and punching . Its OK once but here its annoying and fake , especially towards the end . Annoying also attributes the " music " which is permanently used without any change in the background . It does n't take long until it makes the movie hardly bearable.<br /><br />4 . From all this comes the biggest problem of this movie ( and many others in my opinion ) . If you make a splatter movie with trashy feel its pretty idiotic to polish it with special FX and new school editing . It looks like they take it way too serious . Its no fun because the decent gore FX are plain wasted in this context . And where the classic gore FX are OK the computer FX in scenes like the stabbing in the mouth or the gunshots in the ending look rather silly(and 3D splatter mostly sucks to me even in movies with a budget and decent 3D artists).<br /><br />I often wondered if the time of serious splatter movies is over and " Barricade " is just another example it might be time to put it in the tomb . Its no fun , has no character and is too trashy for its look . The script is a cheap try on " Wrong Turn " and " TCM " leading absolutely nowhere . You can take that literally ... the ending is just there and as random as many other things here ( " I love you " in a splatter flick ... come on ! ! ) . " Barricade " tries to incorporate a lot and fails ... you can sure fast - forward through this movie for some extensive disembowelment , acid face melting , nipple pinching and classic Friday the 13th style stabbing of a couple while fingering in a tent ( bloody boobies hooray ! ) . But its really hard to get through this . Total failure especially because you can see it could have been something .
0 Well I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I 'll never get back on this piece of trash . I heard someone online describe this movie 's villains as " subhuman cannibals " , and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be like the Descent . WRONG ! The Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong storyline . These villains are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is enjoyable to watch . This movie is n't so controversial , I 've seen this level of gore in many films . This movie plain sucks . SYNOPSIS : A blonde who thinks she 's real hot ( but she is n't ) , her admirer , and her admirer 's friend ( no , I do n't remember their names ) go into the woods . Their car breaks down . They are warned to leave by a man named Mark . The blonde gets unreasonably hysterical and the next morning they ca n't find the admirer 's friend . Admirer impales his foot ( whoops ! ) . Do n't worry , he is much more upset when his car wo n't start than when he gets impaled by nails . After a nanosecond of coaxing , the blond leaves to find help . Events ensue that I can not remember . During this and throughout the movie , we are shown grotesque torture scenes with no substance including one that made me gag . Blonde goes to save admirer from house of cannibals ( even though all they are seen eating is intestines , which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat since they contain actual food ) . Blonde finds admirer hurt and works very hard ( unsuccessfully ) to work up tears . Then you get a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces she can " out think them " . Mark ( the man who warned them to leave ) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals the cannibals are his family . Then there is some shooting , they leave the house , the shooting continues , then a random guy shows up and says he 's been watching them . Before he is shot , we are shown an acid - trip inspired scene of more killing . The blonde or her admirer shoots him because he did not help them . There 's more killing , the admirer professes his love for the blonde . Then a mysterious hand covers the camera . What does that imply ? I do n't know , hopefully not a sequel .
0 A group of friends come face - to - face with a family of hideous cannibals whilst camping in the beautiful German countryside.<br /><br />The ' mutant cannibal family ' concept is almost as old as the hills that the inbred freaks often call home , so any director attempting to breath new life into the genre needs to come up with something pretty darn special in order to impress . With Barricade , Timo Rose tries to give the well - worn routine a Teutonic twist , by transplanting the action to The Black Forest and giving it the German low - budget splatter treatment . The result is a very bloody , but totally unoriginal effort that is made almost unwatchable thanks to some dreadful directorial decisionsin particular , the non - stop use of fancy filters and irritating editing techniques.<br /><br />Had Timo Rose not opted to utilise every naff trick his editing software offered him , then Barricade might have been a reasonably entertaining gore - fest : his inexperienced cast do reasonably well ; the bloody effects are suitably stomach churning ; and there are one or two scares and even some well conceived creepy moments . All of this , however , is completely ruined by the awful camera - work , choppy editing , and overwhelming barrage of visual gimmickry used to give the film the distressed look that is so inexplicably popular with today 's film - makers.<br /><br />I give Barricade 3 out of 10 purely for the outlandish gore , which includes a nifty scene where a guy is forced to drink acid , loads of nasty wounds caused by a variety of sharp implements , and some pretty decent shotgun damage .
0 As I am not a blood and guts fan I found the gory scenes totally unnecessary ( you spell it ) and too real for my liking , if you 're the type of person who gets their rocks off on beheadings on the internet or snuff movies I say go for it , it beggars belief what sort of person dreams this sick crap up though.<br /><br />Apart from that it had the potential to be a great movie , the music was top class too ( through the movie and especially the end credits ) . Some parts though were a bit unbelievable , like you 've just been found by your girlfriend trust up awaiting torture and death and all you do is tell her about what had happened and how you got there , ( why did n't he ask her if she happened to have any wipes or even some air freshner or a piece of gum while he was at it ? ) , come on now , most would probably just scream " hurry up and untie me then lets get the f * * * out of here QUICK ! " . where were the flys , maggots etc , and when the girl accidentally came across the place surely the stench of rotten flesh would have sounded a few alarm bells ! I would only recommend this movie to friends of Dennis Niellson and the like , I 'm sure a video like this would make sickos like that have a very happy Christmas .
0 Horrible . I see many user comments on how great this show is . It truly is a Wanna - Be - Friends - Made in Taiwan knockoff . The jokes are lame as ... and the plot is ridiculous . The actors are obviously struggling to be funny and are probably cringing when they hit those awful punchlines ( if you can call them that ) . The bulk of the other users who have commented are obviously from another planet ( or at least another continent ) . There are obviously reasons that TV companies cancel shows ... and none of then are when shows are doing well . Make sense ? Anyway , steer clear - even if it is raining and there is absolutely nothing else on this planet to do ... go stand in the rain instead - more fun .
0 this show is awful . no comedy , no plot no good characters . America are you blind give the award to real shows . i hate this show along with 30 rock . honestly I 'm so glad they canceled this show . thank you CBS . keep two and a half men , keep Christine , keep rules of engagement keep how i meet your mother which really is n't funny but a lot funnier than this . this show is a rip off of friends . with the same director so that s okay . but keep this show gone and never bring it back . never ever ever ever . the only reason i did n't give it a 1 rating is because it keep my awake instead of asleep . those are the types of movies or TV shows that i give a one . the only reason i was still awake was because of the audiences laughter and i was looking forward to the next show . i really wish this show was funny sorry but my opinion stupid . very stupid . i do n't see why everyone loves it . my opinion again . but i also find big bang theory kinda stupid . my bad smart . the class bye bye now i have a smile and it is not from watching your show .
0 The Class is a comedy series that portrays a bunch of 27-year - old former class mates.<br /><br />I like the idea of the show . That 's why it saddens me that The Class is not funny , even though it has the obvious potential . It 's not enough corky , just dorky . ( Haha . ) This is due to a slowish tempo and the lack of actually hilarious punch lines . Also some actors have difficulties with timing.<br /><br />Most inventively written characters are the twins Kat and Lina Warbler ( Lizzy Caplan and Heather Goldenhersh ) but even they seem just a little too square for the good of the show . On the other hand the characters I find most uninteresting are the main character Ethan and the used - to - be- couple Duncan and Nicole.<br /><br />What bothers me with the series is that the only Latino character Aaron is being picked on for his accent ( even though by a non - respectable character , but anyway ) .
0 If you have seen Friends , the writing will feel very familiar . Especially the last 3 or 4 seasons of Friends often share the same comedy setups.<br /><br />The show is about a group of people whose connection is that they shared the same class when they were still rather young ( about 10 years old I think ) . Now , they 're in their mid - twenties , and they meet again on a class reunion . This is where the series starts.<br /><br />A typical episode deals with multiple story lines at once . They 're usually not connected in any way . Each story line is cut up into multiple sections , which are then shown in a mixed order.<br /><br />The sketches is where my problems lie with this series . As in the later seasons of Friends , it 's often a rather silly setting with hard to believe situations . One of the main characters does something really stupid that 's hard to believe . The situation is then heavily exaggerated , as if it was n't silly enough . If you 're into this kind of in - your - face humor , then maybe you 'll like this series . For me it is a great turn - off.<br /><br />The reason I started watching Friends is because of the first few seasons . There are interesting and especially credible story lines , with some romance in it that makes you root for the characters . The Class has none of this . The characters are simply too forced and stereotypes are pushed too far . It 's therefore not possible to relate to them and like them.<br /><br />At least with friends , it took several seasons before it ran out of steam and the character traits were all milked out . But in The Class , it seems it has run out of steam before it even started .
0 You ca n't imagine how I looked forward to King of the Ants . As a massive Gordon fan , I awaited the European premiere with wicked anticipation.especially since I loved Dagon - Gordon 's last achievement - so much . King of the Ants premiered here in my country and it was Gordon himself who came to present it . Unfortunately , I could n't go and congratulate him for it afterwards . King of the Ants is his most uninspired and mediocre film to date . Really , the quality level never surpassed ordinary TV - thriller standards . The plot outline is terribly routine and with the exception of a few poor scenes , the typical Gordon - touch is never recognized . On top of that , the already weak script has more holes than a Swiss bowl of cheese ! It involves a young wannabe - crook who 's hired to commit a murder . So he does.and of course they 're not paying him.and of course he falls in love with the victim 's wife.and of course he avenges himself .. Only the sequences in which the guy descents in a spiral of madness are worth a mention and they 're the only ones reminding you of the fact you 're still watching a Stuart Gordon film . The acting performances are below average with McCenna as the heroic lowlife , George ` Norm Peterson ' Wendt as the chubby bastard and Kari Wuhrer as the good - hearted sex bomb . Extremely illogical things happen constantly and the dullness of the story becomes irritating very quickly , while the make - up effects are n't enough to even satisfy amateur - horror fans . I read a few other comments on King of the Ants , claiming it 's Gordon 's best since it finally is a thought - provoking and mature film . Well , if that 's the case . I rather stay immature and give Re - Animator another viewing , thank you very much . Oh well , I guess every good director runs out of steam and inspiration eventually.too bad it also overcame Stuart Gordon .
0 This movie was an attempt to go into places most do n't and perhaps should n't venture into . It was a similar trial at the bizarre , head - case perspective given to us in The Cell , although not near as in - depth and well portrayed . The plot is constructed simply with an initial campy feel to it . Then , as the movie takes its supposed " dramatic " turn , the plot falls apart on what few legs it had to stand on in the first place . < br /><br />Basically the idea is that of a kid ( Chris McKenna ) who needs money . He takes on the role of a hit man , killing a city accountant . Then he does n't get paid for his work but instead gets tortured for several days because he dreamed up the " brilliant " idea of trying to use a backup file he had as leverage for payment . This idiotic move at trying to force them to pay him backfires as he is horribly and endlessly abused . He begins to go crazy ( some very disturbing scenes ) . Then , thinking he has paid for his sins and can start over , he visits the wife ( Kari Wuhrer ) of the man who he killed and wins her affections . Soon after she discovers who he is , tragedy strikes , and revenge sweeps through the air as the boy goes after his torturers ( Daniel Baldwin , George Wendt , Vernon Wells ) for their previous " kindness".<br /><br />I got to ask though , what is it with Kari Wuhrer and horror / gore type films?<br /><br />It seems everything she has put out lately has been in this genre . Granted , I liked her in " Eight - Legged Freaks " and she was okay in " Anaconda " . But despite all her obvious cuteness and allure ( wow , she 's hot ! ) , she can act much better and chose better roles . Or maybe , I 'm wrong and that is just a misconception . For all you guys out there , you get to see the " fully monty " of her in this film , although it 's rather bizarre and short - lived . I almost felt like she did some soft - porn after watching this film ( something not foreign to Kari 's career ) . The sex - simulation is such that it has to make you wonder what things really go on during filming . < br /><br />Anyway , I will say there is some good acting . Just do n't expect much of it from Daniel Balwin , whose career seems forever destined to second his brother Alex 's . The film did bring out a few old greats though , George Wendt ( Norm from Cheers ) and Vernon Wells ( Commando , Weird Science ) . Above all , Chris McKenna does the best job in playing the main character , Sean Crawley . His little acting experience and yet his believable nature as a naive youth , bring some elements of substance to the film . < br /><br />I would n't go out of my way for this one . If you 're bored and are tired of the same old episodes of " The Hitchhiker " , then I might advise watching this.<br /><br />And Kari , please start acting in some better films !
0 This movie is written by Charlie Higson , who has before this done the " legendary " Fast Show and his own show based on one of Fast Show 's characters ( Tony the car sales man ) . He 's also written James Bond books for kids.<br /><br />Actually I 've seen before this only Gordon 's movies that are based on Lovecraft 's stories , and every one of those is marvelous . Here Gordon tries to do something different . The style is totally " contemporary " , which means shaky camera , fast and strange cutting , cool chillout music in the background . It works quite well here , I guess , but it 's still pointless and cheap . It makes me often think of the cameraman who 's shaking his dv - camera in front of the actors / actresses and try to make stylish moves in the pictures ( hoping that something tolerable would come out of it ) . The casting is good , and there is a whole atmosphere , which is the result of good directing . I think the main character , the " zero " young guy , is quite interesting in his " zeroness " . The fat guy is also good . And the guy who looks like Alec Baldwin , but is not him . But pretty soon after the beginning the movie turns out to be something not - so - interesting : In this case I mean an endless line of scenes of sadism and sickness . There is not much humanity in this film / story : It 's totally pessimistic , and every person in this movie is disgusting and hopeless , or soon dead . Needless to say that there is no humor either . It 's a 1'40 long vomit without no relief in any moment . Anyway , Gordon remains to me one of the most interesting movie makers that are active today , and I think of this movie as an experiment , and as a failure in that . Everyone has to experience getting lost sometimes , just to learn and to find their way again . This might be Gordon 's most uninteresting and empty work .
0 I must pat myself on the back for watching this movie all the way through because it truly was painful . An incapable painter becomes a fully capable hit - man ? This movie was rife with absurdities of which if I mentioned them all I would be giving away the movie . Norm Peterson aka George Wendt must really be in a rut to have agreed to do this movie . The acting was deplorable and the story was even worse . As a sane minded and rational individual , I could not understand where the writer came from nor where he was going with this movie . There was ineptness on the part of every main character , there was a string of hapless and ridiculous events , then the movie ended . One absurd act after another with dialogue does n't make a movie , it only makes a talkative train wreck .
0 I was p***ed when I could n't see this one when it was screening at the Philly Film Fest last year , so when I saw that it was going to be on cable tonight , I put it on remind as soon as I could . So was it worth the wait ? Well let 's backtrack a tad as I have yet to give you the plot . Sean Crawley is a young man who does n't know what his path in life is . Enter Duke ( George Wendt ) who introduces him to his boss Ray ( Danny Baldwin ) . One night Ray totally hammered asks Sean to off the guy that they had Sean following around . And it goes on from there . Which leads me back to the question posed . Was it worth the wait ? Yes and no , the buildup was pretty good and George Wendt stole the movie for me . He just took the ball and ran with it . But it 's nowhere near as violent as I was led to believe and somewhere along the movies running time the ball is not only dropped , but fumbled and taken in the other direction . I know where this point happened exactly , but ca n't say without spoiling the film . But needless to say it happened . The ending does n't save the film either . Poor Stuart Gordon nothing can be good like " Re - animator " or " Castle Freak".<br /><br />My Grade : C < br /><br />Where I saw it : Showtime Extreme < br /><br />Eye Candy : Kari Wuhrer shows her ta - tas in one fantasy and then in the next more ta - tas and it pans down and ... OH MY GOD MY EYES MY EYES ! ! ! ! !
0 A film without conscience . Drifter agrees to kill a man for a mobster for money . Then they double cross him . Meanwhile he falls in love with the dead man 's wife , and , without her knowing he 's the killer , moves in with her . Then he " accidentally " kills her when she finds out . Then , in a WALKING TALL kind of heroism , he gets revenge on the mobsters who double crossed him . The first problem is that , by agreeing to take on the murder by hire assignment , the drifter loses all sense of sympathy , worthiness , and heroism . We ca n't accept any goodness in him and as a result the rest of the has no moral center . We just ca n't care about that kind of guy . And the wife ( nicely played by the fetching Kari Wuhrer - the sheriff in EIGHT LEGGED FREAKS ) , a high class lady who runs a mission for homeless people , similarly loses a degree of sympathy by jumping right into bed with the homeless drifter ( despite her evidently weakened state after the death of her husband ) . And , when she finds out he 's the guy  what does she do ? She locks him inside her house ( as if ALL houses had locks you ca n't open from INSIDE ) with her and proceeds to berate him . Stoo - pid . George Wendt , however , is terrific in a role as a beefy thug . Director Stuart Gordon did so much better with RE - ANIMATOR and DAGON .
0 I do n't know anything of the writer 's or the director 's earlier work so I had n't brought any prejudices to the film . Based on the brief description of the plot in TV Guide I thought it might be interesting.<br /><br />But implausibility was piled upon implausibility . Each turn of the plot seemed to be an excuse to drag in more bloodshed , gruesome makeup , or special effects.<br /><br />The score was professional and Kari Wuhrer seems like a decent actress but the rest was more than disappointing . It was positively repulsive.<br /><br />I will not go through the vagaries of the narrative but I 'll give an example of what I think of as an excess of explicit gore.<br /><br />Chris McKenna goes to an isolated ranch house and pulls the frozen body of his earlier victim ( Wendt ) out of the deep freeze . McKenna had killed Wendt by biting a chunk out of his neck . Now he feels he must destroy the evidence of his involvement in Wendt 's demise . ( What are the cops going to do , measure his bite radius ? ) McKenna unwraps Wendt 's head and neck from the freezer bag it 's in , takes an ax , and begins to chop off Wendt 's head . Whack . Whack . Whack . The bit of the ax keeps chipping away at Wendt 's neck . The air is filled with nuggets of flying frozen flesh , one of which drops on McKenna 's head . ( He brushes it off when he 's done . ) McKenna then takes the frozen head outside to a small fire he 's built . He sits the head on the ground , squats next to it , takes out some photos of a woman he 's just killed , and shows them to Wendt 's head . " Remember her ? We could have really made it if it had n't been for you guys , " he tells the head . " Duke , you 've always liked bonfires , have n't you ? " he asks . Then he places the head on the fire . We only get a glimpse of it burning but we can hear the fat sizzling in the flame.<br /><br />I do n't want this sort of garbage to be censored . I 'm only wondering who enjoys seeing this stuff.<br /><br />There 's no reason to go on with the rest of the movie . Well , I 'll mention one example of an " implausibility , " since I brought the idea up . McKenna has been kidnapped and locked in a dark bare shack . He knows he 's going to be clobbered half to death in the following days . ( He 's literally invited the heavies to do it . ) What would you do in this Poe - like situation ? Here 's what McKenna does on what may turn out to be the last night of his life . He finds a discarded calendar with a pin - up girl on it and masturbates ( successfully ) . Give that man the Medal of Freedom ! < br /><br />A monster who looks like Pizza the Hut is thrown into some unnecessary flashbacks . The camera is often hand held and wobbly . The dialog has lines like , " Life is a piece of s***. Or else it 's the best of all possible worlds . It depends on your point of view . " Use is made of a wide angle lens that turns ordinary faces into gargoyle masks . A house blows up in an explosive fireball at the end while the hero , McKenna , walks towards us in the foreground.<br /><br />Some hero he is , too . He first kills a man for $ 13,000 by bashing him over the head several times with a heavy statue , then a potted plant , before finally tipping a refrigerator over onto the body . ( This bothers him a little , but not enough to keep him from insisting on payment . ) Then , I hope I have the order straight , he kills Wendt by ripping out part of his neck . Then he kills the wife of his first victim by accident and blames the heavies for it , although by almost any moral calculus they had nothing to do with it . Next he burns the head honcho ( Baldwin ) alive . Then , having disabled the two lesser heavies , he deliberately blows them up , though one of them is n't entirely unsympathetic . And we 're supposed to be rooting for McKenna.<br /><br />These are n't cartoon deaths like those in the Dirty Harry movies either -- bang bang and you 're dead . These are slow and painful . The first one -- the murder for $ 13,000 -- is done clumsily enough to resemble what might happen in real life . It is n't really easy to kill another human being , as Hitchcock had demonstrated in Torn Curtain . But that scene leads to no place of any importance.<br /><br />Some people might enjoy this , especially those young enough to think that pain and death are things that happen only in movies . Some meretricious stuff on screen here .
0 I read all these reviews on here about how this is a such a good movie . Jeez , this movie was predictable and pretty boring . The acting was below average most of the time , especially by Mckenna . I have n't seen a more pathetic attempt at making someone " badass " in a movie . Oh man , this movie was a letdown . I also read somewhere this might be a cult classic . I know there are followers of the director , but this movie was just a average piece of film.<br /><br />The script was lame , for the most part the acting was lame , this movie was lame.<br /><br />Oh and pray for the guy that used to be in Cheers . He looks really bad . < br /><br />The best actor in this movie was probably the guy in Office Space , and he was only in this movie for about 8 minutes.<br /><br />4/10
0 The proverb " Never judge a book by it 's cover " , was coined as a warning to those who fail to look beneath the surface . < br /><br />As I viewed the artwork to,"King of the Ants " I instantly thought HORROR ! The arcane imagery proudly displayed on the cover & back spoke of a dark vision , the synopsis promised a story of murder , betrayal , & retribution . Instead what I discovered beneath that surface , was less interesting than what you can find under your average rock.<br /><br />"King of the Ants " features Chris L. McKenna as Sean Crawley , an average guy ready to make a name for himself in this world , even if it means murder . Except Sean Crawley is someone you do n't care about , never once did I feel any compassion or sympathy for this character . In fact he 's downright unlikable , but not as much as Daniel Baldwin ( Ray Mathews)who turns in an uninspired performance as a made all the worst by the utterly laughable dialogue he is forced to recite . Throw in Kari Wuhrer as a grieving widow who apparently has unconditional trust ( esp . in the homeless ) , and little to no common sense , and George Wendt as Duke , which is basically a sober Norm from Cheers but MEAN!<br /><br />Now there are a couple of interesting " hallucination " sequences in this film ( the source of the cover images ) but this film never delves further into that world . It prefers to bombard you with unmotivated characters , bad dialogue , and unlikely event after unlikely event . Oh the Horror !
0 The wife of a stage producer in London hopes to fix up the American song - and - dance man starring in her husband 's latest show with an acquaintance , an American girl who makes her living modeling fashions in society circles . Unfortunately , the couple has already met on their own , with the girl thinking the guy is actually the show producer married to her friend ( the fact he 's not wearing a wedding ring should have discouraged any misunderstandings ! ) . Wafty Fred Astaire - Ginger Rogers musical is eventually dragged back down to the earth by Dwight Taylor and Allan Scott 's idiotic script , which is full of juvenile behavior . Astaire and Rogers do n't just ' meet cute'--they meet ridiculously ( he 's tap - dancing like a madman in the hotel suite above hers and she complains ) . Audiences of 1935 probably did n't care how these two were going to get together -- as long as they did so , and happily . Seen today , the central characters appear to have no motivation to end up in each other 's arms : he plies her with flowers ( after telling his friend he wants to remain " fancy free " in the love department ) and she gives him the brush - off . Nothing that a little dancing could n't cure ! This glamorous twosome are as deliberately unreal as are the London and Venice settings , but we watch simply because the leads are Fred and Ginger . It 's a fantasy for have - nots ... ones who do n't mind the dumbed - down plot . The musical moments do break up the monotony of the contrived scenario , yet fail to transcend the surrounding silliness . * * from * * * *
0 Having endured this inaccurate movie I will admit that it is a more modern telling of the story than previous versions . Yet , it is so inaccurate and has has been made so politically correct that it made me mad after watching it . Davy Crockett was very poorly represented by Billy Bob , who I thought would have probably been better cast as Sam Houston given both men 's love of oratory . I think self - absorbed Dennis Quaid(an actual Texan ) would have been a perfect Crockett and it would have definitely fed into his starved sense of self - worship . As a Texan and a true believer in the Texas mindset I feel Davy Crockett was the quintessential Texan even though not born here . Our unofficial motto is " It ai n't braggin ' if it is a fact " was made for Crockett . And that last scene at the Alamo where Crockett is the last survivor has to be the biggest insult to Davy Crockett ever made . To even suggest that this giant of a man and seasoned fighter would allow himself to be taken alive is ridiculous . Three different eye witness accounts place him dead amid the bodies of a dozen or more dead Mexican soldiers after undoubtedly fierce hand to hand combat . Finally , that lame ending to the movie supposedly depicting the battle of San Jacinto as a mutual battle of 600 Texicans vs 700 Mexican Soldiers when there was actually closer to 1,500 well trained Mexican regulars . Every Texas school kid who pays attention in their first Texas history class knows the battle took the Mexican Army by surprise during siesta time and the Mexican army was so confused they could not form ranks and fled as they were not trained to fight frontier style hand to hand .
0 A question for you : A family go to a new house and get stalked by demonic forces . Which film am I talking about ? Every horror film you`ve seen ? Yes that`s true but that`s not the answer I`m looking for . I`ll narrow it down by saying there`s a lot of teen angst scenes . Doesn`t help ? Well there`s lots of bits where the characters are stalked by a creature and you see the characters through the creature`s POV . No futher forward ? Okay there`s a dream sequence involving lots of blood ? Could still be any horror film you say . Oh gawd this could take weeks so I`ll say the film I`m talking about features loads of Aussies many of whom have appeared in NEIGHBOURS and HOME AND AWAY . Yes that`s right the film is THE THIRD CIRCLE ( aka CUBBYHOUSE ) and do you understand what the above exercise is about ? It`s about me pointing out how THE THIRD CIRCLE is absolutely no different from any horror film that`s been made
0 Suffice it to say that this substandard B has nothing to save it - not an interesting plot or even one tolerably decent actor . Josh Leonard of Blair Witch fame does little to help matters . Do yourself a favor and leave this one on the shelf at your local video store .
0 I had numerous problems with this film.<br /><br />It contains some basic factual information concerning quantum mechanics , which is fine . Although quantum physics has been around for over 50 years , the film presents this information in a grandiose way that seems to be saying : " Are n't you just blown away by this ! " Well , not really . These are n't earth shattering revelations anymore . At any rate , I was already familiar with quantum theory , and the fact that particles have to be described by wave equations , etc . is not new.<br /><br />The main problem I have with this movie , however , is the way these people use quantum theory as a way of providing a scientific basis for mysticism and spiritualism . I do n't have any serious problem with mysticism and spiritualism , but quantum mechanics does n't really have anything to do with these things , and it should be kept separate . The people they interviewed for this movie start with the ideas of quantum theory and then make the leap to say that simply by thinking about something you can alter the matter around you , hence we should think positively so as to have a positive impact on the world and make our lives better . The reasoning is completely ridiculous , and the conclusions do not logically follow from quantum theory . For every so called " expert " that they interviewed for this film , there are scores of theoretically physicists who would completely disagree . They would point out , quite rightly , that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not lend support to mystical notions about our spiritual connectedness.<br /><br />It disturbs me that people are going to see this film and completely eat it up because it leaves them with a nice positive feeling . The main thrust of the film is based on a total misinterpretation of quantum theory , and it is as bad in its reasoning as any attempt to justify organized religion with similar pseudo - scientific arguments.<br /><br />Avoid this film.<br /><br />Oh yeah . At one point , one of the " experts " says that since throughout history most of the assumptions people have made about the world turned out to be false , therefore the assumptions we currently hold about the world are also likely to be false . Huh ? That totally does not follow . And even if it did , I do n't see how that helps his argument . I mean , if his ideas ever became common assumptions then I guess we would have to assume that they are false too , based on his own reasoning .
0 As a physics student , I 've become aware of many idiot professors , and other so - called experts , in the field . As I continue with my studies , I learn more and more about real physics experiments going on , and about the people who are doing things right.<br /><br />Then , my friends tell me of this " physics movie " they want to see . Knowing nothing of it , I 'm excited , hoping that the information will be presented well.<br /><br />I've done REAL quantum mechanics ; this was n't it.<br /><br />This movie starts with the basic assumption that anything that occurs to a subatomic particle can , and will , occur to you , if you just open your eyes . Let 's think about that , for just a moment.<br /><br />Our bodies are composed of somewhere around 10 ^ 30 such subatomic particles . That is a million billion billion billion particles ! The more " mysterious " quantum effects of just two particles can have a 50 % probability of cancelling each other out completely . As you add more and more particles into the mix , it becomes almost impossible to have a large net quantum result . To tell us to believe that this is a valid assumption , with no rationality behind it ... it 's just stupid.<br /><br />My friend , also in physics , and I counted 3 facts during the course of this movie . But they were presented in the most misleading manner I 've EVER SEEN.<br /><br />I can not say as much for the neural portion of the movie , as I have not had any kind of medical training . It seemed as though it might have had a slight bit more truth to it , remembering my days in biology , but I can not say.<br /><br />At least this film had a redeeming quality : the dancing peptides ( or whatever they actually were ) scene . Not to ruin the invaluable plot that drives this movie , but the main character goes to a wedding , where she sees all different types of personalities " driven " by their peptides * , and then the film cuts to the dance floor , where we are spliced between people dancing , sometimes surrounded by CG peptides , and a fully CG scene , filled with dancing peptides . The film , at that point , was trying to tell us how we 're " addicted to emotions , " so we 're treated to the full song of that smash hit , " Addicted to Love." < br /><br />This scene was redeeming , because anyone who could go through THAT scene , and still take this movie seriously ... well , you are the ones that need to " open your eyes . "
0 This movie made me very angry . I wanted desperately to throttle the " scientists " and unseen film - makers during the course of it . Very , very painful to sit through . Sophomoric and pretentious in the worst way . The little good information on brain function / chemistry and quantum theory is lost in a sea of new agey horse sh*t . The worst offenders were the crack - pot charlatans Ramtha and Joseph Dispenza . Mr. Dispenza informs us that most people lead lives of mediocrity and clearly implies that he , on the other hand , is living on a higher plane . Even the ideas and attitudes that I basically agree with are presented in such a heavy handed , clumsy , superior , pretentious , preachy manner that I felt the desire to disavow them . I think that 's what made me so angry , the fact that they 've taken what are indeed profound aspects of established scientific thought and marred them with their new age hokum . Much of it is based around the fallacy of applying concepts of quantum theory to the macro world . Fittingly , the dramatized portions with Marlee Matlin are amateurish and cliché ridden.<br /><br />I would refer people instead to Bill Bryson 's excellent survey of science : " A Brief History of Nearly Everything . " There 's plenty of profound wonder about life and the universe in the actual , established science .
0 It seems the makers of this film had trouble deciding what their message really was . Consequently , they had even more trouble delivering it . They began by poorly describing principles of quantum physics which relate to sub - atomic particles . Having established a fuzzy picture of Heisenberg 's Uncertainty Principle , they presented a barrage of talking heads who built a case of ridiculous logic intimating that every living person is an entity which follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale . Then there was a lot of talk about ideas upon which Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins have made their careers : positive thinking , interrupting bad patterns , always look on the bright side , etc . Next came a bit about how our brains can change our bodies through production of proteins : hormones which we more or less choose to create . If you are sad , you will create sad proteins . If you are happy , you will create happy proteins . It 's just so simple , is n't it ? Interwoven with our lessons we follow the fictitious life of Amanda , a photographer who pops anti - depressants and hates her thighs . The film makers slowly but surely were trying to get us all to say , " Hey , Amanda , just cheer up ! " Why ca n't she cheer up ? Obviously it 's because the world is a BAD place where there is crime and poverty and religion , that 's why . The conclusion of the film ( which is basically the entire second half ) brought on a barrage of contradiction . We are all a part of a whole energy where we are not beings , but a collective consciousness , but we are individuals who can change the world , but there are many of each of us because of all the different dimensions , but we can choose who we are , and we have a purpose to do good , but there is no god because there is nothing better than us , so there is no such thing as right and wrong , so there is no such thing as reward or punishment , so nothing good ever came out of religion , but we should still do good anyway , even though there is no such thing as bad and good because there is nobody to decide what that is , except for the fact that we each can make life good if we all meditate , and then crime will cease , and if we say nice things , our water will freeze into pretty shapes . Still with me ? Good because there is more . According to Robert L. Park in his book " Voodoo Science " , the whole meditation experiment put on by John Hagelin in Washington , D.C. was a farce , the numbers were doctored , and the murder rate was higher that year that any year before or since . And what about your positive attitude keeping you young and healthy ? This was a message delivered by an older man who looked his age and a woman who was overweight.<br /><br />So does all this work or not ? I was lucky enough to see the film at a theater where Betsy Chasse , one of the film 's three directors ( yes , three ) fielded questions following the show . I call myself lucky because I had first - hand confirmation that these people do n't know what they are talking about . Several of the questions asked by audience members had her so stumped that her husband , a chiropractor , had to step in and recite the answer . I finally had to leave when the discussion inevitably turned political , and everyone , including Ms. Chasse , began speculating as to how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie .
0 Anyone who has studied any physics or cognitive science will walk out disgusted after 40 min . , as my wife and I did . The ignorant masses might be entertained by the hand - waiving arguments and the absurd " conclusions " drawn ( without even an attempt at a logical reason ) from real science . I 'm offended by such nonsense presented under the guise of " science " . I can only conclude that the writers picked up a quantum physics book , did n't understand a word of it , then watched The Matrix about a thousand times , and proceeded to write this movie.<br /><br />For example , the Washington DC crime experiment was done by The Transcendental Meditation Program . A brief search will reveal the science of their methods . ( http://www.freedomofmind.com/resourcecenter/groups/t/tm/dissenter.htm)<br /><br />Save your money .
0 Remember the chain - smoking channeler exposed on 60 Minutes a few years ago ? This is her . Lots of folks reviewed this movie without checking the bona fides of the filmmakers . The producers have been using phony " word of mouth " promotions very successfully without disclosing the financial and philosophical underpinnings for this piece of marketing tripe . If you believe in channeling , reincarnation , new age dreck and day - old baloney , this film is for you . If you want a discussion of quantum physics or reality , look elsewhere . The purpose of this movie is to convince you that Ramtha is n't a wacko , so you 'll give her a bunch of your money . If you can tiptoe through the Ramtha website without howling in disbelief , then maybe you 'll think the bucks you dropped on this infomercial for insanity was well spent . < http://rogerebert.suntimes.com/apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=ANSWERMAN >
0 I created my own reality by walking out of the theater I was roped in by my girlfriend into going to this dreck with her mom . We ( my g - friend and I ) walked out about an hour into it . What a load of pseudo scientific new age jargon.<br /><br />Sub atomic particles are thoughts ? By taping labels to bottles of water and blessing it by a Buddhist monk it grew little pretty crystals ? A drop of 25 % in the murder rate in DC happened when a bunch of folks meditated . Wow , what a rigorous scientific study . I 'm sure that someone ate cheerios for four days straight during the same time . Should we conclude that eating cheerios caused a drop in the murder rate ? < br /><br />Hogwash , hooey , bull pucky ! < br /><br />BTW- It was funded by the Ramtha cult , the leader of which was one of the " experts " which were interview by the filmmakers . No ulterior motives here , right ?
