1 Does anyone know what kind of pickup John T drove ? I looks like a mid to late 70 's Ford . This movie is my favorite as well as my wife 's . It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple . The pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck I drove and recently found another like it . I would like to restore the pick up I have to resemble the on in the movie . Also the music was awesome , and the acting was great . Where and what is the lady who portrayed John 's aunt ? Also did John have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell ? Also what year of Mustang did Debra W drive in this show . It looked like a 60 's model . Thanks ,
1 I was about 11 years old i found out i live 0.48 miles from the uncle house . the uncle house is on Westway Dr , deer park , TX . they have added homes since the movie was made . i do n't know the house number but you can go look it up . i am now 21 and i enjoy watching this movie . the bar on Spencer is no longer their . Pasadena ISD wants to build a school their . I drove by the house last week the house still looks great . My dad and uncle would go to the street where the house is and watch the actors come in and out of the house trying to make the movie . where john cross over the railroad cracks they have made 225 higher . when i hear about john loesing his son i start thinking about when he made urban cowboy he was 26 or 25 at the time .
1 I grew up in Houston and was nine when this movie came out . As a result I do n't remember anything about the movie . But I do remember the sensation it caused from Gilley 's and the mechanical bull to Johnny Lee 's hit song " Lookin ' for Love " which still brings back memories of childhood whenever I hear it.<br /><br />However , a few years ago I saw this movie for the first time as an adult and all I can say is , I was blown away . Few movies have hit me harder . This movie is as raw and real as you can get . From Uncle Bob 's ranch house , the chemical plant in Texas City , Gilley 's dance hall , and Bud and Sissy . And maybe for that reason it does n't have a wider appeal . But no matter how you feel about country music ( I for one ca n't stand it despite my Houston roots ) Urban Cowboy is a unique slice of American pie . For that reason I love it !
1 This is my FAVORITE ALL time movie . It used to be my Friday night movie with a pizza and bottle of wine when I was single . I first saw this movie with my aunt Brend and sister Chasity . I was in the 2nd grade . I fell in LOVE with Travolta and Sissy was my new best friend . I 've read a lot of comments about why Bud left Sissy & how Sissy has to " learn to act " married . But let 's go back and look at this for a second : SPOILER - My interpretation of the movie now , not when I was eight is this about Bud & Sissy 's relationship takes a turn for the worst because she makes a fool of him at Gilley 's riding the bull . They get in a huge fight . Bud tries to make Sissy jealous by asking Pam to dance . Sissy then thinks two wrongs will make a right and Wes asks her if " she needs any help " . They 're all on the dance floor acting like fools when Bud asks Pam , " when are you going to take me home and rape me ? " Pam answers : " When ever you 're ready Cowboy " . Bud then goes home with Pam to her condo in downtown Houston . Which Daddy has bought for her with his oil money and " all that that implies " . Bud is the one who cheats on Sissy . Sissy is waiting for Bud when he returns home the next day . Sissy is the ONE who leaves Bud . Then , it 's up to Bud to prove to Sissy that he is a real " cowboy " and win her back . < br /><br />Anyways , that 's my interpretation . Everyone has their I 'm sure ! I love this movie.<br /><br />And believe it or not , I got myself a REAL cowboy ! I love him too ! :)
1 What an overlooked 80 's soundtrack . I imagine John Travolta sang some of the songs but in watching the movie it did seem to personify everything that was 80s cheese . Clearly movies that rely on mechanical bulls , bartenders and immature relationships were in style . The best was his lousy Texas accent . Compare that to Friday Night Lights . I suggest watching Cocktail and Stir Crazy to start really getting into the dumbing down of film . Also , as a side note Made in America with Ted Danson and Whoopie Goldberg is an awesomely bad movie . I was so shocked to realize I had never watched it . One more weird movie of this genre would have to include Cadilac Man with Robin Williams . Just remember all of these BIG stars played big roles in these CHEESY movies .. Tom Cruise , Richard Pryor , Robin Williams and John Travolta
1 I guess every time I see one of these old movies from the 80 's it puts me back at a simpler time , no matter how corny they may seem today . This movie is a good one . I remember seeing it as a small kid and thinking it was the greatest movie ever . It has all the heroistic characters that a young cowboy wants to be . Now as an adult , I can look back and laugh and still feel sad , but this time I actually know what 's going on . I did find one thing weird . How many people can move to Houston and hook up with Sissy , get married , move into a trailer , have a falling out , cheat , have an uncle die , then get back together , all in the course of a month ? Only in America .
1 How can anyone argue the fact that Urban Cowboy was , and still is , the best document of Texas life for the time period . Consider the following : men beat their wives , get drunk at bars nightly , get married to settle a fight , commit adultery , and compete on mechanical bulls . Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly . They do nt make them anymore . It seems current films are always about people with lots of money , they live in huge homes , drive expensive cars and do n't work . This movie has a celebration scene about getting a trailer for pete 's sake ! < br /><br />Anyway , I watch it at least once a week . No kidding . I have dissected this movie from end to end . feel free to email me to learn more about my reason for calling it a documentary . Consider the following scenes : Bud sees Sissy - they are split up - he amicably honks and waves , she flips him the bird - he returns half the peace sign honking his horn to add impact then tears off.<br /><br />Buds mom calls him approx . 18 hours after he gets into town , on a Sunday , to see if he has a job yet - all he has accomplished is getting drunk and laid(x2 ) , with help from his uncle and aunt who cover for him.<br /><br />"You all live like pigs " Think about why this scene is needed . Think about it . Was it necessary ? Could we not figure it out without showing the filthy sink ? God I love that ! < br /><br />Sissy allows Wes to help her ride the bull . Only a few days ( or possibly the next day ) after Wes just kicked the crap out of her husband . Steve asks - Hey Sissy , remember Wes ? Oh yeah , did nt you beat my husband up the other night , so let 's get this lesson goin' , to make no mention of the fact that she seeks solace in him later during one Bud and Sissy 's many fights , which by the way all take place in public - in Gilley 's ! < br /><br />The Wedding reception picture taking session ( oh the humanity ! ) could they at least arrange or move the chairs out of the way . " My legs are sweatin ' momma" < br /><br />In conclusion , you do n't put scenes like this in a movie to try and show insight into human psychology . It is a documentary of real life.<br /><br />I only wish there was a director 's cut ....
1 This is a smart drama about the way of life in a Texas honky tonk in the early 1980 's . John Travolta and Debra Winger turn out two very believable performances as Bud and Sissy Davis . This film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce America to the mechanical bull . If you love a good romance film , then you will love this movie .
1 Another entertaining Travolta dance flick ! GREAT MUSIC , mood , and scenes . Debra Winger is beautiful ! Like " Saturday Night Fever " , this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for Travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them .
1 do n't mind the soundtrack , which is played out by now.<br /><br />Still , Debra Winger is always interesting and while this was an earlier role for her , she is quite good as Cissy , girl from the wrong side of the tracks , lived in trailer with Bud , ( Travolta ) , only to be replaced for a time by city slicker Madolyn Smith as a rival.<br /><br />I agree with an earlier review regarding Scott Glenn , he is used for plot only , thrown in to the mix to create suspense ; the story is predictable and contrived.<br /><br />Also , even though I am from the east , many of us did NOT like " Saturday Night Fever " , while it had its moments , the perpetual stereotypes are beyond criticism at this point.<br /><br />Worth seeing for Debra Winger ; she is still so likable , and never had that Hollywood persona we are subjected to by too many actresses today . 7/10
1 John Travolta , the biggest honkeytonk in the world , and a mechanical bull ... what more can you ask for ! Yeah , you 're probably not going to get many surprises or deep meaning in this one . Yet , I have always found it fairly enjoyable to watch this redneck romance . Bud ( Travolta ) and Sissy ( Debra Winger ) meet at Gilley 's and fall in love . They have all the difficulties you might expect a hardcore redneck couple to have . The honkeytonk scenes are fun with dancing , mechanical bull riding , and -of course- the required brawls . It has a good , 1980 country soundtrack , featuring " Looking for Love in All the Wrong Places " , " The Devil Went Down to Georgia " , and " Hello Texas " by my favorite Jimmy Buffett . Break out your cowboy boots and have a boot - scootin ' boogie ! < br /><br / > * * * ( Out of 4 )
1 My definition of a great movie is if you want to continue to see it over again . This movie for some reason strikes a cord in me even though the scenes with Scott Glenn still make me winch ; I watch it over and over again and love the music !
1 The only reason I came across this movie was that it 's on the LITTLE MISS MARKER DVD and I do recommend watching it although you wo n't like it as well as the better known movie.<br /><br />We have Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard as a con man and his companion . The film starts out quite light , but becomes more dramatic as Coop first plans on using his daughter to extort a sizable amount of cash from his brother - in - law but upon meeting the girl and seeing the discipline she would be subject to with his brother - in - law elects to keep her . However , he has trouble staying on the straight and narrow path and so the drama develops.<br /><br />Cooper and Lombard are good and Shirley still manages to steal the scenes she 's in . There 's little music in this , and Shirley only has one song . However this is entertaining and worth watching along with LITTLE MISS MARKER .
1 Even longtime Shirley fans may be surprised by " Now and Forever . " The movie was filmed with Paramount studios – not with Shirley 's parent company Twentieth Century Fox – in 1934 , before Fox producer Darryl Zanuck had perfected the successful Shirley formula ( cute songs , cold hearts for her to melt , young couples for her to play cupid to , happy endings ) . Thus " Now and Forever " falls into the category of a Shirley vehicle without the standard Shirley story . It is an awkward position for any movie , but this impressive , talented cast makes it work.<br /><br />Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard star as fun - loving , irresponsible con artists Jerry and Toni Day . The only thing that this devoted yet dysfunctional duo seems to hate more than being together is being apart . When they are suddenly landed with custody of Jerry 's young daughter Penny ( Shirley Temple ) , it is Toni – and not Penny , as many believe – who persuades Jerry to give up his criminal career . But Jerry flounders at his desk job , and desperate to prove that he can provide for his new family , he soon returns to thieving and dishonesty . In a standard Shirley device , Penny tries to melt the heart of crusty curmudgeon Felix Evans , the victim of one of Jerry 's cons , but her attempt fails , for Evans is revealed to be a con artist himself , and he blackmails Jerry into helping him steal jewels . The drama , gunfight , death , and sorrow that follow all make this film a very unusual one for Little Miss Sunshine . There is no happy ending , no dancing , and only one song sequence ( the cute number " The World Owes Me a Living").<br /><br />But this does not mean that Shirley fans should avoid " Now and Forever . " Rather , it 's divergence from the usual Shirley story make it more interesting and memorable than many of her other films . But beware : You should avoid colorized version of this film , and see it in black - and - white if you can . The color is bright , garish , and unrealistic , and in many scenes , Shirley 's famous curls are actually red instead of blonde . Yikes !
1 This is a very rare film and probably the least known from Shirley Temple as it is n't on any of her collections . The reason why is probably because it does n't have a happy ending , unlike all her other films . Its also not a musical , although she does belt out one song called ' The world owes me a living'.The film was made in 1934 and originally in black and white , the version i have is in colour and on VHS , i would say they have done a fine job as the colour does look realistic , unlike i would say the colourised films of Laurel And Hardy which are dreadful . The film is good for its age and the story has n't dated at all , I'm surprised no one has tried to do a remake . At times the film is a little bit to talky as some of the scenes with Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard seem really dragged out , in some scenes they seem to take fifteen minutes to say what they could have said in five . Although do n't be put off by this because this film does have some genuinely good moments in it , especially when { Jerry}Gary Cooper steals a necklace , and hides it in Shirley 's teddy bear . The tension and slow build up to his actions,{while at the same time his daughter is singing to an audience in another room}is very well directed . Gary and Caroles edgy facial expressions when they are put under scrutiny are also very good . In all this is a good film from the early 30's , accept it for its age .
1 This is a sprawling ( 4 hours ) remake of the Rider Haggard story , with the usual added female and an extraneous subplot with Russian soldiers seeking a " Stone of Power " buried along with the treasure of King Solomon . It 's very well shot , giving a vivid sense of the wide open spaces of Africa , and very well acted . Patrick Swayze is an excellent Alan Quatermain , and Allison Doody is attractive as Elizabeth Maitland , who hires Quatermain to help rescue her father . Sidede Onyulo as Umbopa , Gavin Hood as McNabb and the leader of the Russian soldiers ( not named in IMDb 's listing ) are also memorable . For all that Hollywood ca n't leave a good story alone when they adapt it , this one is well told and , except that it 's too long , I enjoyed it . 6/10 .
1 King 's Solomon 's Mines brings us Patrick Swayze ( playing Allan Quatermain)who has spent a lot of time in Africa , but decides it is time to return to England and be a father to his son . He finds that his wife 's parents have taken custody of his son and that he has very little chance of getting custody of him with lots of money for a law suit . In comes Alison Deedy ( playing Elizabeth ) whose father is in Africa and being held by an African tribe for ransom of the map Elizabeth 's father had sent her . Elizabeth seeks out Quatermain to take her back to Africa to find her father.<br /><br />There is a good cast of supporting characters that go along with Quatermain and Elizabeth and of course there are some enemies ( Russians ) who want the map also.<br /><br />The movie holds your attention until the end . Patrick once again plays a ruggedly handsome honorable man who comes to the rescue of the damsel in distress . Patrick is a great dramatic actor who can easily portray passion , loss and despair , the rugged silent good man , anger and strength ; In King Solomon 's Minds his character actually smiles a few times . I would really like to see Patrick Swayze in a relaxed live - loving story again , one in which he does n't have to clench his jaws and be quite so strong . Maybe a little dancing would help . But this is a good movie for the entire family and worth the time to watch it .
1 If you a purist , do n't waste your time - otherwise , hold onto your hat and enjoy the adventure . I loved the Stewart Granger / Deborah Kerr version - I 've seen it dozens of times , but this film is every bit as good , only different . I wo n't detail the differences because it would spoil the film . Also , it is a pleasure to see Alison Doody again ( I 'm a huge Indiana Jones fan ) , Patrick Swayze is good as Quatermain , and the supporting cast is superb . I find the quality of the supporting cast one of the trademarks of a Hallmark Production and this film was no exception . The cinematography is splendid and the score is perfect . If you are looking for entertainment , you wo n't be disappointed .
1 The problem with the 1985 version of this movie is simple ; Indiana Jones was so closely modeled after Alan Quartermain ( or at least is an Alan Quartermain TYPE of character ) , that the ' 85 director made the mistake of plundering the IJ movies for dialog and story far too deeply . What you got as a finished product was a jumbled mess of the name Alan Quartermain , in an uneven hodge podge of a cheaply imitated IJ saga ( with a touch of Austin Powers - esquire cheese here and there ) . < br /><br />It was labeled by many critics to have been a " great parody , " or " unintentional comedy . " Unintentional is the word . This movie was never intended to be humorous ; witty , yes , but not humorous . Unfortunately , it 's witless rather than witty.<br /><br />With this new M4TV mini - series , you get much more story , character development of your lead , solid portrayals , and a fine , even , entertaining blend . This story is a bit long ; much longer than its predecessors , but deservedly so as this version carries a real storyline and not just action and Eye Candy . While it features both action and Eye Candy , it also corrects the mistake made in the 1985 version by forgetting IJ all together and going back to the source materials for AQ , making for a fine , well - thought - out plot , and some nice complementing sub - plots . < br /><br />Now this attempt is not the all out action - extravaganza that is Indiana Jones . Nor is it a poor attempt to be so . This vehicle is plot and character driven and is a beautiful rendition of the AQ / KSM saga . Filmed on location in South Africa , the audience is granted beautiful ( if desolate ) vistas , SA aboriginal cultures , and some nice wildlife footage to blend smoothly with the performances and storyline here.<br /><br />Steve Boyum totally surprised me with this one , as I have never been one to subscribe to his vision . In fact , I have disliked most of his work as a director , until this attempt . I hope this is more a new vein of talent and less the fluke that it seems to be . < br /><br />This version rates a 9.8/10 on the " TV " scale from ... <br /><br />the Fiend : .
1 I thought King Solomon 's Mines was beautifully done . My only reservation was Alison Doody . Her acting was superb but her makeup and hair was not of the period , and always seemed to make her look out of place next to the other actors . I thought Patrick Swayze was an excellent choice for Alan Quatermain . It was nice seeing a seasoned , rugged looking actor in this role after sitting through movie after movie with the fair haired , fair skinned actors like Val Kilmer , Brad Pitt , etc . He was an excellent choice and I enjoyed every minute of this movie . This version can not be compared with the 1950 's version with Stewart Grainger . It was a big screen movie and not a made for TV movie . I thought both Quatermains were believable but the two medias have to be kept separated . I am looking forward to seeing this once more , and I hope Patrick Swayze will again look to these type of roles .
1 Watched both parts twice . Enjoyed the story and enjoyed seeing an older Patrick Swayze as the hero . He was very believable as the hunter Alan Quartermaine and certainly bested the performance of Richard Chamberlain . I do admit that I would have preferred seeing someone else as the " Lady in Distress " . Alison Doody should stick with modern and not period pieces . She did n't have the look of the woman of the 1800 's . The rest of the cast were terrific and followed the plotlines very well . I am glad to see that the actors of this generation are not afraid to try on different characters and are not afraid to be seen as getting older . Age is inevitable , but let 's not hide from it . A man at 50 + can be much sexier ( and , Patrick truly is sexy ) then a green youth , no matter how pretty . Hoorah for character lines to go along with a great smile .
1 I loved this movie . Great storyline and actors and good movie sets . It told the story in a way I can easily understand and pay attention to without falling asleep . I would like to know where I could get the soundtrack . I can not find it anywhere . Please email me if you know where I could get the soundtrack . Other than not being able to find the soundtrack I thought the movie was fascinating . Swayze did a great job . I think this is some of his best work . His past movies were OK , but this one really told a story for a change . This will go down in history as being one of the best TV films ever aired . Congrats to the producers and writers of such a great piece of work .
1 True , it does not follow the book very closely , but it 's still a very entertaining take on the story . Swayze was far better in the role than I expected . And Doody avoided the " silly woman out of her depth in the wilderness " portrayal most of us probably expected ( cf . Kate Capshaw in " Indiana Jones & the Temple of Doom").<br /><br />At any rate , it 's amazingly better than Richard Chamberlain 's awful pair of Quatermain flicks.<br /><br />It is very reminiscent of a western in many ways . About the only thing I did n't care for was all the mysticism , but I guess that is part and parcel of the genre . Like " how can you have an African adventure story without witch doctresses and preternaturally wise wandering tribesmen ? " Heh .
1 I never had an inkling while watching the movie that it was meant for the idiot box . I always thought that this was some very good successful movie of the late 90 's . But after I saw on the internet that this was meant for the TV , I was shocked because for a television film , it is absolutely fantastic!<br /><br />The thing that mostly concerned me was the length . I felt that the one on one battle scene should 've been removed as it was completely unnecessary . Also , it began to drag towards the end as it seemed as if the adventure was never going to end . < br /><br />On the plus side , there is a strong , very interesting and captivating plot with magnificent performances by everyone . I just felt that Patrik Frayze looked a bit haggard . I also felt that Gogool , who looked dementing turned a bit stupid at some scenes.<br /><br />I was delighted by the beautiful landscapes of Africa . Also , the first half of the movie would have made me give this movie a 9 . Still , its a great film for the television . 8 out of 10 .
1 Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun , and these people are supposed to be professional trackers / journeymen ! ! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun , and these people are supposed to be professional trackers / journeymen ! ! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun , and these people are supposed to be professional trackers / journeymen ! ! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun , and these people are supposed to be professional trackers / journeymen ! ! Who the hell rests at night whilst walking in the desert and travels in the heat of the sun , and these people are supposed to be professional trackers / journeymen ! !
1 When I heard Patrick Swayze was finally returning to his acting career with KING SOLOMON 'S MINES I was very excited . I was expecting a great Indiana Jones type action adventure . What I got was a 4 hour long ( with commercials ) epic that was very slow . The second and third hour could have been dropped altogether and the story would not have suffered for it . The ending was good ( no spoilers here)but I was still left wanting more . Well all a guy can do is prey that Swayze does " RoadHouse 2 " so he can get back into the action genre that made him famous . Until than if your a fan of King Solomon 's Mines than read the book or watch the 1985 version with Richard Chamberlain and Sharon Stone which is also not very good but its only and hour and forty minutes of your life gone instead of 4 hours .
1 The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland , winter is beginning to set in and the inhabitants , both humans and sheep alike are settling down to much quieter times ahead . Michael Gaffikin ( James Warwick ) a former paratrooper in the British Army , is the local dentist , he 's not an islander by birth and as such his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson ( Celia Imrie ) is always being viewed with a little suspicion , not maliciously , but just out of the protective instincts the tight knit community have for their kin . The islands serenity is broken when Gaffikin out for a solitary round of golf finds the headless remains of a brutally slain woman . He immediately reports his gruesome find to Insp Inskip(Maurice Roëves ) at the islands police station , Inskip arranges for delivery of the remains to local GP , Dr Goudry , for closer inspection . A quick search for the killer proves fruitless , as does a search for a missing local woman . Over dinner that night with Michael Gaffikin , Fiona realises that the dead woman might be Sheila Anderson , a woman from the mainland , who lives on the island through the winter months . A quick search at her home Dove Cottage reveals the missing remains of her body , her home proving to be the murder scene , but why did the killer drag her torso over a mile into the woods ? Suspicion immediately falls on the one stranger left on the island , one Colonel Howard ( Jonathan Newth)who also happened be the last person to see her alive as they came across on the last ferry together.<br /><br />Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental expertise on the victims body , it reveals that she had been torn apart my somebody or something with great strength , one set of teeth marks on the body seem to point at a human killer , another points to that of an unknown animal of some kind . A sheep is found mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is found slain . With a heavy fog rolling in , the island is cut off from the mainland and any possibility of help , the radio also does n't work , seemingly being blocked and the phone lines have been cut . Reports of UFO 's and the sighting of a camouflaged soldier are compounded by the finding of an odd looking craft hidden behind rocks on the beach . Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but the facts and laughs off Gaffikin 's idea that aliens might be involved , but a rise in radioactive levels on the island , has him doubting himself.<br /><br />The Nightmare Man is based on the novel , Child of the Vodyanoi by David Wiltshire , it is here adapted by Dr Who and Blake 's 7 scriptwriter Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield who also had directing experience on both Sci / Fi classics and the film benefits from having such experienced genre experts on board . The Nightmare Man though is on the whole , a succinctly better crafted piece , that builds its plot alongside solid character development , even down to the minor characters , time is given to giving them all a firm background . The island setting is perhaps a genre cliché that has been used over and over , but its one that I enjoy very much , the remoteness , the sense of being under siege with no way out always add to the atmosphere and here it is given an extra oomph by having an impenetrable fog close in to hamper all efforts . In many genre efforts of this kind it is very easy for proceedings to get silly and for the plot to resort to melodrama , but credit to Camfield , he holds it all together with the emphasis being on believability at all times . There is an authenticity about proceedings , the characters even speaking Gaelic at times to further this point . If there is one negative about the killer its that , we are given his / her / its POV for the killings , an acceptable cliché on its own , but when seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens , it just screams of overkill and dates the film just a little . Still though you will be hard pressed to guess the outcome or the identity or for that matter the species of the killer , given the clues presented , but it 's a fun and very well acted piece . The local Scottish cast are exceptional , the local bobbies Roeves and Cosmo in particular spar well off each other and are a delight to behold . Imrie , never one i 've taken to in other works , is also pretty good and displays hew womanly physique as if she were in a Hammer production . The outlandish , maybe even preposterous ending may irk some viewers , it disappointed me in some ways , but taking into account when it was made , its an understandable and acceptable addendum that if you think about it , is even more terrifying .
1 I was surprised , that ' ' The Secret Fury '' was an enjoyable good film ...... Probably because , I did n't have any expectations for this movie ..... Though , the film does have it 's plot holes ..... I would say , that you could n't guess who was behind the whole scheme , until the very end of the movie ..... At first , I thought , it was Robert Ryan , using the same method , like ' ' Gaslight '' where husband tries to drive his wife mad , but I was wrong ...... The main problem , with the movie is , they drive at a whole other direction , which gave no clues at the beginning ...... I thought , Robert Ryan & Claudette Colbert carried their parts well ...... Plus , Vivian Vance , a fine character actress , who steals scenes in this one ...... Those who like movies , that keeps you guessing , will like this one ......
1 In the hands of lesser actors than Claudette Colbert and Robert Ryan this film could have become silly and trite . But , with these two experienced thespians leading the way , I found " Silent Fury " to be a most exciting and pleasurable little mystery . When their wedding is interrupted by a stranger who claims that Colbert is already married , and that he was best man at that wedding , one can sense that there is some sort of plot against her at work . As Colbert , Ryan , and her attorney set out to disprove the strangers claim of a prior marriage , they are met at every turn by more evidence that seems to reinforce the claim that she is indeed already we d . Although it 's not very difficult to figure out just who the main " baddie " is , it 's still lots of fun as the intensity and pace of the story increases . All in all , a good , solid mystery film with fine performances by the two leading actors and a fine supporting cast which includes the often underrated Paul Kelly .
1 The Secret Fury , in many ways a run - of - the - mill romantic suspense drama ( directed by Mel Ferrer ) boasts top - notch principals in Colbert and Ryan ; it stays puzzling if not quite gripping until towards the end , when implausibility conquers suspension of disbelief -- as so often it does in this genre . But for some viewers the film 's highlight will be the portrayal of blowsy Leah by Vivian Vance -- the immortal Ethel Mertz on " I Love Lucy . " Oddly , Vance had very few film roles ; her true home was Broadway , where ( among other gigs ) she understudied for Ethel Merman . Here she contributes a winning turn as a chambermaid suborned to play a minor part in a nefarious scheme ; watch her half - heartedly trying to wave away the smoke when she 's puffing a furtive cigarette in the hotel 's linen - storage room -- a transgression for which she ultimately pays the supreme penalty .
1 This movie was terrific and even with a less than convincing ending , it 's still well worth seeing . The film begins as Claudette Colbert is about to marry Robert Ryan . When the minister asks if anyone has any objections , a guy jumps up and announces that Colbert CAN'T get married because she already is married ! ! Colbert insists this is n't true , but when they investigate they find that the Justice of the Peace and many others remember her wedding and there is even a signed wedding license ! Slowly , it becomes apparent that Claudette 's mind is slipping and people around her seriously doubt her sanity . Then , when the supposed first husband is murdered , all evidence and suspicion falls on Colbert.<br /><br />The film is an exciting mystery suspense film , as what I have so far described is only the first half of the movie . What follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating . Unfortunately , the conclusion , though , is a bit of a let - down , as the guiding force behind all this turns out to come " right out of left field "-- and is baffling since it was so unexpected and impossible to guess based on the information given to the viewer . However , in spite of this , the film was so good , I can even excuse the limp ending . In particular , Robert Ryan did a great job as the " knuckle - busting " fiancé , though apart from him the other performances were also excellent .
1 When ever a film is produced or directed by Mel Ferrer , you can bet your life any of his pictures will be seen for generation after generation . Just having Claudette Colbert,(Ellen R. Ewing),"The Egg & I",'47 appearing and starring in the film will make it even more of a great Classic Film . In this film , Ellen Ewing gets married and then she encounters all kinds of mental problems and even murder . The mystery gets very much involved and Robert Ryan,(David McLean),"Battle of the Bulge",'65 , comes to the aid of Ellen and sometimes you even wonder about David being on the up and up . As you view this picture you just about find yourself beginning to understand who is the real nutty person and all of a sudden , you begin to change your mind how the film will end . Great acting by Claudette Colbert and Robert Ryan who played an entirely different role than he usually portrays on the screen . I forgot to mention that Mel Ferrer , was married to a great film star , Audrey Hepburn . Great Classic film , with great Classic Actors !
1 Well , would firstly like to clarify that Kaakha Kaakha is a part of a Tamil prayer and roughly translated it means " to protect " . Khakhee on the other hand refers to the color of the police uniform ( which is Khakhi!).<br /><br />Also , the Tamil film industry is rather full of purely commercial ventures , any Rajnikanth or Vijay movie would stand testament to that statement.<br /><br />Now Kaakha Kaakha is an EXCELLENT movie with a great soundtrack . Certainly very stunning in the final scene , especially love the ending ( which is certainly unexpected ! ) . The gore is rather too much at times , but certainly this is a great movie !
1 This one stood out for it 's originality . I 'm seriously tired of seeing Hindi movies that are a hotch - potch of a whole bunch of Hollywood and Brit movies . Some flaws were inevitable , nonetheless , this movie is a must - see . Surya 's portrayal of the clean - cut , conscientious cop ( as opposed to the pot - bellied , money - hungry ones that we normally see ) was awesome . He 's come a long way from his work in Nerukku Ner . I liked the movie so much that I had to own it . I 'm not usually into the mindless violence type of movies , somehow I actually felt for each character and therefore ca n't really bring myself to call it ' mindless ' violence . I do not appreciate the excessive melodrama and sentimental scenes that go hand in hand with most Hindi and Tamil movies . I absolutely loved this movie for it 's lack of the same . ACP Anbuselvan 's reaction to loosing his wife , is not overdone , is heart - wrenching and makes me want to bawl my eyes out . There are certain times when I 'm watching a movie when I want to hit the FF button . Plenty of times I 've wanted to do that at a cinema hall . Never wanted to do so when watching this movie . I 'm really hoping that Ghajini releases soon .
1 Indian cinema typifies cops of two broad categories : they are either the honest type or the bad guys . The honest guys always shout at the top of their voice and fight the system while the bad cops enjoy for most part but suffer at the end.<br /><br />This movie at least breaks this usual formula and gives a refreshing view of cops and their lives . The direction takes an inside look at the life of a young ambitious cop who . The music is interesting and the editing is a trend setter as far as Indian cinema goes.<br /><br />The movie is slow at times and the dilemma which Anbu faces when it comes to Maya is overplayed at times . But I would still give this one 9/10 simply because it has many firsts to its credit .
1 It has been almost 5 years since the release of this stylish action flick . I have watched this movie almost 10 times and it a great effort by Gautham . From my perspective , I feel this movie is virtually flawless . Surya as ACP Anbuchelvan - no doubt .. classy . Jyothika played her role as Maya very well . The character suits her very well . The character that caught movie - goers attention was Pandia . Jeevan played the role of Pandia very well . Brutal and fearsome . Jeevan deservedly received the Best Villain award in the ITFA 2004.The supporting cast of Daniel Balaji , Devadharshini and other performed well.<br /><br />Racy screenplay , perfectly - timed dialogues and brilliant narration by Gautham . The soundtrack by Harris Jeyaraj are all chart - busters while the BGM suits the movie very well . Cinematography by R.D. Rajasekhar is rich . Peter Hein choreographed the stunts well . Anthony 's editing is precise . Above all , Kaakha Kaakha is a perfect cop film filled with right doses of action and romance.<br /><br />Even some Hollywood film ca nt compete with Kaakha Kaakha ... undoubtedly .
1 A well - made run - of - the - mill movie with a tragic ending . Pluses : The way the story moves - begins with Soorya struggling to live followed by a long flashback about why he 's there . The Music . A disinterested look at the life of policemen . Minuses : The violence and the gore , but I guess they add to the realistic effects . Still , having people 's heads chopped off and sent in boxes and sacks could have been avoided.<br /><br />No complaints - 7/10
1 Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore , ' Not Only ... But Also ' saw his ex-'Beyond The Fringe ' collaborator Peter Cook guest on the first show , and so well received was it the controller of B.B.C.-2 insisted that he be on it every week from then on . They were a classic comedy team - Cook was tall , handsome and witty , while Dudley was short , charismatic , and musically gifted . The sketch that brought the house down had them in a pub , wearing flat caps and mufflers , fantasising about movie stars such as Jane Russell and Greta Garbo . It remains one of the most hilarious skits of all time , and even when Cook corpses it still holds together well.<br /><br />Those characters - idiot Pete and even - bigger idiot Dud - found their way into every episode of the show proper , seen in a different setting , such as a zoo or an art gallery . In the latter , they munched sandwiches while discussing works of art . " That Leonardo DaVinci cartoon ... I do n't see the joke ! " , says Dud . Pete points out that when it was first unveiled it probably had people in fits . Dud nearly chokes on his repast . " You really are enjoying those sandwiches ! " , ad libs Cook . The pair bounced their humour off each other in a way that was joyous to behold . The sketches themselves set new standards for comedy , standards that would not be matched until the arrival of ' Monty Python'.<br /><br />As the show 's popularity increased , so did the quality of the guest stars . Peter Sellers for instance , and John Lennon , the latter presenting a filmed item based on his poem ' Deaf Ted , Danoota , & Me ' . ' One Leg Too Few ' - had Dud as ' George Spigott ' ( a name later re - used in the film ' Bedazzled ' ) , a one - legged man , who hops into the office of film producer Cook to audition for the role of ' Tarzan ' . Cook tries to let him down as best as he can . " I 've nothing against your right leg ! " , he says . " The trouble is - neither have you!".<br /><br />Dud would on occasion interview the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb - Greebling ( Cook ) , who when he was not teaching ravens to fly underwater , was planning on opening a restaurant called ' The Frog & The Peach ' . Another classic was ' The Leaping Nuns ' ( also reused in ' Bedazzled ' ) . But my all - time favourite has to be ' Superthunderstingcar ' , a wickedly funny ( and accurate ) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson 's ' Thunderbirds ' . Pete and Dud played all the roles , with the latter making a fetching ' Lady Penelope ' . ' Ludwig ' had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of a ' This Is Tom Jones ' style variety show . ' The Immortal Bargo ' was a spoof documentary on the life of reclusive movie star ' Emma Bargo ' . In an unforgettable moment , she drove through London , bellowing through a loudhailer : " I want to be alone!".<br /><br />A Season 3 feature was ' Poets Cornered ' with the likes of Ronnie Barker , Spike Milligan , Barry Humphries , Willie Rushton and others suspended over a gunge tank . They each had to improvise the line of a poem , and anyone failing to make it rhyme wound up in the nasty stuff.<br /><br />Three seasons were made in all , produced ( at different times ) by Joe McGrath , Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert . Sadly very few editions survive . To make matters worse , the scripts were destroyed as well . It beggars belief that this situation was allowed to happen.<br /><br />The show ended in 1970 . The comics then hit Broadway , made the infamous ' Derek & Clive ' tapes , but Cook 's ever - increasing alcoholism broke them apart . Eight years later , Cook announced that a new series was in the offing , but it turned out to be wishful thinking on his part . His ex - partner was making films in America , and had no intention of working with Cook again ( not at that time anyway ) .<br /><br />Enough footage was scraped together for a season of B.B.C.-2 repeats in the early ' 90 's . As expected , some items had not held up as well as others . Cook died in 1995 , and by way of a tribute the B.B.C put together a programme compiled from various ' Parkinson ' interviews and ' Not Only ... But Also ' shows . It ended rather appropriately with Pete and Dud finding themselves in Heaven . " Bloody Hell ! " , exclaimed the latter . Moore passed on in 2002 .
1 This docu - drama is what you would expect from Richard Attenborough , the man who gave us " Gandhi " : beautifully photographed , compellingly casted , well written in the measured , literate manner that Hollywood discarded in the 30 's , and scrupulously accurate . It stands out as a genre film , excelling in its portrayal of native American ( or , more appropriately for its Canadian setting , " First Nations " ) culture and standing with " Black Robe " as a wonderfully photographed piece of Canoe Country and its culture ( here , circa 1934 ) . This idyllic portrait derives drama from its subject : Archie " Grey Owl " Belaney , a Scot raised in Hastings ( England ) by maiden aunts who became so obsessed with the " red indian " tales of his childhood that he went to Canada , disappeared into the woods , and became a trapper and adopted son of an Ojibway band . He was a vain man with a habit of marrying and abandoning < br /><br />Indian brides , none of whom seem to have thought less of him for it , for he was also an extraordinarily charming and picaresque character . One of his wives ( one smarter than he , by most accounts ) propelled him into fame as a writer and early advocate for protecting the wild country of the North , and this forms the focus of Attenborough 's tale . The chemistry between Brosnan and Annie Galipeau ( as Grey Owl 's wife Pony ) is engaging and , if not firey , is nonetheless quite touching . A good film when you need some time from the madding crowd .
1 Pierce Brosnan will probably be the only thing familiar in Richard Attenborough 's new biopic . The rest is new to international audiences : Canadian history and First Nations Culture.<br /><br />"Grey Owl " is a light examination of how an man came to be adopted into the Ojibway of Northern Ontario , learning and preaching environmentalism decades before it became politically correct to do so . The film contains a love story , a moral message , and a man tortured by his past . That torture , though , is not always brought to life with the dramatic impact that it might.<br /><br />Nevertheless , it is a film which holds its audience without any violence . It pays deep respect to Canada 's First Nations , and presents them in a dignified and non - stereotypical manner . Brosnan 's performance is somewhat stiff , but I suspect that 's just how Lord Attenborough wanted him.<br /><br />Thanks from a proud Canadian .
1 I saw this movie on the Hallmark Channel and thought it was wonderful , especially since it was based on a true man . Pierce Brosnan was very good as the loner English man who took on the persona of the half breed Grey Owl . The photography was beautiful.<br /><br />This movie made me do more research into this character Archie Belaney known simple as Grey Owl . I want to read as much as I can about him . At the time I did not know Richard Attenborough had directed it . But I am not surprised . I like all his movies whether he is acting or directing . I gave it the highest rating . However , I would have liked to have seen more in the movie about WHY he took on this persona as it only showed the two aunts who raised him and his room in their house.<br /><br />You ca n't go wrong with this movie if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story without hearing foul language and contrived special effects every few minutes .
1 Recently I was looking for the newly issued Wide Screen DVD of FLY AWAY HOME and came upon interesting title that I had never heard of : GREY OWL . The fact that it was a Richard Attenborough Film caught my attention ( he responsible for such fine films as GANDHI , CHAPLIN , and SHADOWLANDS ) . I noticed that the screenplay was by William Nicholson ( author of SHADOWLANDS ) . This " Special Edition " was full of interesting sounding material and the price was just under $ 10.00 -- so I chanced it & bought it . WOW ! What a beautiful film . Pierce Brosnan stars as Archie Grey Owl , a real life trapper in the 1930s , who came to love and respect the wild lands of Canada , and worked to help protect them . Brosnan ( who starred in a James Bond film ) gives a shaded , warm , powerful performance as does Annie Galipeau as the young woman who loves and influences his feeling for the creatures of the land -- especially the beaver . A fine score by George Fenton ( THE CRUCIBLE ) and beautiful photograhy by Roger Pratt add greatly to the effectiveness of the film . AND the extras on this DVD are something else ! Includes two shorts made in the 1930s with the real Grey Owl as well as audio commentary tracks by Attenborough and Producer Jake Eberts ; 2 Featurettes ; and many other fine additions PLUS options for those having access to a PC with DVD - ROM features . GREY OWL has been released directly to DVD in the United States -- a fact that Richard Attenborough attributes to Hollywood 's lack of interest in distributing something that is n't loaded with a lot of violence and sex . This is a film that not only informs and entertains but leaves you with something to think about . I had a very warm feeling at the films conclusion -- and a whole new love and understanding for beavers ! GREY OWL is a very fine film -- worth checking out ! This is one I look forward to sharing with others .
1 The movie is more about Pony than Grey Owl . It 's also about aboriginals , Canada , the English , Grey Owl 's aunts and the North Bay Nugget . Excellent story.<br /><br />This is an excellent movie , more like a book , that raises interesting questions about cultural identity and values . The key scene is Grey Owl admitting his imposture to Pony and her reaction.<br /><br />A few observations on the user ratings . Note that the user ratings are bi - polar clustering at 5 and 7 ; it 's not for everyone , but has a strong following . This movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come . Also , few women have watched the movie but they rate it more highly than men . Has it been marketed properly?<br /><br / >
1 This film is a wonderful movie based on the life of a man called Grey Owl in 1930s Canada . I found it to be similarly riveting and heartfelt as ' Rudy ' and ' Awakenings ' . It picks up late in Grey Owl 's life and follows him through his most tumultuous and influential period.<br /><br />The film is about a Canadian Indian trapper who finds himself promoting the plight of the over - trapped Beaver . He also predicts the decrease in natural lands and the overuse of Earth 's resources . This is an outrageous concept in the 1930s and surprisingly well received . He becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen.<br /><br />The casting of Pierce Brosnan seems rather odd , but is not outrageous . Anyone wanting to argue that point must first watch the movie to understand . Brosnan provides a wonderful performance as does Annie Galipeau . Galipeau is a strong actress whose place beside Brosnan is refreshingly natural compared to the forced pairings in recent Bond films.<br /><br />I would recommend this film to anyone interested in good drama , beautiful scenery , or environmental causes . It is a movie for families as well , however children under 10 ( depending on maturity ) would have trouble following the plot .
1 Here , on IMDb.com I read an opinion , that Grey Owl is best character of Pierce Brosnan ever performed . I do not know if he had better nor worse roles , I 'm not his fan , but this one was really exceptional.<br /><br />The other thing - impressive hand of the movie director . I give my respect . The serenity , the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively , I never met such proximity it in any movie before.<br /><br />Another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie , closest to the original books , and atmosphere in it . < br /><br />And little bit more . I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl .
1 I know some people think the movie is boring but I disagree . It is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person . I liked the characters in the film and think that leaving parts of Archie 's life a mystery captured his humanity . I do n't think the purpose of a good biography should be the detailing of someone 's life but rather the complexities and relationships that make them interesting . And what is more fascinating than someone so successfully reinventing themselves ? " Men become what they dream - you have dreamed well . " Good job to Lord Attenborough . I also wanted to mention that Nathaniel Arcand really stood out to me as a charismatic actor and I hope to see him in more films .
1 All in all a good film and better for the fact that had the film not been made the story might remain hidden to the masses . Brosnan does a good job as the native American with a hidden past and the photography is stunning . To some , this may be too whimsical , to others boring - for me it is a gentle , well - told tale and perfect for family viewing . Now that 's not something you get a lot of recently .
1 This film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not . Take some time . Relax , enjoy . Think . People who see this movie as slow or plodding or dull really need to take a week off and watch it several times until their short attention span mind comes to grips with the possibility of being involved with a cause or even beautiful story in a beautiful place for no other reason than because it is n't hurrying to make the points you so emphatically need it to make in the short time alloted . At first I was apprehensive of Brosnan playing a native American . Given the story line though , I think it was apt casting . Now , back to my hermiting . -Jahfre
1 This is an interesting true story of Archie Grey Owl , Who dreamed of being an Indiain when he was a child until the age of 17 he was born in England then moved to Canada where he was adotped by Indiains and he writes collums in magazines and he wrote a book that caugt the attention of millions the book was of his life . But at the end he told his wife that he was not a real Indiain and she was fine with it and he died at the age of 43 two years after he went back into the wildness .
1 If you know the story of Grey Owl , you 'll love the movie ! Annie Galipeau is a great actress , and Pierce is better than never in Grey Owl . But in this movie there 's no real scene of action . I think this movie should be nominated at the Oscars ! Welll go see this movie , it 's A CLASSIC !
1 well worth watching , especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity , you are expecting a big fall down story line as Grey Owl is unmasked as a fraud , but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.<br /><br />This has to be Brosnan 's best performance to date , he convinces admirably as the English boy playing Indians . The stand out scene is the return to his ? Aunts ? where Brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue , just with expressions and good direction . Perfect.<br /><br />The story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition , maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper . I hope so.<br /><br />Well done Dickie Attenborough and cast .
1 The movie is wonderful . It shows the man 's work for the wilderness and a natural understanding of the harmony of nature , without being an " extreme " naturalist . I definitely plan to look for the book . This is a rare treasure!<br /><br / >
1 We viewed the vcr and found it to be fascinating . Not knowing anything about this true story , I thought : " Oh , no , P.Brosnan as an American Indian ( ' red ' Indian in the film ) , what a bad choice " until I discovered the truth about Grey Owl . The film does a good job of demonstrating the dignity of these native peoples and undermining the racist myths about them . And Annie Galipeau , WOW , what a beauty , and very convincing as an Indian woman ( I believe she is French - Canadian ; she sure reverts to the all - too familiar speech of such ) . In spite , of Brosnan 's detached , grunting style , in the end he comes through convincingly as a passionate , dedicated man . The plot is a little weak in demostrating his conversion from trapper to animal coservationist . Good film , highly recommended .
1 There should be more movies about our Native Americans . I especially think that using actual real Native Americans , would be the the right thing . I know that this Archie Belaney , who was played by Pierce Brosnan he did an excellent job in portraying that character , since he was an Englishman . But my suggestion to Hollywood , is to put more American Indians into the roles , and never use anyone else . The Sioux Nation has been put on the back burner far too long . Their poverty is a disgrace to our country . It is my firm belief that our country should return the Black Hills to the Sioux . We ask Israel to return their lands to the Arabs , but we do not make any effort to do the same , we should be ashamed of ourselves . We must practice what we preach !
1 amazing movie I saw this movie for the first time on a flight and could not believe that I had not even heard of it before getting on that plane . while it may seem , at first to be a " chick flick " , it is a film that everyone should see and will enjoy . Men , watch this movie with someone you love . You will enjoy it as much as she does and it will score you big points .
1 Radio was not a 24 hour 7days a week happening when I grew up in the 1930s England , so Children 's Hour was a treat for me when we had batteries and an accumulator to spare for the power . The few programmes I heard therefore made a great impression on my young mind , and the 3 that I recall still are " Toytown " , one about all the animals at the Zoo , and --- Grey Owl , talking about the animals he knew , which he called his " brothers " . It was only in recently that I learnt that Grey Owl was n't a genuine " Indian " , but the tribute paid by the Sioux Chief makes great sense to me " A man becomes what he dreams " . Would that we could all dream as world changing and beneficial as Archie Grey Owl Belaney . Would that a new Grey Owl could influence world leaders to clean up the environment .
1 I did n't expect much when I first saw the DVD cover . I mean , Pierce Brosnan as Grey Owl??<br /><br />Ah ... but then the story got underway , unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film . I was surprised and delighted at this ( basically ) true story . Made me want to read more about this fascinating character , which means , the director fulfilled his purpose , and the film was a success !
1 Richard Attenborough who already given us magnific films as " A Chorus Line " and " Gandhi " , once more surprise us making a beautiful hymn to the Nature . Indeed , the vast and ( in that time ) unexplored territory of Canada helps to compose the stunning beauty of the landscapes picked up by the motion picture camera . If the movie is really based on a true story , once more becomes evidente that " men of vision " are , in truth , men that lives beyond their time , with a historical perspective that only the Time will give them reason . The cinematography is magnificient , such as the cast lead by Pierce Brosnan , whose performance is due to Attenborough 's master hands . A pleasing surprise is the appearance of Annie Galipeau in the role of Archie 's beloved . Movie that must appears in a list of those who really loves the Nature ...
1 Okay , I 'll admit the casting in the film is REALLY strange -- part of this is due to the plot , but I still had a bit of trouble believing Pierce Brosnan playing this lead ( though he really did a pretty good job).<br /><br />It 's based on a true story of an Englishman who went to live with the Canadian Indians in the early 20th century . He claimed to be a mixed blood Indian . He was , in fact , so successful and well thought of that people came from all over to hear his lectures and be taken on his wilderness treks -- even though he was not a mixed blood Indian and all his knowledge was from books or faked ! The movie centers on this and what occurred when the hoax was uncovered.<br /><br />The acting and settings were great and I really liked the film ( once I suspended disbelief about Brosnan ) . It did n't get widespread distribution -- probably because it was pretty cerebral -- not a Bond film nor a romance -- just a really odd film about a remarkable man .
1 This is an excellent movie . As a Canadian who grew up with a rural lifestyle much of it is familiar , the winter , canoeing , trapping , hunting and the like . It is easy to take the familiar for granted but after watching this film a few times it has grown on me .<br /><br />The story of Grey Owl is well known to many Canadians credit to director Attenborough and screenplay writer Nicholson for expanding the story.<br /><br />Brosnan does well portraying a complex man , a very fine performance . Annie Galipeau is lovely in her first large role . The rest of the cast is solid .
1 A number of Richard Attenborough 's films as director have been biographies of major historical figures- " Young Winston " , " Gandhi " , " Chaplin " . " Grey Owl " is also a filmed biography of a historical individual , but in this case Attenborough 's subject is a much more obscure character.<br /><br />Grey Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted the ideas of environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today . He was widely believed to be an American Indian ; the story he told about himself was that he had been born in Mexico to a Scottish father and Apache mother and had emigrated to Canada where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe . He lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness , where he earned a living as a trapper . He toured Britain twice , in 1935 and 1937 , to promote his books and to give lectures on conservationism , and achieved great success , even being introduced to the Royal Family . ( During one of these tours Attenborough , then a teenager , saw Grey Owl at the London Palladium theatre ) . After his death in 1938 , however , it was revealed that he had not been who he claimed to be ; his real name was Archibald Belaney , and he had been born in the English seaside town of Hastings.<br /><br />The film departs somewhat from the facts of Grey Owl 's life . In a scene set in 1934 he states that he is 41 years old ; in reality , he was born in 1888 so would have been 46 in that year . ( 46 would have been Pierce Brosnan 's age when the film was made , so I am not sure why this change was made ) . Numerous events are compressed into the last four years of Grey Owl 's life ( 1934 - 1938 ) . In the film it is during this period that he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard whom he called Anahareo ; in reality , he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925 . The film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that Grey Owl remarried shortly before his death.<br /><br />The revelation of Grey Owl 's true identity adversely affected his posthumous reputation , and he was dismissed as a " fraud " . His supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes which he had championed . Richard Attenborough , however , takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements . One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity . Although the erstwhile Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian by birth , there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of Ojibway culture and lore and that he spoke their language fluently . He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of their tribe . It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a Native North American identity as being a fraudulent one , merely because it was an identity he had chosen rather than one he had been born into.<br /><br />According to the film , Grey Owl 's wife Gertrude was herself of Indian descent , but came from a family which had been assimilated into white Canadian culture . Her marriage can therefore be seen as her reclamation of her family 's original cultural heritage . She was clearly influenced by her husband , but she also had an influence on him , persuading him to give up his work as a fur trapper as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur.<br /><br />One criticism made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is " miscast " as the hero , a criticism which seems to be rooted in the preconception that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond mould . It seems to me , however , that Brosnan may deliberately have taken this role in order to avoid being typecast , the taciturn backwoodsman Grey Owl being about as far from the suave , sophisticated agent Bond as one can get . The original Bond , Sean Connery , also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like " The Hill " or " The Molly Maguires " . Brosnan is in fact very good in this role , although I would agree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude.<br /><br />Another frequently - voiced criticism with which I would not agree is that the film is " boring " . Certainly , it is not an action film like the Bonds , nor is it a great epic biopic like " Gandhi " , and it may indeed seem boring to those who were expecting it to be either the one or the other . It is however , likely to please anyone with an interest in the early days of the conservationist movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity . The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed . Richard Attenborough has done us a service by helping to revive interest in this half - forgotten but fascinating figure . 7/10
1 We really enjoyed Grey Owl : a simple tale well told in classic Attenborough fashion : a little over - romanticized , with archetypes , humor , and a stress of dignity and values.<br /><br />Beautifully shot and told at a nice pace this is the true story of Archie , an Englishman who turned native Indian , and went to live and trap in Canada.<br /><br />Solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.<br /><br />Two of the stars of the film are without a doubt the cutest we have ever seen - and the message is a good one with its ecoleanings . It must have been great to meet or read Grey Owl in the 1930s , a unique character and this is a fitting film tribute .
1 I had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it . When a widowed father of two interrupts his two sons ' sleep with a shocking revelation , they are torn between believing him and not . As the horrifying events of this tale unfold , we learn a lot about the father , about his two sons , and about their destinies . With shocking twist after shocking twist , this film never allows for a lull in the plot . Bill Paxton plays the father , but the most notable performances are that of his older son , Fenton , played by Matthew O'Leary and his younger son , Adam , played by Jeremy Sumpter . This is one of the best thrillers that I have seen in a while , and you will want to watch this a few times to appreciate every intricate aspect of the plot . I give this film a 9/10 .
1 This is a very dark and intriguing horror type thriller based on the idea of religious murders . The storyline centres on a deranged man who lives in Texas , US who suddenly goes on a killing spree with his two young sons after being instructed by God to redeem the world of bad people.<br /><br />Bill Paxton who directs this movie plays the deranged Father who is known as the Hand of God Killer while Matthew McConaughey plays his finest performances to date as the oldest son , Fenton Meiks . The film revolves around Fenton who decides he can no longer hold the burden of his murderous childhood alone and uses flashbacks to hauntingly tell the story to FBI Agent Wesley Doyle ( played by Powers Boothe).<br /><br />I can not think of many movies that literally keep the viewer chained to their seat from start to finish and this is definitely one of them . Even if you want to stop watching , you wo nt be able to because of the sheer power of this movie.<br /><br />The directors have filmed this movie very well , and they help to set the plot through the good scenery . The acting in this movie is great but if there is any drawback it is that some parts are very powerful and may disturb some people.<br /><br />Whilst the concept of this film is very dark , the young children help to portray the idea through brilliant acting . This really is a spine tingly movie and it is guaranteed to have you at the edge of your seat throughout . I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys horror , disturbing and powerful movies or anyone who just wants to see something different.<br /><br />8/10
1 Actor Paxton made his directorial debut with this chilling , dark , and competently made thriller about a widowed mechanic ( Paxton himself ) who ropes his two sons into participating in savage ax murders , claiming that the victims are not human beings at all but " demons " , and that they have been selected by God to destroy these " demons " . This is all told in flashback by one of the sons , now grown up ( Matthew McConaughey ) to skeptical FBI agent ( Powers Boothe).<br /><br />Hard to automatically forget this film ; better than most serial killer features , it 's a twisty and unsettling tale told in straightforward fashion with a bare minimum of cinema gimmicks . Paxton , commendably , barely shows any blood at all until near the end . Well acted by all , especially the two child actors ( Jeremy Sumpter of the recent " Peter Pan " and Matt O'Leary of " Spy Kids 2 " and " Domestic Disturbance " ) . The only reason I deducted any points at all is because I can understand that some people may find all of this hard to stomach . In any event , it 's an atypical thriller with a decent script.<br /><br />8/10
1 There is such rubbish on the cable movie channels that I hit a gem with this one . From beginning to end it had me gripped and deserves top marks.<br /><br />Father of two sons hears messages from " God " to kill people who he is told are ' demons'.<br /><br />When the opening credits showed the director as one of the cast that can often be a warning of a bad film ; exceptionally it is the reverse here as the drama is non - stop from beginning to end.<br /><br />And there is not one moment in the movie when one is not fully enthralled as there are no unnecessary or needless sub - plots , and the script is first class . < br /><br />All the actors give wholly convincing performances especially the lead child actor who is exceptional . < br /><br />This film is at least as good as the likes of ' Silence of the Lambs ' .
1 The film is very complete in what it is , keeping one continuously interested with the flashbacks to childhood and growing up with such a bizarre father , and interspersing it with the tails of serial murder , one simply can not go wrong . The very plot in itself , the very story and essence of the film , is entertaining . It is the sort of story that the director ( Bill Paxton ) could do so much with , and in this case , he really did do a lot with it.<br /><br />From beginning to end you are kept anticipating more and more about what is happening and where the film is going , and the creativity that is behind this story is first class . I felt as if this film was exquisitely done from start to finish , and one of those rare gems that seemed to be without any boring lulls -- the action flowing neatly , quickly , and tightly from one scene to the next . < br /><br />It demonstrates just how far people can go : so as to do such horrible things to their loved ones , and to do such acts of evil , in the name of ' God ' when they are disillusioned as in this case . It also is sometimes interesting in its ' twists & takes on the concept of morality as a whole.<br /><br />Overall , this is the sort of film that one easily overlooks , but I would recommend you to not do likewise and to check this film out -- it is very much so worth your time .
1 Bill Paxton stars in and directs this highly original film . Having watched the first time I was by how good it was . The reviews I had heard were OK . As a result I was expecting an average thriller at most .However because of Paxtons excellent directing and acting the film is well worth watching , especially if you are a horror film fanatic . The film is also helped by the plot twists which keep coming until the closing credits . The films strongest point is the storyline which I have to say is highly original and is like I have ever seen before . Well done also to the 2 young leads which perfectly convey the emotions if these confused boys . I give this film 9/10 and I highly recommend that everyone catches it .
1 A very promising directorial debut for Bill Paxton . A very dark thriller / who - really - done - it recommended by Stephen King . This is a strong , well - conceived horror tale about a devout , but demented man in Thurman , Texas that goes on a murdering spree after getting orders from God to eliminate demons trying to control mankind . A couple of plot twists and an eerie finale makes for your moneys worth . Most of the violence you do n't really see , but still enough to double up your stomach.<br /><br />Director Paxton plays the twisted man to be known as the Hand of God Killer . Matthew McConaughey is equally impressive as the demented man 's eldest son that ends up telling this story to a Dallas FBI Agent(Powers Boothe ) . Boothe , as always , is solid and flawless . Suspenseful white knuckler ! Highly recommended .
1 The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect . It 's a very good thriller . Well shot . Tough to believe it was Bill Paxton 's directorial debut , though some shots do look EXACTLY like a storyboard version . < br /><br />Still , there are a few shots that really look good and show some real imagination on the part of Paxton . < br /><br />It 's a solid story with some great twists at the end , several of them , all believable , all fun , and best of all , obscured well enough to make them true twists . < br /><br />The child actors in the movie do a great , too . I 'm usually wary of movies with kids in starring roles because all too often they come off as Nickelodeon rejects , but both these kids do a good job.<br /><br />This movie is not gory . It 's not very scary . But it IS very , very creepy .
1 Matthew McConaughey is a mysterious man waiting for Agent Wesley Doyle ( Powers Boothe ) in his FBI office . He claims to have information about a serial killer chased by FBI . When Agent Doyle arrives in the office , he tells him that the serial killer is indeed his dead brother . Agent Doyle requests some evidence , and the man tells the story of his life , since his childhood . They were a simple family of three : his widow father Meiks ( Bill Paxton ) , his brother and himself . One night , his father gathers the two brothers and tells them that an angel of God had just visited him and assigned his family to destroy demons . What happens next is one of the most scary movie I have ever seen . < br /><br />I watched this movie four months ago on VHS , and yesterday I watched again , now on DVD . Although being a low - budget movie , the screenplay is sharp , with no flaw . The cast is outstanding , but I would like to highlight the performance of Matt O'Leary as the young Felton . It is a very difficult and complex role to be performed by a young teenager . The direction of Bill Paxton is remarkable . There is no explicit violence in this horror movie . A great debut behind the camera . I regret the Brazilian title of this movie : ' A Mão do Diabo ' ( The Devil 's Hand ' ) . If at least it were ' The God 's Hand ' , it might be acceptable . But calling this movie as ' the devil 's hand ' is indeed ridiculous . Brent Hanley , the screenwriter , did not deserve such a lack of respect from the Brazilian distributor . This film is highly recommended . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " A Mão do Diabo " ( " The Devil 's Hand " )
1 I first saw the trailer for Frailty on Yahoo Movies way back in the day , after hearing Stephen King praise it to high heaven . Not really a fan of either star , I still wanted to see it because I 'm a huge thriller fan.<br /><br />I was not disappointed . The acting was superb , especially from the two young boys . Usually I loathe child actors , but Young Adam and Young Fenton were excellent . Bill Paxton really did a good job of directing it too . It was beautifully shot.<br /><br />One must also note the plot twists . The three twists at the end hit hard and fast , and I did n't see them coming . The final twist of the film , coupled with the gravity of what had just been revealed , gives me chills to this day , even though I 've re - watched the film so many times.<br /><br />A true gem .
1 Stunning . Absolutely stunning . This is a movie about two kids who 's father suddenly has a vision . He claims an angel visits him , and tells him that they need to kill " demons " . He gets instructions later , and they start rounding up the demons , which are , to the naked eye , ordinary people . They kill these so - called demons with an ax to the head , and chop them up , burying them in the rose - garden . Their father claims he can see their sins when he touches them . The movie continues , with a twist at the end.<br /><br />The thing that I love about this movie , is that it perfectly captures the frailty of human perception . Is their father completely mad ? Or , is he telling the truth ? The audience is left to decide . Go make the judgment for yourself , and see the movie . Now .
1 What a real treat and quite unexpected . This is what a real thriller movie is all about . I rushed into the video shop , grabbed a movie without reading the entire blurb on the back and hoped for the best . I was totally surprised and delighted . I really enjoyed the actors and their characters . I thought they all gave a great performance and made their characters realistic . The plot was well thought out , well written and directed . It kept you interested from start to finish and never got boring for a single minute.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie for those that like thrillers , especially thrillers that are well paced and ones that keep your attention . Definitely a 10 out of 10 from me .
1 This could be the most underrated movie of its genre . I do n't remember seeing any advertisements or commercials for this one which could be the reason why it did n't do so well at the box office . However , Frailty is an excellent and a truly original horror movie . I rank it within the top 10 most favorite horror movies on my list.<br /><br />Movie begins with snapshots of photos and news articles telling us about a killer who calls himself " God 's hand " . And then a man walks into a police station and tells the chief officer that he knows the killer is his brother . Two of them leave together to go to a location where victims are buried which might help solve the case . During that trip , the man begins telling the story of his brother and we go back in time when the events began . Fenton and Adam are two young brothers living with their strict and religious father who , one day , claims that he has received a divine message from God asking him to kill the demons that appear to be regular human beings . He receives from God a list of names of demons to be destroyed and asks his sons to help him carry out this divine mission.<br /><br />This is an absolutely horrifying and suspenseful film that will keep you at the edge of your seat . The tension runs high , innocent people ( or demons ? ) get killed and religious experiences are questioned . It has not one but few very intelligent twists at the end . If you like this genre , I highly recommend Frailty for you . I own the DVD and it is one of my all time favorite horror - thrillers .
1 Bill Paxton , of Aliens , Near Dark , and Terminator fame , surprises me with his debut as director for Frailty . He hits on all cylinders , but there is one implausibility near the end that involves the FBI agent ( Powers Booth ) which deducts a point from this otherwise chilling and thought provoking thriller . Other than that , this movie was just fine.<br /><br />Bill Paxton plays Dad . He 's never given a first name , but that is not a weakness of the film . It in fact strengthens the film , allowing the viewer to see him as a sort of symbol of some kind . He has a vision one day which he says was sent from god telling him that the world is coming to an end and both he and his two sons Fenton Meiks(Matt OLeary ) and Adam Meiks ( Jeremy Sumpter ) must fine the demons and kill them . The demons look like normal people which they kill , and this makes the viewer wonder if Dad has just lost his mind , or is he really doing god 's work . There are scenes that reflect both points which adds to the confusion and gives the film more suspense.<br /><br />The story is told in flashback by one of the sons who is now grown up ( Matthew McConaughey ) and is speaking with FBI agent Wesley Doyle ( Powers Booth ) who is very skeptical and rightfully so . After all it 's not everyday that someone comes in to your office to tell you that he knows who the killer is.<br /><br />The film has many twists , and Bill Paxton directs splendidly by keeping us guessing without losing interest . The acting is incredible . The two young leads and Paxton work great together , looking like a normal family even though they are all involved in murder . Like I said there is the one implausibility involving Powers Booth 's character , but it really is n't a big thing . This was an extremely well made film involving faith and family .
1 McConaughey in a horror / thriller ? I had to see this . I was pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />The plot is told in flashback mode , and it concerns an otherwise normal and happy family of three going through a very bizarre predicament . I ca n't say much more without spoiling the whole movie , sorry . Just know that if you decide to watch it , you 'll be , in the very least , surprised.<br /><br />All the main players are very good . Bill Paxton did a great job directing those kids , and his acting is awesome . McConaughey 's acting is solid throughout and fits the bill perfectly.<br /><br />This movie challenges you to think . Is Dad crazy ? Is there a God ? Do Demons exist ? How far would you go to right a wrong . And what is " right " anyway ? I 'm still thinking.<br /><br />And thus I recommend " Frailty " . 7/10 and this is one of those movies that deserves and rewards a second , or even third viewing .
1 Frailty is a non - gory horror film that achieves its chills by following the logic and impact of a man 's delusion / obsession straight into depravity . Dad ( we never learn his name ) is a gentle man and loving father who 's raising his sons alone after Mom died giving birth to the youngest son , Adam . The family 's world flips upside down late one night when Dad rushes into the boys ' room and tells them God has given him a vision . And what a vision – the entire family 's job is to destroy demons , who , of course , are disguised in human form.<br /><br />Proceeding from this premise , the movie is unflinching in following it . Dad kidnaps people / demons whom God has told him to destroy , binds them , lays his hand on them to see a vision of their evil , then kills them – while making his young sons watch . Fenton , the older boy , is horrified , seeing only a father who 's turned into a crazed murderer . Adam , the younger , is uncomfortable , but trusts that Dad is following God 's will . Eventually , Dad takes his sons on missions to abduct the " demons " that God has put on Dad 's list , and finally , invites them to fully participate in God 's mission for the family.<br /><br />This is not , you understand , an abusive father . He loves his children . He is only following God 's instructions : " This is our job now , son . We 've got to do this . " When Fenton , terrified and convinced his father has gone mad , says he 'll report him to the police , his father explains , " If you do that , son , I 'll die . The angel was clear on this . " The pressure that the children are under is unbearable and tragic , and warps their entire lives.(1 ) The movie 's structure is similar to the one used in The Usual Suspects : a story in flashback , told in a police station to a FBI agent . The moody lighting , the stormy weather , and the eerie calm in the present day add to the menace of the backstory . I wanted to believe the unfolding horror was just a story , until I remembered the real - life parallel of Andrea Yates , who believed she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them . Even then , I wanted to believe that I was watching a human tragedy , rather than a story of divine retribution.<br /><br />The movie gave me no such comfort , though , as it gave strong clues at the end about the veracity of Dad 's vision . And this , as much as some plot holes , posed a problem for me . Regardless of the accuracy of Dad 's visions , regardless of the evil that his victims may have committed , where does anyone derive the authority to act as an angel of death ? ( 1 ) Roger Ebert review , 4/12/02
1 This is one of those movies that , after watching it , you will keep thinking about and coming back to even months after viewing . The acting is spectacular for starring two children ( I usually hate movies with whiny kid acting ) . Bill Paxton is awesome , his directorial debut is even better than what I expected of an actor whose most memorable line is " Game over , man ! Game over ! " ( from the movie " Aliens").<br /><br />The best part about the movie is the dichotomy between those scenes where the actors play a family , and when they are doing their " work . " It really makes the movie believable and memorable.<br /><br />Keep it up , Bill . I 'll be waiting for more movies I"m sure to love !
1 The movie " Frailty " is actually more of a psychological thriller than it is a horror film . It has all the trappings of a horror film but this it is not . " Frailty " is a film about perceptions of religion and realizing the differences between right and wrong.<br /><br />In " Frailty " , a middle - aged father ( Bill Paxton ) and his two sons claim to be doing the work of God . It turns out that they are a trio of notorious serial killers called " God 's Hands " . We watch the father kill the " demons " in some rather brutal ways while convincing his sons and himself that they are doing the work God and that what they are doing is right . He claims that he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to eliminate the demons living here on earth . God has given him a list of names and in return for his " services " ; he and his sons will be given protection , which basically means the police will never be able to capture them . We see all of this unfold in front of us in a very disturbing manner . But what is really disturbing about it all is the effect that it has on the two sons , particularly the oldest son , Adam . Adam himself seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being , that is until his father and a week in the cellar changes all of that . He knows that his father has obviously lost his mind and is pretty sure the same is happening to his younger brother , Fenton . Fenton , the other half of this puzzle , takes everything in as if it were his own religion . He seems trapped in his father 's world of God and demons . I suppose this is because he 's so young and easily impressionable . But everything that happens to these three is rather convincing , in fact , TOO convincing . < br /><br />The events that occur in the film can be looked upon as a vivid hallucination that is being experienced by the three main characters . I say this because they each react to the situation in different ways and at one point in the film they each claim to see God . Dad first sees the murders as his mission . His " mission " eventually consumes him and quickly turns into an obsession with eradicating demons . In fact , his hallucination is the primary one . His " orders " and the list of names he receives are all a part of this hallucination . Watch the scene where Dad finds the ax in a barn to figure out where I am coming from . Fenton , the younger son , is easily impressed by all of this talk of demons and destruction . Since he is so young , it 's easy for him to fall into his father 's trap . Adam , on the other is very skeptical towards his father 's actions . < br /><br />***SPOILERS * * * < br /><br />In a way , the hallucination ends when Dad is killed towards the end of the movie . ( I will not say how or under what circumstances ) . But I will say that it is not pleasant . After his death , it fast - forwards to the present day . ( The story is being told through flashbacks , as seen through the eyes of the oldest son Adam ) . In actuality , it is Fenton that is telling the story , not Adam as originally believed . The story is being told the way he perceived it , through his actions and his brother 's actions . Fenton has gone insane and is continuing what his father started by luring the FBI agent into his trap.<br /><br />Since religion is a major theme in this movie , the film also plays on how easy it is for religion to be misinterpreted by those that do not have a full understanding of it . Before Dad discovered his newfound mission , he himself did not have a clear understanding of religion nor did he fully believe in a supreme being . His sons Fenton and Adam often sang innocent little children 's church hymns but yet probably did not have a clear understanding of what the lyrics meant . After the revelation of Dad 's newfound mission , they both took off in separate directions - Adam remained in doubt of there being a supreme being while Fenton was gradually sucked into his father 's madness . < br /><br />A very good thriller that will creep the heck out of you , do not watch it alone .
1 This movie is beautifully designed ! There are no flaws . Not in the design of the set , the lighting , the sounds , the plot . The script is an invitation to a complex game where the participants are on a simple mission.<br /><br />Paxton is at his best in this role . His mannerisms , the infections used in the tones of his voice are without miscue . Each shot meticulously done ! Surprises turn up one after another when the movie reaches past its first hour . This may not be the best picture of the year , but it 's a gem that has been very well polished . It 's not for the simple mind .
1 Something surprised me about this movie - it was actually original . It was not the same old recycled crap that comes out of Hollywood every month.<br /><br />I saw this movie on video because I did not even know about it before I saw it at my local video store . If you see this movie available - rent it - you will not regret it . The suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent.<br /><br / >
1 I went into this movie perhaps a bit jaded by the hack - and - slash films rampant on the screen these days . Boy , was I surprised . This little treasure was pleasantly paced with a somber , dark atmosphere . More surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown . As with most good movies , this one leaves something to the imagination , and Bill Paxton did a superb job at directing . Scenes shot inside the car as are well done and , after watching the " Anatomy of a Scene " episode at the end of the video tape , It was good to see that some of the subtle , yet wonderful things I had noticed were intentional and not just an " Oh , that looks good , keep it " type of direction . This is a moody movie , filled with grimness . Still , for the dark subject , a considerable portion of it is filmed in daylight , even some of the more disturbing scenes . The acting is exceptional ( Okay , I 've always been a fan of Powers Booth ) , and never goes over the top . Au Contraire , it is very subdued which works extremely well for this type of film . If there is any one area where this film lacks , it is in the ending , which seems just a bit too contrived , but still works on a simpler level without destroying the mood or the message of the movie . What is the message ? It 's something that each individual decides for themself . Overall , on the 1 - 10 scale , this movie scores an 8 for those who like the southern gothic genre ( ie : " Body Heat " or " Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil " ) , and about a 5 for those who do n't .
1 It 's really annoying when good movies like this one go unnoticed . But I 'm glad I did not miss it.<br /><br />They should re - release it with a lot more publicity . I do not think they did anything to promote it . Great work Paxton.<br /><br / >
1 I gave this movie a 10 because it needed to be rewarded for its scary elements and actors AND my god the enging ! The thing is I do n't want to tell anyone anything about the acting or story because it will ruin the movie . But I will recommend that you go straight to your nearest moviestore right now and rent it ! ( Do n't forget popcorn ! )
1 This is a great movie that everyone should see . It plays like a Dean Koontz book.<br /><br />Bill Paxton 's performance was great in that it really seems like he believes in what he is saying and doing.<br /><br />I do n't know why viewers have to read in some kind of advocacy for religious murder in to the film . It is fiction . The ending is surprising , but fictional . So what ? I think that is what makes this movie so good . SPOILER DO NOT READ FURTHER IF YOU HAVENT SEEN THE MOVIE . Throughout the movie , the viewer is continually shocked at the sickness of Paxton 's character , the impact on the children , and the way the children handle this outrageous conduct . And then at the end , it turns out to be true . God has put him on a mission to rid the world of demons . Paxton is not clairvoyant as other viewers suggest . Sure , he is given info that he could n't have known otherwise , but the movie goes further to show how God is " protecting " Adam through the convenient video quality problem and the complete lack of memory of the second FBI agent . The film is n't advocating Christian murder , it is merely taking the viewer on a very unexpected ride .
1 Man , some of you people have got to chill . This movie was artistic genius . Instead of searching for reasoning or messages to justify it in your reality , why ca n't you understand that it is a work of fiction ? A story . Entertainment , for God 's sake ( no pun intended ) . It seems to me that too many of the people on here are trying to be movie critics -- and they 're not doing to well . I 'm so impressed by the movie and Bill Paxton 's job at directing , that I 'm going to contact him personally to tell him . Ya know , if you were n't trying to analyze the heck out of the possibility of the story line , you might just enjoy the film . Me and all of my friends did !
1 I could n't help but feel that this could have been a bigger movie than it was . The screenplay is highly intelligent and it just seemed that it could have been opened up in a way more reminiscent of Seven . Not by changing the story - I think mainly through the cinematography . The cinematography was the only thing that I found to be holding back the film . On the other hand , the pacing was absolutely on point . Whoever worked on the editing really did their job well . And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of directing . Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /><br />This movie threw me for a loop . SPOILER AHEAD ! ! ! ! All along , I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was , I got thrown for a loop . I had suspected the first part of the twist but what really threw me was when he touches the agent and sees the agent murder his mother and the fact that the agent too ( without any words spoken , simply by touch ) sees it again with Adam and asks him how he knew . My dilemma was not that it was yet another twist thrown in but the almost ungraspable idea that this man and his father were not crazy but actually picked out ' bad guys ' so to speak , knowing their sins and crimes already . I do n't endorse an eye for an eye so I did n't leave the film being able to believe that they were doing God 's work . Instead I chose to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that the father had gone off the deep end one day from it and through the things that he subjected his sons to , disturbed them permanently also . That was my interpretation but the vexing thing about the film was it 's like a house of cards and a never - ending circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you 've sat through . It 's definitely one of those movies where I 'd love to be able to meet the writer so I could just ask him what the real meaning was to it all . Were they crazy and psychotic ? Were they simply telepathic and took license because of it ? Or did they have some sort of appearance from God ? And if so , was it God or the Devil disguising himself as God . My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what was what and what the filmmakers had thought was the answer when they made this movie.<br /><br />A definitely perplexing and thought invoking film with some very disturbing but certainly not sensationalistic elements to it . It 's not a perfect film , but it definitely is it 's own thing . Great directorial work and acting by Bill Paxton and the child that played Fenton was extremely good . I hope he does n't end up relegated to the child actor syndrome as he seems to have a lot of promise . I gave this movie a good vote for the majority of the components that make a film , but I would have voted higher if was n't for the feeling that something ( although I ca n't pinpoint what ) was off and if it had n't have been , the movie would have gone to an even higher level . Still , a definite recommend , especially for those that are inquisitive .
1 My husband and I just got done watching this movie . I was not expecting it to be this good ! I was really astonished at how great the story line was . I 'm usually very good at figuring out twisty plots ... but this one had me . I loved it ! I 'm going to have to watch it again before I take it back . I might even have to buy it . :)
1 Frailty--8/10 - -It 's non - sensical title and " Bill Paxton Directs " headline aside , this is a pretty good old fashioned rip snorting biblical horror thriller . In the end , it may end up only being the inbred Southern Gothic cousin of Kubrick 's " The Shining "--- but hey , that 's a pretty damn entertaining notion . It 's also got a doozy of a plot twist ... and a very ambiguous moral message . This is the kind of movie that years from now people will catch late at night on basic cable and scare the beejesus out of themselves watching it . Too bad director Bill Paxton had to go hire himself to star ... oh well .... still a devil of a good rent .
1 I rented this movie and watched it 20 times before I took it back to the store . Bill Paxton hired some first rate talent to make a good thriller with some interesting twists . The story is original and well written . Powers Booth and Paxton both deliver good performances . The story is told in an interesting manner with both flashbacks 20 years back , then spots in the present , alternating back and forth . This style of storytelling makes for a good thriller that ca n't get dull . Bill Paxton , please make more horror movies , you have the talent for it !
1 This is what a movie should be when trying to capture the essence of that which is very surreal . It has this hazy overtone that is rarely captured on film , it feels like a dream sequence and really moves you into a dark haunting memory . The Kids were extremely believable and I do expect some things to come of them in the future . Very natural acting for such young ones , I do n't know if Bill pulled it out of them or there just that good , but no the less excellent . Bill scored as far as I 'm concerned and for the comment by KevNJeff about Mr. Paxtons bad acting , what can one do in that role . He played the part rather well in my opinion . This is coming from someone who said Hamlet was good ( The Ethan Hawke Version ? ) Wow ......... Do not listen to his Comments . Great flick to make you feel really uncomfortable , if that 's what you want ? Cinematography gets an above the average rating also .
1 Hi < br /><br />my name is Jessica , i 'm Italian!<br /><br />Some time ago I have seen this film : ' For the very first time ' , with Corin Corky Nemec . It was the story of Micheal and Mary Margaret . I need to know the title of the song of the most important love scene in Micheal 's bedroom.<br /><br />In Italy this film has n't been programmed for many years and I do n't know how to find the song . A lot of thanks for who can help me ! I love this film ! Is Very romantic ! The soundtrack is beautiful ! I love Cheryl Pollack ! Jessica
1 if you are like me then you will love this great coming of age teen movie.i think it is up there with mischief / book of love / high school USA / shout / calender girl / crybaby/ all great movies set in the lat 50s & early 60s and it has a wonderful soundtrack.not as many songs as in some of these type of movies but still great.it is all so very funny at times and has a great love interest.all the young cast are great.i wish there were more type of these wonderful movies.my favourite movie of all time is back to the future when Marty mcfly gos back to 1955 well in these wonderful movies it stays in the fab 50s(early 60s ) there are some movies of this type better than this but not many .
1 I was 15 years old when this movie premiered on the television . Being raised in Texas , I understood the boredom & monotony of teenage life there . This movie touched my impressionable teenage heart & I remembered it fondly through the past 12 years . I recently got to see it for the 2nd , 3rd & 4th times thanks the the LOVE channel . I still cry because the movie reaches in & touches my inner confused teenager .
1 This movie is one of my very favorites . It 's hard to explain why . Maybe it 's the innocence of Corin Nemec and his awkwardness paired with the boldness of Cheryl Pollak , but it definitely has something to do with the soundtrack . Also , some of the characters have little lines or movements or moments that are amusing in and of themselves . Finally , the story is one that always tugs at my heartstrings , and the last scene is so bittersweet . All in all , I love this movie ; it 's perfect for a gooey , sentimental girls ' night .
1 Hardly a masterpiece . Not so well written . Beautiful cinematography i think not . This movie was n't too terrible but it was n't that much better than average . The main story dealing with highly immoral teens should have focused more on the forbidden romance and why this was ... should have really gotten into it instead of scraping the surface with basically " because mom says we ca n't . " Some parts should have been dropped altogether or reworked to have more importance to the plight of the two main characters . Couple times i was wondering if the writer / director was a fan of George Lucas ' classic American Graffiti . Not that it 's wrong to be a fan of that movie but to make your movie at times look like that , i mean come on ! Worst part of this was that Madchen Amick had such a small part , i mean double come on ! ! She was the only one , in one or two lines , who actually tried a southern accent . ( Take a good listen , it was there even though her character was from California ! DOH ! ! ) Maybe if she was the star others could have followed and we would have had a more authentically sounding movie . Oh well , what can ya do when you have a director who 's just a director and not an artist , also . Too bad . Overall i give this a B- and that 's being a little generous 'cause i 'm partial to Ms. Amick .
1 Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity , and probably raised more than a few industry eyebrows when CBS signed her to 10-year , $ 5 million television deal ( nothing these days ) . But more important than that , Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control -- and got it . She had this special filmed her way , and for the most part her vision was by turns clever , canny , and incredible . Opening Act I with the title song ( not written specifically for her ) , Streisand races through a classy cast of songs linked with " I 'm Late " ( from " Alice in Wonderland"!--she even keeps in the line about fuzzy ears and whiskers and " too much time to shave " ! ) ; this is a totally charming , if not bizarre , selection -- and enjoy it because it did n't make the TWO soundtrack albums released . She slows down for " Make Believe " ( which gets perhaps too slow ) , but the dramatic " How Does the Wine Taste ? " is amazing . " A Kid Again " is cute ( with Streisand looking tiny in a huge chair -- is that where Lily Tomlin got the idea ? ) , as is " Sweet Zoo " ( " I 'm an alligator -- crocodile ??-- no , alligator ! " ) . " Where is the Wonder " is very cool and elegant , and her " People " number , surrounded by an orchestra who tap for her at the song 's close , is stunning . Act II is set in New York City 's Bergdof Goodman , with Streisand acting kooky in high fashion get - ups ( when she playfully stomps on the mink , the audience watching the tape actually gasps ) . Act III , before a studio audience ( made up of lucky fan club devotees ) , begins with a powerful version of " When the Sun Comes Out " ( Streisand actually looks out of breath at the dramatic close ) , followed by " Why Did I Choose You ? " ( probably her best early song ) , a too - quick " Lover , Come Back to Me " ( where she 's ultimately drowned out by the orchestra ) , and a ' Funny Girl ' medley . The finale , " Happy Days are Here Again " , which reportedly took 12 takes , closes the hour in amazing fashion . Sponsored by Chemstrand ( a fiber - making company ! ) , this black - and - white gem moves fast , with jazzy set - ups , terrific cinematography , kicky sets and costumes . They really do n't make 'em like this anymore -- and that pertains to the special and to La Streisand .
1 If people did n't know who Barbra Streisand was before this, ... (is that POSSIBLE?) ... they sure knew who she was after!<br /><br />This show went on to win 5 Emmys , & stands out as one the best things Streisand has ever done.<br /><br />It 's made up of 3 acts .... <br /><br />ACT I ... Barbra singing standards from room to room , filled with musicians , including a segment where she is a little girl again , all ending with a splendid version of her signature song,(at the time) ... "People".<br /><br />ACT II .... A musical tour of Bergdoff - Goodman , while Barbra Sings poverty songs .. it 's better than it sounds ... <br /><br />ACT III ..... The best part , Just Barbra , musicians , & some great songs , like ..... "Happy Days Are Here Again " , & a " Funny Girl " medley .... <br /><br />all in all , a great part of television history , made by one of the greatest performers in the world !
1 In April of 1965 , CBS broadcast the first of Barbra Streisand 's monumental television specials . The show was not only a runaway ratings success , but garnered 5 Emmy awards as well . This is one of the most memorable moments of 1960 's television and ( unfortunately ) the kind of television special they do n't produce anymore . Filled with wonderful songs and a spectacular performance by Barbra , this special is a must view for any Streisand fan and anyone interested in early television .
1 This was Barbra Streisand 's first television special and is " must see " viewing for any Streisand fan . Even non - Streisand fans will enjoy this highly energetic and entertaining piece of entertainment history . Performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime . Brilliant !
1 Streisand fans only familiar with her work from the FUNNY GIRL film onwards need to see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE she achieved her goal of becoming a Movie Star . There had never been a female singer quite like her ever before , and there never would be again ( sorry , Celine - only in your dreams ! ) , but never again would Streisand sing with the vibrancy , energy , and , above all , the ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which she performs here - by the time she gets to that Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later , she 'd been filming FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and her performing style has become less spontaneous and more reserved , more rehearsed ( and , let 's face it : more angry ) - there 's a wall between her and the audience . Live performing was never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood , and once she no longer had to do it she 's done it as little as possible ( and oh , that legendary stage fright provides such a good excuse!).<br /><br />Her vocals here and on her earlier Judy Garland Show appearance are incredible : Streisand could truly make an old song sound new again , and composers such as Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for it . But by the 1970s Streisand was trying to be a " rock " singer , her albums pandering to the younger audiences , with over - wrought shrieking of songs that were unworthy of her effort or her voice . < br /><br />In the ' 80s she came back with that brilliant " Broadway Album , " but went on and on about what a struggle it was to get it done , how " they " told her not to do it , etc . Oh please - when has anyone told Streisand what to do ? She could have been doing good stuff like that all along , bringing audiences UP to her level instead of stooping to what she thought the young public wanted . ( The " Back to Broadway " sequel was n't nearly as good , as Streisand seems to feel it necessary to improve on other composers ' work : if he were alive at the time , would Richard Rodgers have even recognized his own " Some Enchanted Evening " ? Rodgers , notorious for taking singers to task for playing around with his melodies , would undoubtedly have been after Streisand to sing what he 'd written ! She also blows Michael Crawford off the CD in their duet of " Music of the Night " - apparently reminding him just whose CD this is . Why does she insist on taking songs that are duets and singing them by herself , and songs that are n't duets and singing them as duets with someone else who she then goes on to diminish?)<br /><br />Supposedly Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised her , " Do n't let them do to you what they did to me , " advice Streisand wasted no time in heeding - despite her protestations to the contrary , surely it looks like it 's always been her way or the highway . Just imagine - SHE told the CBS brass how her first TV special would be done - no guests , just HER.<br /><br />But nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here . Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE she was a legend - you 'll be absolutely amazed at the difference!<br /><br />PS - I watched this again last night ( 12/01 ) after not having seen it for many years - it was even BETTER than I remembered ! The 1st Act begins with " I 'm Late " and includes " Make Believe " and " How Does the Wine Taste , " and Barbra 's homage to childhood , " I 'm Five " - it climaxes as Streisand appears with full ( and I mean FULL ) orchestra to sing " People " - she was n't bored with the song yet and although it 's a somewhat shorter rendition it really soars - compare it to some of her later " auto - pilot " versions . The 2nd act ( after Streisand 's " kooky " schtick - patter , which has n't changed much over the years ) is the famous series of Depression songs set amidst the extravagance of Bergdorf - Goodman's.<br /><br />The 3rd Act is the stunner - call it " Streisand , the Orchestra , and the Audience " ( although we never see the audience that supposedly witness this historic event ) . With her fear of audiences and dislike of such performing , this may have been the toughest part for her , but if so , to her credit it does n't show . She tears through " Lover Come Back to Me " and the torchy " When the Sun Comes Out " ( though I ca n't remember in which order ! ) , the poignant " Why Did I Choose You ? ( one of my all - time favorite Streisand performances ) and offers a medley of FUNNY GIRL songs , including ( of course ) " Do n't Rain on My Parade " and my favorite song from the score , " The Music That Makes Me Dance " . Explaining that " Fanny Brice sang a song like that in 1922 , and it made her the toast of Broadway " , Streisand then sings " My Man " , and it 's almost a dress - rehearsal template for her later screen rendition in the FUNNY GIRL film ( the main difference being that the black gown here is sleeveless - her film gown had long sleeves and against the black background all we saw were her hands and face ) , but the vocal here is more urgent and charged than her later film vocal . ( Her performance of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice who , of course , never sang the song in such an all - out manner as Streisand does here or in the film - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a glimpse of Brice 's more understated version . ) The show ends with Streisand singing " Happy Days Are Here Again " over the credits.<br /><br />When it was over I said to the friend I was watching it with , " She has NEVER , EVER , done anything better!" < br /><br />And she was TWENTY - THREE YEARS OLD !
1 As the first of the TV specials offered on the elaborate box set , " Barbra Streisand : The Television Specials " , released last November , this disc is being released separately for those who do not want to fork over the dollars for all five specials . As an investment , this is indeed the best of the bunch if only for the fact that this is Streisand at her purest and most eager to impress . That she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend . Signed to a long - term contract with CBS to produce hour - long variety shows , an almost extinct format nowadays , Streisand was all of 22 in this CBS special first broadcast in April 1965 . At that point of her career , her notoriety was limited to a handful of best - selling albums , a few dazzling TV appearances on variety and talk shows , and her successful Broadway run in " Funny Girl".<br /><br />Filmed in crisp black - and - white , the program is divided into three distinct parts . With the creative transitional use of " I 'm Late " from Disney 's " Alice in Wonderland " , the first segment cleverly shows her growing up from childhood through numbers as diverse as " Make Believe " and " I 'm Five " . Opening with a comic monologue about Pearl from Istanbul , the second part moves on location to Manhattan 's chic Bergdorf Goodman 's where she is elegantly costumed in a series of glamorous outfits while singing Depression - era songs like " I 've Got Plenty of Nuthin' " and " The Best Things in Life Are Free " with comic irony . Back to basics , the third segment is a straight - ahead concert which opens with a torchy version of " When the Sun Comes Out " , includes a " Funny Girl " medley , and ends with her classic , melancholic take on " Happy Days Are Here Again " over the ending credits . Also included is the brief introduction she taped in 1986 when the special was first released on VHS . For those who know Streisand only for her pricey concert tickets and political fundraising , this is a genuine eye - opener into why she is so revered now .
1 Barbra Streisand 's debut television special is still a pinnacle moment in entertainment history - in any media . Cleverly divided into three separate acts ( to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks ) , Streisand made the bold - yet - masterful decision to drop the typical variety show format of the time ( which is why there is no guest stars nor forced banter ) and carry the entire show on her shoulders alone . The risky move paid off enormously , as MY NAME IS BARBRA set a new standard for musical programming on television.<br /><br />Filmed in glorious black - and - white ( which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show ) , MY NAME IS BARBRA is flawlessly - conceived and impressively shot . However , what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand herself . Watching the then-23 year old performer navigate herself through the show 's 55 minute runtime is nothing less than thrilling . She is in fantastic voice ( and even performs the entire first and third acts live ) , and gives first evidence of the immense star power that would soon follow her to the big screen.<br /><br />The special 's biggest asset is it 's boldness in allowing Streisand to simply stand on stage and sing some great songs . After the powerful opening performance of " Much More " ( with a brief opening snippet from Leonard Bernstein 's " My Name Is Barbara " ) , Barbra proceeds to wander through a multi - level studio set performing a frantic version of the Disney classic " I 'm Late . " In between verses of " I 'm Late , " Streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing some terrific numbers such as the haunting " Make Believe " and the thundering " How Does the Wine Taste ? " Halfway through the Act I , Barbra re - enters her own childhood to the strains of " A Kid Again , " and then gives highly energetic performances of " I 'm Five " and " Sweet Zoo " while romping among an over - sized set . The illusion is eventually shattered , however , as Streisand finds herself out of the fantasy and back in the real world . She then sings about this lost childhood innocence in the lovely " Where Is the Wonder ? " Streisand then dashes out onto a platform stage surrounded by an entire room - full of musicians and performs a rousing rendition of " People " before the thunderous applause of a live studio audience.<br /><br />Act II of the special begins with Streisand hamming it up for the studio audience with a campy rendition of " I 've Got the Blues , " before delivering a comedy monologue about " Pearl from Istanbul . " Streisand then heads off to Bergdorf Goodman 's department store , which allows her to sing a medley of poverty songs while parading around in some of the store 's elegant fashions . This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics . Some high points of the Act II medley include Streisand singing a restrained version of " Second Hand Rose " to the audience , appearing as a Latin bullfighter to the tune of " Nobody Knows You When You 're Down and Out , " and portraying a frustrated paperboy while mugging to " Brother , Can You Spare a Dime . " The third Act of the special is a straight concert , with no set pieces or concepts . Streisand is a performer who really thrives on the concert stage , and this segment is the most thrilling moment of the special . Streisand enters belting out an almost gravity - defying rendition of " When the Sun Comes Out , " and continues to amaze the viewer with a lovely version of THE YEARLING ballad " Why Did I Choose You , " a scorching performance of " Lover Come Back to Me , " and an impassioned medley of three songs form FUNNY GIRL . Streisand really outdoes herself , however , with a phenomenal rendition of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard " My Man , " which instantly became on of the singer 's best - loved signature songs.<br /><br />Streisand performs her immortal ballad version of " Happy Days Are Here Again " as the closing credits roll by on the left - hand side of the screen . The iconic finish to the number reaffirms to the viewer that he or she has indeed seen something truly special . MY NAME IS BARBRA was a huge rating triumph when first aired , and it eventually picked up five Emmy awards in addition to spawning two Top - Five , Gold - selling soundtrack albums . Watching it all again , it 's absolutely no surprise .
1 Barbra Streisand 's first television special was simply fantastic ! From her skit as a child to her medley of songs in a high - fashion department store -- everything was top - notch ! It was easy to understand how this special received awards.<br /><br />Not muddled down by guest appearances , the focus remained on Barbra thoughout the entire production .
1 I remember stumbling upon this special while channel - surfing in 1965 . I had never heard of Barbra before . When the show was over , I thought " This is probably the best thing on TV I will ever see in my life . " 42 years later , that has held true . There is still nothing so amazing , so honestly astonishing as the talent that was displayed here . You can talk about all the super - stars you want to , this is the most superlative of them all!<br /><br />You name it , she can do it . Comedy , pathos , sultry seduction , ballads , Barbra is truly a story - teller . Her ability to pull off anything she attempts is legendary . But this special was made in the beginning , and helped to create the legend that she quickly became . In spite of rising so far in such a short time , she has fulfilled the promise , revealing more of her talents as she went along . But they are all here from the very beginning . You will not be disappointed in viewing this .
1 With films like " Wallace & Gromit " and " Chicken Run " under their belt , the good people from the other side of the pond , Aardman Animation , are now introducing us to a bit of their twisted humor in the form of " Creature Comforts".<br /><br />Derived from a short done early in their careers , " Creature Comforts " is a slice - of - life show where snippets of conversation are removed from their context and given to an animal of some sort.<br /><br />Aardman Animation went across the country interviewing people with innocuous questions such as , " Are you a liar ? " and then speed things up a bit asking about their sex lives.<br /><br />The answers , while seeming to be boring and mundane , are actually quite funny , when you understand the dialogs come first and the animals are added later.<br /><br />How many of these animals look like the person making the statements ? One of the characters discussing what he looks for in a woman , " I like them kind of thin . " is an insect , the Walking Stick.<br /><br />There are two dogs discussing odors and smells , while sniffing the behind of a poodle , as they talk about the different smells of a woman.<br /><br />There are two birds in a cage . As the " wife " tells the litany that is her health , her long suffering husband stands by her , saying nothing.<br /><br />While it might take some time for " Creature Comforts " to find it 's " legs " , it should find a place on television for those who are tired of the ordinary . While there are more reality shows than Carter has liver pills , " Creature Comforts " is one of a kind and definitely worth watching.<br /><br />Some of the humor might seem a little racy , it 's the claymation that catches the attention of the children ( like the old Batman series of the 60 's , the jokes are subtle enough the kids wo n't get them ) and it 's the jokes that are there for the adults .
1 but just as entertaining and random ! Love it or hate it , but do n't expect a sophisticated plot or nail - biting cliffhanger . Think of it like Seinfeld , but without the follow - through and repeat performances of wacky characters ( well ... so far ; i have a feeling i will develop favourites as the season continues).<br /><br />"Creature Comforts " is not for the faint of humour - it 's meant to be enjoyed with the least amount of effort on your brain 's part . Which is why this show embodies everything i need in a program when i get home from work in the evening : superficial conversation in the background with just the right amount of " cute " to the characters for me to enjoy when i eventually look up from the computer to see what i 'm missing.<br /><br />Funnier than most of today 's sitcoms , calmer than an evening at NASCAR . Just the right mix of dead air and comebacks . Ca n't wait for the next one .
1 I was n't going to watch this show . But , I 'm glad I did . The critics of this just do n't get it ! It 's one of the funniest and most entertaining thing on T.V at the present moment ! Though , when the interviews were done with common folks they probably seemed useless ; but , put them in the mouth of animals and insects , and it 's a laugh riot . I laughed so hard , I had tears in my eyes . The pig with the babies suckling and her mother is priceless . The husband and wife birds talking about health problems , and the male bird taking a crap after the wife said she was constipated completely broke me up ! Creature Comforts is the most imaginative show I 've ever seen in awhile ! Hopefully , it will be back next summer when this run is over .
1 I was privileged to have seen some snippets from Aardman 's original run of this show in the UK . It was always fun and always funny . None of the charm has been lost in translation -- it 's as fresh as the people interviewed -- whether some of it is scripted or not , as has been rumored , is beside the point . It 's always entertaining.<br /><br />Aardman Animations shows great imagination in the characters used for each voice , the single aspect that I probably love most about the show and its concept ( the hostility between the pandas , the porcupines discussing fear of needles , the painting ape ) . Regulars really grow on you as well , such as the horse and donkey teens from Maryland , most every married couple ( the parrots , the insects , and the cats to name a few ) and child - voiced character , and I 've really come to dig the ferret ! Monday 's finally become a day to which to look forward .
1 Aardman does it again . Next to Pixar , Aardman Animation proves again and again how to do animation properly.<br /><br />I had a great time watching the first episode of Creature Comforts . I thought it translated well for American audiences . My only concern is that most of the audiences are n't going to get the subtle humor in this show.<br /><br />Having been a fan of the BBC version and the short film , I knew what I was in for when I sat down to watch this . The animators did a great job matching up pre - recorded voices to a perfect match animal . Look at the first episode with the Goat , who sounds stoned , and the dogs on the street that keep calling each other " dawg".<br /><br />Is this for everyone ? Not by a long shot . In fact , I 'd be happy to see the show last for a full season . But like I said before , audiences are n't going to get it .
1 Creature Comforts in America should have been released on a different network , or at least been given the chance to have its full run of episodes . Unfortunately , this was not the case . Given that American audiences ( seemingly ) have the attention spans of a gnat when it comes to the humor that does not consist of profanity laced diatribes , or has a preoccupation with scatological functions ( both sound and smells ) , shows like this will be few and far between . One of the main problems was that however brilliant it was , it was made for a rarefied audience who knew what to expect but was viewed by an audience and board rooms that did not have a clue at to what they were watching . Which is sad , but not unexpected . I would have liked to have seen at least three more seasons of this show even if it was produced for direct DVD release . The material and the interactions between the creatures were rich with sub context and there were other conversations just waiting to be had under the surface . But thanks to Political Correctness , such conversations take place only in my mind .
1 Got to this show late - believe it was the 3rd , and final episode , when first watched it - and was blown away by a social commentary that has n't been seen on American TV since ' All in the Family'.<br /><br />Was very surprised CBS would even run this in the first place.<br /><br />Which is merely to say the last time CBS ' had a set ' - if you know what I mean - was back in the day of ' All in the Family ' . The most controversial decision they 're willing to tackle today is how much eye make - up to put on Katie Couric.<br /><br />If you want to make a bunch of folks really , really mad - let them discover the truth about themselves . And if you want them willing to pull strings , make calls , and get a work of Art removed - let them discover that truth by hearing their own words spoken from their own mouths.<br /><br />The Aardman folks have always been WAY ahead of the curve . And this show is no different . Somehow it snuck under the CBS ' corporate / social / political / censor radar ' to get it onto the schedule ( perhaps the ' big brass ' never really watched it till it finally aired ? ) , but once good ' ol middle ' merika heard and saw themselves being themselves - well , can bet the farm that message , or the messenger , wo n't last long.<br /><br />Now , if only the ' missing episodes ' can find their way onto Usenet or bit - torrent ; -)<br /><br />Thank You BC Kelly Tallahassee Fla
1 Shannon Lee , the daughter of Bruce Lee , delivers high kicking martial arts action in spades in this exhilarating Hong Kong movie and proves that like her late brother Brandon she is a real chip off the old block . There is high tech stuntwork to die for in this fast paced flick and the makers of the Bond movies should give it a look if they want to spice up the action quotient of the next 007 adventure as there is much innovative stuff here with some fresh and original second unit work to bolster up the already high action content of " AND NOW , YOU'RE DEAD " . When you watch a movie as fast paced and entertaining as this you begin to wonder how cinema itself was able to survive before the martial arts genre was created . I genuinely believe that movies in general and action movies in particular were just marking time until the first kung fu movies made their debut . Bruce Lee was the father of modern action cinema and his legitimate surviving offspring Shannon does not let the family name down here . Although there are several pleasing performances in this movie ( Michel Wong for one)it is Shannon Lee whom you will remember for a genuinely spectacular performance as Mandy the hitgirl supreme . Hell;you may well come away whistling her fights !
1 This is a great movie for any fan of Hong Kong action movies . Asides from it 's little plot , the weak drama and bits of comedy antics , the movie is action packed with gun - fighting and martial arts action . Kept me entertained from beginning until the end . I thought Shannon Lee was awesome in the movie.<br /><br />Having an action director like Corey Yuen is what keeps Hong Kong action going strong . This modern action film is highly recommended ! !
1 I 've seen tons of HK actioners , and this one is right at the top of the genre . The action scenes are as exciting and kinetic as anything you 've ever seen in any action movie . The kung fu is spectacular , the pyrotechnics eye - popping , the stunt work heartstopping . The editing is perfectly paced , heightening the tension and complimenting the fluid camera work . This film is directed by old pro Corey Yuen , whose resume is stuffed with some of the best work of the genre , including the Jet Li vehicle The Legend of Fong Sai - Yuk . If there is one thing lacking in this film it is the presence of a three - dimensional character , though Martin , the male lead , comes closest to it . This movie is full of archetypes rather than characters -- the sexy killer , the goofy thief and his bitchy girlfriend , the cackling villains . That said , Shannon Lee has a terrific screen presence ; she 's great with the fighting , the stunts , and the guns . When she 's onscreen it 's hard to take your eyes off her . She 's that good . Why is n't this woman a major star ?
1 I do n't think most of us would tend to apply the term " must - see " to action films , but I was very impressed at how good this film was and it deservedly gets the " must - see " stamp from me.<br /><br />Mandy played by Shannon Lee ( daughter of the late and great Bruce Lee and sister of the late Brandon Lee ) is recruited by Martin , a professional thief to help pull off a diamond heist at a museum for a criminal syndicate , and get rewarded handsomely for it . Little do they know that another pair of thieves ( Lucy and Tommy , a pair of lovebirds ) , who were spurned earlier by Mandy and Martin to get in on the deal , are also planning to steal the diamond.<br /><br />How each pair of thieves plans out the heist is a thrill to watch . Things go awry , as Martin and Mandy unknowingly find themselves a step behind Lucy and Tommy.<br /><br />You'll find yourself rooting for these thieves as they find that they need each other to stay alive from the crime syndicate , who are not happy at all that the diamond is not in its hands.<br /><br />Action fans will not be disappointed , as there 's a healthy dose of gun battles , martial arts , and hand - to - hand combat sequences.<br /><br />What is surprising is that , it 's not just the action that carries this film , but the romance and laughs ( and I do n't mean your typical one - liners prevalent in action films ) that sneak in.<br /><br />It 's not easy to root for bad guys , but we get to see the human side of these thieves and the chemistry they develop.<br /><br />A great film and one NOT to miss!<br /><br />9 out of 10
1 Man 's Castle is a wonderful example of a Pre - Code film . It involves realistic events with truly enjoyable and imperfect characters . Spencer Tracy plays Bill , a free soul without a dime in his pocket . He makes a living doing odd jobs and traveling to a new city when he gets bored of his surroundings . One night , he meets Trina , a beauty by any standards who is cold and alone . She has refused to resort to prostitution so she has not eaten for several days , but the two take very well to each other and form a relationship . His free spirit tempts him to leave her , so life is rocky , but there is a true spark between the two , even if they live in a shack by the river.<br /><br />Tracy is one of the great actors of the silver screen . His characters are amazing and relatable . We can see his thoughts on his face , making him easy to identify with , even if we believe he is behaving badly . Young is great in pre - code films . Her character is very sweet but far from perfect , making her all the more likable.<br /><br />Pre - code elements include skinny dipping , pregnancy before marriage , and crime .
1 Unfortunately , this film has long been unavailable ( as other posters have noted ) , but this is one of the essential dramas of the Great Depression , a lyrical and touching drama of love set in a shanty - town . It features performances by Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young that are just about the finest of their careers , and it 's a surpassing example of how the director , Frank Borzage , was able to create an almost fairy - tale aura around elements of poverty , crime , and horrendous social inequity , which just proves that how truly romantic and spiritual his talents were . This film shows how love survives amidst squalor and desperate need , and it is totally life - affirming . This is a real masterpiece of the period , and is a movie that deserves to be more widely known .
1 I generally find Loretta Young hard to take , too concerned with her looks and too ladylike in all the wrong ways . But in this lyrical Frank Borzage romance , and even though she 's playing a low - self - esteem patsy who puts up with entirely too much bullying from paramour Spencer Tracy , she 's direct and honest and irresistible . It 's an odd little movie , played mostly in a one - room shack in a Hooverville , unusually up - front about the Depression yet romantic and idealized . Tracy , playing a blustery , hard - to - take " regular guy " who would be an awful chauvinist and bully by today 's standards , softens his character 's hard edge and almost makes him appealing . There 's good supporting work from Marjorie Rambeau and Glenda Farrell ( who never got as far as she should have ) , and Jo Swerling 's screenplay is modest and efficient . But the real heroes are Borzage , who always liked to dramatize true love in lyrical close - up , and Young . You sort of want to slap her and tell her character to wise up , she 's too good for this guy , but she 's so dewy and persuasive , you contentedly watch their story play out to a satisfying conclusion .
1 Clearly an hilarious movie.<br /><br />It angers me to see the poor ratings given to this piece of comic genius < br /><br />Please look at this for what it is , a funny , ridiculous enjoyable film . Laugh for christ sake!<br /><br / >
1 This film deserves a 10 for its brilliant portrayal of the world as experienced in the mind of a playboy . While I found that world morally repulsive , the film did best what storytelling should do , and that is take us through an experience that we would otherwise never undergo . Tim Meadows so convincingly portrays Leon Phelps , and the story so drew me into the reckless world of Leon , that I momentarily forgot that I was watching a parody of the playboy world and felt compelled to rebel against it . Herein lies the film 's undoing because its great and bold achievement in storytelling comes at the price of its own success . Understanding that the vast majority of moviegoers will respond only to the story of this film that lies on the surface , and reject that story , I hesitate to be misunderstood by them and admit that I loved it . I loved it not only for its fascinating insights into the deluded mind of the playboy , not only for its amusing portrayal of the idiocy of the human sex drive , but also for its courage to fearlessly explore what is in the shadows of heterosexuality . Besides , it 's just funny .
1 I thought this movie was LOL funny . It 's a fun , not to be taken seriously , movie about one man 's twisted views on life , love , and ... well , ladies " from the lowly bus station skank , to the high - class débutante ... bus station skank . " Tim meadows plays a guy ( Leon Phelps ) who was raised by in a Playboy - style mansion by a Hugh Hefner - esquire father figure , surrounded constantly by beautiful porn models and actresses . When his " father " kicks him out on the street he must learn to fend for himself with nothing but the chauvinistic outlook on life that his youth has taught him ... that and an unfathomable , nearly mystical level of charm and dumb luck . And so the hijinx begin ! If you have n't seen this movie and you enjoy a light - hearted , semi - mindless , comedy / love story , then I highly recommend renting " the Ladies ' Man " .
1 " The Ladies Man " suffers a common problem among movies based on " Saturday Night Live " skits . And that is , a sketch that usually succeeds in five minutes will not do so well in ninety minutes . Although this movie does have its laughs , like Tim Meadows as Leon Phelps , a sex - maniac straight out of the ' 70s , and Will Ferrell as a wrestling - obsessed husband cuckolded by Leon . So this movie is funny enough , but it 's no " Wayne 's World " !
1 I sought this film out because I 'm a new Frain fan and wanted to see more of his work . First of all , his Irish accent is great . He 's got a keen ear for dialects , it seems . His acting was marvelous , as usual . James Frain aside , I thought the film was very well done . It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as the * mess * it really is . Both sides are guilty of grave injustices , and the men drawn into the conflict usually have very little to say about their circumstances.<br /><br />Also , it is interesting to realise that not every man ( or woman ) that is supposedly fighting for his country , is really doing * just * that . For example , when Kenny ( James Frain ) asks Ginger ( Ian Hart ) why he does " it " , Ginger ca n't come up with a morally acceptable answer . Why ? Because Ginger is n't in it for the noble cause of protecting his country or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger is in it for the fun of killing . He 's full of blood - lust and it 's the perfect job for a guy like him . In a struggle like this there are guys like Liam ( John Lynch ) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... guys that see all of the fighting just begats more fighting . There are guys like Kenny that are born leaders full of charisma , and they add fuel to the flames , rather they mean to or not . Also , Kenny genuinely believes in the " cause " . He believes what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit odd 'cause his character seems too intelligent for it all . But , like a lot of other seemingly intelligent men , he is sucked into a gang lifestyle not even realizing it ... 'til it 's too late . Then there is Ginger , a pure psycho who is n't in the fighting for any other reason but for the sheer thrill of it , which in a gangland type war makes him a valued asset , some might argue . However , now , in this film , Ginger has out lasted his worth , and has become a very dangerous loose cannon.<br /><br />Everything comes to a boiling point , and predictably , the ending is a tragic one . What makes this film worthy is that is shows both sides of this ages old conflict . Being American , I ca n't begin to fully understand what all struggle is about . But , I do know there has to be a better way.<br /><br />All in all , a well acted , touching ... but troubling film .
1 I quite enjoyed this movie for two reasons . The first is that it gives an insight into the world of loyalism in northern ireland , which is very rarely treated in movies , most of which tell us about the republican struggle . The second reason is the performances of the actors . I thought they gave very honest and convincing portrayals of a very seedy underworld that not many people hear about outside my native shores.<br /><br />All in all , it is an entertaining ganster movie with stellar performances from a who 's who in northern irish actors cast . It wo nt move the earth , although it may slightly open some peoples eyes to the murky world of loyalist paramilitaries .
1 Excellent film from Thaddeus O'Sullivan featuring strong performances from a host of British and Irish actors . The film deals well with a thorny subject matter , and effectively captures the hopelessness and grim atmosphere of 1970s Belfast . Surprisingly realistic , it does nothing to glorify either side in this conflict . On one hand , it shows a young Catholic father trying to raise his family without getting drawn into the troubles . On the other it deals with a Loyalist gang who are intent on propagating violence . Very interesting and , thankfully , entertaining . Do n't be expecting any laughs , though . 7 out of 10 .
1 Some of the acting was a bit suspect . I remember that asswipe Alexander Walker ( Evening Standard critic , yeah OK , he 's now dead ) launched into a rant about this film saying it was a disgrace portraying NI Protestants as murderers . Now with respect to all NI protestants , this film was loosely based on the Shankill Butchers ( who were loyalists)and who roamed Belfast in the 1970 's . Believe me , they were not called butchers for nothing . my main moan about this film is the it shows no ray of light or hope , it 's all doom & gloom , i mean did the little girl at the end have to die . Maybe this sounds corny but it could have taken the tact that not all Prods & tiags are bad or wholly good either .
1 This movie shows how savage the troubles really are . People who do not want to be involved have no say in the way their lives are altered . This movie shows how the people of Northern Ireland , both Catholic and Protestant are held captive . At any moment their lives may be changed forever whether they want to be involved or not .
1 I liked Top Gun . It held my interest . Predictable plot , decent character development and story line . It is pretty similar to High Noon in that the town people appear weak and scared to stand up to a villain . This movie has some quality actors who really did not get a chance to share all of their talents . Also some of the actors did not receive credit for their roles . Denver Pyle was a good looking man in his younger days . John Dehner , Rod Taylor are outstanding in their roles . Sterling Hayden did the best that he could with poor material . It is hard to imagine him as a gunslinger . Laura , played by Karen Booth , was a nauseating character . She seemed flattered that two men may have been fighting over her . Ugh . Finally , How can people travel without luggage ? Especially women .
1 We all create our own reality , or do we ? That is the core question behind this highly original and masterfully crafted examination of the illusionary nature of reality . Blending Eastern and Buddhist philosophies with the visual chicanery of M.C. Escher , this fascinating treatise manages to take on the rather cerebral question of ` Who are we and what is our place in the universe ? ' , and turn it into a captivating and fun - filled 100 minutes . The film centers on Bart , a writer struggling with his screenplay , ` The Sea That Thinks . ' As he sits at his computer , the work begins to unfold as nothing more than a description of his sitting at the computer , writing the screenplay . Before long he is stuck in a whirling conundrum in which everything he writes becomes reality . Director Gert de Graaff approaches his subject with an impish sense of humor and dazzles the viewer with a series of astounding visual tricks that confront the nature and validity of our perception . Ultimately , de Graaff 's film challenges the audience at several levels to question whether anything we see or touch or taste is really what it appears to be , or whether our entire understanding of the universe and our place in it is merely a trick played on us by our senses . Note : AFTER you 've seen the movie , check out the film 's entertaining web site . ( Dutch with English subtitles ) --Eric Moore
1 This stylistically sophisticated visual game presents ‘a story within a story ' . The protagonist is scriptwriter Bart Klever who fights persistently with his new text – which is , at the same time , the screenplay of the film we 're watching . In the movie Bart plays a scriptwriter writing the script of the film …  Bart 's struggle with the text becomes a narrative theme , as does the environment of the flat where he works and takes care of his little girl . The intimate environment offers ample opportunity for games of illusion involving space , light , colours and a couple of cats . The outwardly simple world of the room is further complicated by the unstable dimensions of a text continually influenced by the filmmaker 's interventions , which appears on a computer monitor and serves as a counterpoint to the similarity mutable environment . The constantly changing viewing angle complicates answers to questions which arise : What is ‘truth ' and what ‘illusion ' ? Which of the observed worlds is primary and superior to the rest ? Can anything serve as a basic orientation point in the narrative space ?
1 The plot does n't begin to describe the film : a man is writing a film , or rather , * this * film . It 's totally self referential to the point that you think it 's going to fold in on itself like a black hole . The writer writes something and it happens , or something happens and he writes about it.<br /><br />It 's very philosophical , like " Waking Life " but more Zen oriented and for that matter , much better , in my opinion . At one point there are person - on - the - street interviews and then you see shots of these people being filmed , and then you discover that their responses are scripted when one keeps flubbing her lines . There is beautiful scenery and optical illusions.<br /><br />I hope it comes out on DVD so I can watch it again more carefully . Seen at Cinequest ( the San Jose , CA film festival ) on 2/25/2002 .
1 After going for a bike ride that day , lying beside a lake in a nature reserve , spending half an hour feeding and talking to a donkey who lived in a beautiful field with a small wood in it , this film made absolute sense to me.<br /><br />The imagery of the film was beautiful and that is all you need . Switch off the conscious control knob of the mind and job done.<br /><br />Reminded me of Baraka ( 1992 ) but with the added lesson of my previous paragraph.<br /><br />This comment requires a minimum of ten lines , ten lines is the minimum not 9 lines but ten . After finishing counting all the lines you realise that there are less than ten even though less than ten lines is all that is needed to make my comment .
1 One is tempted to define the genre of Gert de Graaff 's movie as ` event of the thought ' following the example of Merab Mamardashvili . The nominal storyline is a certain Bart Klever 's torturous quest for that ephemeral substance which constitutes the essence of personality . The script for his new movie is taking shape simultaneously on his computer and in his own imagination . This film - monologue originated as a response to Fellini 's ` 8 ½ ' and cost Gert de Graaff 13 years of work . Excitedly playing with real and fictional characters as well as with the audience , it reveals the whimsical interconnection of the real and imaginary , the paradoxical co - existence in two different galaxies : that of Guttenberg and that of MacLhuen . For some time we are apt to side with the script writer , who believes that the cause of all misfortune is the damned stereotypes of mass mentality ( ` man ' , ` catholic ' , ` window washer ' ) . And together with him we fall into a trap when the author - creator is finally faced with the insoluble dilemma : how can one eliminate from the future movie . Bart Klever ? Just five minutes before the finale thanks to the common petty reproaches of the wife of the creator , who is deeply immersed in work , we realize that together with the main character we have again been ` framed ' . Really , what is the price of the art for the sake of which it is acceptable to renounce one 's own name and the day - to - day care for the young daughter?<br /><br />So who is he , this Bart Klever ? Is he a brilliant prophet or someone possessed like Frenhoffer from Balzac 's masterpiece ( just like the latter the script writer in the end erases from the computer memory everything has written ) ? Gert de Graaff suggests that we answer this question ourselves.<br /><br / >
1 This movie is a journey through the mind of a screenwriter caught in his own paradoxical philosophy . He examines the ever illusive question of ' who am I ' and ' what is I ? ' It 's a courageous and thought provoking enterprise . There is a shipload of beautiful images , dream - inspired , Escher - like paradoxes reminiscent of the hand drawing itself , or rather , erasing itself . More and more we follow the writer in his agony over what to say and what to film , we see him phoning with his wife who left for Peru , leaving him to take care of their baby , a task he performs with less and less attention until he 's so absorbed in his dilemma 's that he hardly looks at the child anymore . His wife comes back and makes a scene , destroys his notes and helping him go over the last treshold until he erases him - self . Interspersed with eye - pleasing and I - destructing images , the story is mainly philosophical . It 's about the veils of Maya , the world of illusion . The paradox of the movie however , is that it needs a lot of talking and thinking to prove that thinking should stop . During the more than two hours of provocative beauty and rapid philosophising the movie made me long for silence or a shorter movie . If that was the purpose of the maker , he succeeded quite well .
1 to communicate in film essential things of life - like what is life , does it have a meaning ? - is sheer impossible . Of course possible answers to these questions are demonstrated in every film ( story ) , but communication needs a direct appeal to consciousness . This happens if the input from the senses overrules the " input " from our mind , i.e. our thoughts . Few directors know how to communicate essential things . Tarkovsky , is one . His " Stalker " shows images of existence , communicates life as it shows itself and yet escapes your mind . I think De Zee and De Graaff do the same .
1 Actually I liked this movie very , very much . Not because of it`s plot , acting , jokes , no . I liked it , because it`s one of the worse movies ever created . It`s so lame , so bad , that it becomes terribly funny . Some jokes are actually cool , but the rest makes me pray for unemployment for the scriptwriter . " Men in white " are so dumb and stupid , that you can do only two things . Turn the TV off or roll on the floor laughing ( beer helps a lot : ) . I chose the second option .
1 This movie has recieved horrible ratings from just about everyone who has voted here but i am here to say if you like movies like Dude Where s my Car and Dumb and Dumber this movie is for you . If your into movies like Citizen Kane and Casablanca i d have to sugest you in a different angle . Yet i still love this movie and everything about it even if it is kind of " kiddy " this is one of the few movies me and my freinds have been able to keep watching over the years and quote whenever possible . GREAT MOVIE . This movie should the AFIs number 1 because its so friggin ' high class . The only problem with this movie is you may have trouble seeing it because it was a made for tv movie on a channel that no longer exists . So i do nt know how to get this movie , i d like to buy it for dvd but i ca nt find it anywhere . I still have it taped from when it was first on , you can come over if you want and watch it bute i might be sleeping . this movie rocks and that s basicly all you need to know .
1 I found this movie hilarious . The spoofs on other popular movies of that time were some of the funniest I have seen in this sort of movie . Give it a try . If you saw the movies that this movie is spoofing , and you get the humor , you should enjoy the movie.<br /><br />I ( and the others who watched the movie with me ) felt the funniest part in the movie ( this is not a spoiler because I will NOT tell you what actually happens ) was a scene with the " flashy thingy " from MIB . When they first discover the device and do not know what it is does ... and then again later in the movie ... you 'll understand when you get there.<br /><br />My only complaint about the movie is that I have never been able to find it in DVD so that I could buy a copy .
1 The " Men in White " movie is definitely one of the funniest , if not THE funniest , comedy movies I ever watched ! ( and I watched quite a lot ! ) It is about two garbagemen , who become " Men in White " and then stop an invasion from space . It is also a parody of lots of classic movies , such as " Men in Black " , " Star Wars " or " Dr. Strangelove " . Anyone who says that this movie is crappy has something wrong with his head . There are tons of funny gags and jokes here , and you might actually get injury to your mouth from laughing too hard ( it happened to me ! ) . If you can watch this movie on TV , watch it now - you certainly wo n't regret it !
1 What is with all of the European ( especially England ) comments here ? All i got ta say is that when i saw this movie for the first time when i was like 13 i thought it was great . Of course it 's stupid . That 's the point . You have to see the movie Dr. Strangelove and Men in Black to get the whole joke behind this movie , but come on people , what did you expect to see ? I can think of many movies that are far worse than this , and they were expensive Hollwood films with real actors in them . For what it 's worth , Men in White is a very stupid - funny mock of a movie . And with all the stupid - funny stuff that England has been making for the last half century , i am shocked at all the negative comments . Us stupid Americans like our stupid humor . P.S. , see ' Team America : World Police " for some true laughs that Europeans will especially like . HA !
1 I think this movie is a very funny film and one of the best ' National Lampoon 's ' films , it also has a very catchy spoof title , which basically sums up what the whole movie is about .... Men In White ! ! ! ! The story is a spoof of many films including a Will Smith film , as you might have guessed , ' Men In Black ' . I will not give the ending away but it has a very good ending in is very funny ( Leslie Nielsen style humour ) from start to finish , especially the bit near the beginning when thy are in the street collecting the dustbins ( Garbage Cans ) . Also , they have a pretty cool dustbin lorry ( Garbage Collecting Truck ) in that scene too . The acting is not superb , actually , it is not very good , but that is what makes the film funny , it is a comedy , loosen up ! ! I love the story line , partly because it is so far fetched and partly because it is interesting to see how subtle ( Or should it be Un - subtle ) they rip off all the other films . I am great fan of un - serious spoof films , but i am also a fan of the real thing , and with this films , it is hard to decide which is better , the film it mainly rips off ( mentioned earlier i this review ) or the actual film it is , but also when you are actually making a spoof of comedy films , it actually makes it even harder , but this film carries it off successfully . The two garbage men are so funny , it reminds me of a TV sketch show in the UK called ' Little Britain ' . This film is a must for your collection and is one of the best , most entertaining , funniest , best storyline , National Lampoon 's film to date ! !
1 Ayone who whines about how this movie was crap or that it had no plot must have been looking for " Jean de Florrette " . HELLO ! this film was made to be a random act of comedy and in no way involves a plot in any way shape or form . I would also like to remind these whiners that if you are going to flay the crap out of this film that they seem to be missing the point . This film is clearly made for people who do n't appreciate the so called " american humour " which seems to me just a pile of smutty crap . The point is everyone has an opinion and you should be a bit more appreciative that some peoples sense of humour may not be in line with your own before shooting your mouth off.<br /><br />Thankyou
1 It does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people . First off , not many seem to have seen it in the first place ( I just bumped into it by accident ) , and then judging by the reviews and the rating , of those that did many did not enjoy it very much.<br /><br />Well , I did . I usually tolerate Gere for his looks and his charm , and even though I did not consider him a great actor , I know he can do crazy pretty well ( I liked his Mr Jones ) . But this performance is all different . He is not pretty in this one , and he is not charming . His character is completely different from anything I had seen from him up to that point --- old , ugly , broken , determined . And Gere , in what to me is so far his best performance ever , pulls it off beautifully . I guess it is a sign of how well an actor does his job if you can not imagine anyone else doing it instead --- think Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter , or Washington as Alonzo in Training Day . That is how good Gere was here.<br /><br />The rest of the cast were fine by me , too . I guess I would not have cast Danes in this role , mostly because I think she is too good - looking for it . But she actually does an excellent job , holding her own with a Gere in top form , which is no small feat . Strickland easily delivers the best supporting act , in a part that requires a considerable range from her . I actually think she owns the key scene with Gere and Danes , and that is quite an achievement.<br /><br />So what about the rest of the movie , apart from some excellent acting ? The story is perhaps not hugely surprising , some 8mm - ish aspects to it , but adding the " veteran breaks in rookie " storyline to the who - dunnit , and also ( like Silence of the Lambs ) adding a sense of urgency through trying to save the girl and the impending retirement of Gere 's character . All that is a backdrop to the development of the two main characters , as they help each other settle into their respective new stations in life . That 's a lot to accomplish in a 100 minutes , but it is done well , and we end up caring for the characters and what happens to them.<br /><br />Direction and photography were adequate . I could have done without the modern music - video camera movements and cutting , but then I am an old curmudgeon , and it really was n't all that bad , in fact I think it did help with the atmosphere of the movie , which as you might have guessed , by and large is n't a happy one.<br /><br />Worth seeing .
1 After Chicago , I was beginning to lose all respect for Richard Gere and then along came The Flock . There 's just so far a nice smile and a couple of stock facial gestures can get you , but he proved to me that he 's finally gotten hold of his craft and can act with the best of them . Clare Danes was also super as his " trainee / replacement " . Some have suggested there was too much unnecessary violence , but I do n't see it that way . Nothing I saw detracted from the power of this film . I was really shocked I had n't heard of it being released in theaters and came across it at Blockbuster instead . Really an exceptional film with just the right blend of action , suspense , thrills , and social consciousness . As good as 7even ? Well , maybe . And you 'll see better acting out of Gere than anyone 's ever gotten out of Pitt .
1 I did not have too much interest in watching The Flock . Andrew Lau co - directed the masterpiece trilogy of Infernal Affairs but he had been fired from The Flock and he had been replaced by an emergency director called Niels Mueller . I had the feeling that Lau had made a good film but it had not satisfied the study , so they fired him and hired another director . This usually does not work well ( let 's remember The Invasion).But The Flock resulted to be better than what I expected . It 's not a great film but it 's an interesting and entertaining thriller . The character development is very well done and I could know the characters very well . Also , the relationship between the two main characters is natural and credible . Richard Gere and Claire Danes bring competent performances . Now , let 's go to the negative points . One element which really bothered me ( there was a moment in which it irritated me ) was the excess of edition tricks to give the movie more " attitude " and style . That tricks feel out of place and their presence is arbitrary . Plus , I think the film should have been more ambitious . In spite of that , I recommend The Flock as a good thriller . It 's not memorable at all , but it 's entertaining .
1 I really like Richard Gere ... I always have and it seems as of late that his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has slipped but it would appear to me that the reason is that he is taking very mature , intense roles and has been very successful at it just not financially because I have seen him in some truly great gems as of late including The Hoax , The Hunting Party ( both must see films ! See my reviews ) and now this The Flock which apparently was meant to be a big release considering it 's substantial 35 million + budget . It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very , very harsh because I thought the film dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct , violent and disturbing way and Gere just brings it all home . It 's an action thriller drama that kept my glued to the Television with it 's story . I think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that it Hollywood - izes a very serious issue but I do n't think it does it with disrespect but rather tries to take a different spin to make people aware that this exists . In fact it 's much the same way that The Hunting Party dealt with war . Hong Kong director Wai - keung Lau did a decent job holding it together but I think the cast is what made it watchable.<br /><br />Richard Gere as you may have guessed from my previous comments is brilliant as a social worker of sorts Erroll Babbage who has kind of created his own style and laws when it comes to keeping track of his " Flock " who are registered violent sex offenders . He holds no punches in tracking these people , following them and making absolutely sure they do n't re - offend and if they do he 'll be the one to identify and stop them any way he can . Gere is so intense and looks drained from this job and he 's become violent and angry at watching these monsters loose on the street . He is just fantastic . Claire Danes is also terrific as Babbage 's new partner and his replacement who he has to train to do his job . Danes ' character is far more typical social worker and is a little taken aback by Babbage 's style and methods but slowly realizes what he is trying to accomplish and go up against . The two of them are brilliant together and have terrific chemistry with such vastly different characters . KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who appears to be torn from the headlines as she plays a character very reminiscent of Karla Homolka ( Paul Bernardo 's wife who is now out ) for those of you who follow Canadian serial killers . Her character goes a little over the top but she is convincing and horrifying all at once . Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland 's new boyfriend and he would have been better probably given a bigger role . Ray Wise , who is a terrific character actor ( check him out in Dead End as well as the amazing turn as Satan himself in the WB show Reaper ) and he gets a small but good role as the head of the Public Safety department and Babbage 's boss.<br /><br />The movie is n't perfect despite the terrific performances of it 's lead cast . It takes liberties by really trying to make the film more entertainment than educational but it 's just a different angle not unlike the Nicholas Cage dud 8MM . The Flock takes you into the underbelly of the sex trade , kidnapping , human trafficking and more and is just really something to watch . Perhaps it was n't directed or written as well as it could have been but I am telling you that Danes and Gere together make this movie completely watchable and a really great thriller . It 's disturbing but also something that is n't very complex and yet Gere 's character in many ways is intensely complex with many layers and also opens social stigma and makes you contemplate about vigilantism in many ways when you see the people Gere deals with . I encourage you all to ignore poor reviews and see it for yourself because it 's worth checking out ! ! 8.5/10
1 Gere and Danes star as 2 workers for the department of public safety who keep track of released sex offenders . Gere , who plays Babbage , refers to them as his flock . Gere is an over obsessed vigilante whom is on his way out . He is training , new comer Allison , to take over his job . Gere sees his flock as very sick , disturbed puppies . He asks them questions that are not on the list , and tries to act like the police and solve crimes . He keeps getting warned for this behavior , hence the reason he is being replaced . During his final few days on the job , a young girl goes missing , and Babbage is sure it is one of his flock whom has gone astray . Him and Allison narrow a list down and discover some of the offenders have gone AWOL . So , he decides that he needs to track the missing girl down rather than help the police . That part is a little far fetched.<br /><br />There is some sick , twisted stuff shown in this film . Like when Babbage and Allison go to this building where a bunch of sick people do disturbing things to each other . Also , there are the people who kidnapped the girl . At the end of the film , we see what sick freaks they are . However , I would n't call this movie excessive because not really much is shown on film.<br /><br />FINAL VERDICT : If you like thrillers and films about serial killers and cops chasing killers , then you will like this .
1 The Flock is unjustly maligned as a lesser " Se7en " ripoff . There 's really no reason to compare the two , except maybe for the similar scenery in the final showdown.<br /><br />Now that that 's out of the way I 'll go into why The Flock is very interesting in some respects . Mostly it 's a drama piece rather than a full blown thriller about a very vigilant social worker who monitors sexual offenders . At the very beginning you can clearly see his work has got the better of him . Evident in two scenes where first he 's interviewing an offender and slaps him around and second when a woman tries to pick him up and all he can think of are his standard questions from his questionnaire.<br /><br />Gere is very good as Errol Babbage , the aforementioned social worker . His way of performing his job is not unlike that of a police officer , he carries a gun and is constantly checking newspapers and supplies law officials with information if some of his " flock " may be responsible for a sexual crime . He 's also a person who 's lost all happiness of living and his only relief seems to come from exacting his own vigilante justice on his flock . Twice you see him smile , once when he 's apologizing for treating his partner rudely and the other after he 's beaten up a member of his flock.<br /><br />As a suspense flick , The Flock is n't as successful . Somewhat confusing and with some irritating plot holes but it does have a number of striking set pieces.<br /><br />Overall The Flock is a solid drama about a man performing a dehumanizing job and in the end he has to work hard to keep from being swallowed by the abyss he 's surrounded himself in . The world we live in is a pretty sick place and the further one can distance himself from the worst the happier that person is . The Flock gets that point across nicely .
1 I caught this movie late at night on cable , and I was pleasantly surprised . I can only imagine the reason this movie was not better known , is because the subject matter is very disturbing . But if you can handle the sexual abuse topic , it is a well acted , suspenseful and very interesting movie . Both Richard Gere and Claire Daines are very good in it . And although the subject matter is not for the faint of heart , the movie does n't go out of its way to be brutal either ( like 8 mm for instance).<br /><br />I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys serial killer and suspense type movies .
1 Erroll works for The Department of Public Safety and his job is to check up on sex offenders . Sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders . I do n't blame him but his boss is ready for him to retire so along comes Allison . Erroll is now training her to do his job and it 's like job shadowing . Allison is somewhat naive about the job in the beginning but she does n't realize how much danger she really is and it 's all Erroll 's fault . He starts to go to far with his obsession of finding a missing girl when his job is n't to be a police officer.<br /><br />It 's a fairly decent movie about a crazy guy who pushes the boundaries and works outside his " scope of practice . " Erroll did do a good job but at the sake of the safety of Allison . It has some good mystery to it too and just when I had it figured out , there was more to it .
1 All I can say is , first movie this season that got my attention . I picked it because of the actors , Gere and Claire , and the story looked promising .. I have just watched it and i can say - i 'm overwhelmed . There are shocking scenes , true .. but that 's what makes it more realistic . We should n't run away from our reality , these things are happening right this moment . And there are experts who are trying to change things and make things better and who get laughed out about their commitment to the cause . Actually I ca n't seem to feel the " Hollywood touch " in the movie .. and that 's what makes it better . Both Claire and Richard did a great roles , and deserve a 10 from me .
1 Hong Kong directors crossing over to Hollywood to make movies is nothing new , with the temporary exodus of the likes of Tsui Hark , John Woo , Ringo Lam in the 90s . From their collective output , only a few movies ( or may I say just one ? ) made an impact at the box office . The Andrew Lau and Alan Mak partnership has been a tour de force in recent HK cinematic history , especially with their now famous Infernal Affairs trilogy which was remade into Martin Scorsese 's The Departed , so it 's no surprise when Hollywood comes knocking on the door.<br /><br />But without fellow collaborator Mak , who usually has script / story duties , how did Lau fare with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell ? It 's like the X - Files without the X , in the way the story is crafted , the characters and the parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series . Richard Gere and Claire Danes pair up ala David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson , only that they do n't belong to any federal investigative agency who bear arms , but are employees of Protective Services , who 's chief role is to ensure that sexual predators who belong to their jurisdiction , are kept safe from society when they are released from having served time . Hence they are the shepherds tending to their flock , only that their flock suffer from sick sexual perversion with the propensity for violence.<br /><br />The parallels in characterization are so blatantly obvious , that it 's just a cosmetic touch up on the outside . Like Fox Mulder , Gere 's Erroll Babbage is a strange , lonely man , consumed by his obsession in his quest to doggedly harass his flock to tote the line . Pained by a failed attempt to rescue a missing child , just like how Mulder pines for his missing sister , Babbage is shunned by colleagues and given the marching orders disguised as a retirement plan . He has deep disgust for the people he 's monitoring , sick of their crimes and what they stand for , that he has no qualms in using unorthodox methods , short of flying off the handle while dishing out illegal , preemptive punishment . At the same time , he too has strong urges that he has to fight against , in order not to cross the line into becoming like those he loathes . As part of routine , he also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads toward his objective , that of seeking closure , salvation for himself , and possessing a strong belief that the truth is still out there , and he wants to believe.<br /><br />Danes ' Allison Lowry on the other hand , is the ingénue brought in to replace Babbage . But in the meantime while learning the ropes on the job for the next 18 days , she is required to spy on him , and to report his shenanigans , pretty much like what Dana Scully was tasked to do with Fox Mulder . As the disbeliever of pre - emptiveness and holding onto the notion that those discharged back to society have been cured of their temptations , she slowly starts to see what Babbage sees , and understands that it takes a whole lot more than being just a desk and administrative job if she truly wants to help people.<br /><br />And it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices , that we open all our eyes to , much like how 8 mm starring Nicolas Cage brought snuff films into the spotlight . It 's a decent investigative drama with the usual red herrings , and my , are they really good ones as it made you wonder quite often if your guesses are correct , and you soon find yourself firing from the hip as you get proved incorrect at alarming frequency , though I do n't credit this to a tight narrative , but more from the sprawling number of characters ( watch out for Avril Lavigne 's cameo ) and sub plots . The scene in the darkened ware / shophouse was akin to Se7en 's David Mills and William Somerset when they raided John Doe 's apartment and find plenty of bizarreness inside , though here , given the subject nature , it was n't lingered upon much.<br /><br />Apparently , The Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak 's cinematography was good enough , despite its very strange style of having no style , utilizing almost every trick in the book to try and recreate feelings of watching another Se7en , only that this was deeply steeped in tinges of brown , rather than the doom and gloom of black . It does take a little while to get used to this , and I put this effect as one which actually distracts from what is happening in the story . Not a really good move though , with somewhat frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks.<br /><br />But The Flock still makes decent entertainment , though X - philes out there would probably find it hard not to picture their favourite actors in the lead roles , given so much similarities in character . Gere and Danes do put forth some chemistry as the old fogey ( heh ) and his protégé , and while it 's not exactly great , Andrew Lau did manage to pull off something enjoyable .
1 This is the first review I 've wrote for IMDb so bare with me , but I caught this flick on HBO and was sure glad I watched it . Richard Gere is great in this film as the passionate agent / detective who bends the rules to get the job done . I think the story is great , and there 's never a dull scene that slows the pace of the movie down . Some parts of the movie which have to do with demented sex addicts are pretty shocking , but if you 've ever seen a crime film like Se7en , you 'll be able to stomach the scenes just fine . < br /><br />So all in all , if you 're looking for a good detective / suspense movie , ignore the low rating this movie got on IMDb and definitely watch it .
1 STAR RATING : * * * * * Saturday Night * * * * Friday Night * * * Friday Morning * * Sunday Night * Monday Morning < br /><br />A notably bad actor , getting by on his ( now fading ) looks rather than any strong dramatic talent , Richard Gere has always occupied a rather curious position in the American Hollywood scene , always a sure bet in leading man roles who still holds a notable presence today . But nowadays he seems to have settled more into these sort of direct to DVD / limited release roles and as such maybe seems to be more settled in his forte now.<br /><br />He has to draw on some stern matter here as hardened , cynical case worker Earl Babbage , one such worker assigned to a few hundred sex offenders in one area of the US , who along with his new protégé Allison Allthrop ( Claire Danes ) must take to his latest case , delving into the abduction of a young woman while trying to forgive himself for a case he failed on ages ago.<br /><br />This is a certain dive into the darker side of humanity , treading on material definitely not for the squeamish or those looking for light viewing . And as such it 's a pretty strong , compelling film , unflinching and not constrained by it 's direct to DVD budget . The only thing really pulling it back is the overly used jittery , fast cutting camera sequences used in the more dramatic moments that look a bit corny after a while . But it 's still some of the solidest material I 've seen Gere in , relentlessly getting darker and more over the edge as it goes on . * * *
1 Since their nasty divorce from the Disney Company ( with Disney keeping the Miramax brand ) the Weinstein Company seems to specialize in above average movies which are then under - promoted and seen by few . THE FLOCK is a prime example.<br /><br />A story about the civil servants who have the nasty job of keeping track of registered sex offenders , this picture will tell you more about sex criminals than an entire season of Law and Order - SVU.<br /><br />Richard Gere gives his best - ever performance as the soft - spoken agent worn - out by the task . Claire Danes for once has the opportunity to get into a solid role ( instead of the junk she normally gets stuck in ) and she makes the most of playing the novice . The cinematography , pacing , editing , all of it is first rate --- and I saw no trace of the attention - deficit - disorder camera jump - around or excess camera cuts that others complained about . The subject is handled with restraint , but it 's still a tough subject and might make you sick.<br /><br />Fifty years ago there was almost no problem with the kinds of sex crimes herein shown in abundance which will shock even the jaded . Then came the Supreme Court decisions which simultaneously tied police hands as the " rights " of sex perverts were opened up and America was turned into a shopper 's paradise for sexual perversity , both willing and unwilling . Each such step was met with praise by Liberals , who celebrated the Warren Court 's ill deeds with glossy covers on Time and Newsweek . Everyday liberals also praised the Court 's action and mocked those who disagree . In 2007 how many Americans know that the kind of pornography that depicts savage violence and torture of young women -- can be subscribed to , and delivery of it is subsidized by the discount periodicals rate by the US Post Office . Just one part of the problem -- a problem that can tare anyone 's family to shreds.<br /><br />Richard Gere is a Liberal , but he gives his best in his performance here . Perhaps in his maturing age he 's gained a measure of wisdom .
1 Its a shame she did n't get screen credit , she by far did the best job in the film has the girl on the cross , best part of the movie .She had much more impact than Avril , or just about anyone else in the film . She almost made S / M look like fun ! She really was believable has the S / M model that gets scared of her situation . Although they seem to really have messed up that sort of dreamy feeling of looking for the bad guy , Those sets were very well built but they just sort of skimmed the surface of what was shot . This is one film were both cuts should be made available . It seems they left out a lot of what was shot , and almost all of the really dark stuff that would have made the film much more demented . Its kind of like they stopped short of the mark they were going for during filming . What was shot would not have gotten a R rating probably a NC-17 or X , but that is what it would have needed to make the film they way it should have been .
1 I saw this important intense film tonight . Its Richard Gere and Claire 's Dane 's most important and best work . Gere deserves an Oscar for his fine portrayal of a man being forced into early retirement as a sex offender registrar administrator . Claire Danes is riveting as the woman Gere handpicks to replace him - a woman he tries to teach all he can while investigating one final case in which Gere 's character is convinced one of those he is charged to monitor may be holding a young girl hostage . The subject matter is shocking , sex offenders and those who monitor them , but this film will not soon be forgotten . I know I will be haunted by Gere 's portrayal for a very long time . Not since Anthony Hopkins portrayal of a serial killer has a screen portrayal terrified and so engaged me . The film opens with a shocking statistic so do n't miss the opening credits . Intense and memorable . Richard Gere 's finest role proving the man can act . Danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film.<br /><br />This is a gutsy film and Gere gives a multi - layered deeply felt performance . Just give him the Oscar now ... he deserves it !
1 If you want your vision of Chaplin limited to a lovable tramp and you get your belly laughs from pathos , watch something else . If , however , you love slapstick comedy as performed by one of the best , do watch this one.<br /><br />The image is of the tramp who really can not get the girl . He spots another couple kissing on a park bench , and he has a blast ruining their fun.<br /><br />This is one of Chaplin 's " park comedies , " filmed in Mack Sennett 's park , with pickpockets and cops and couples . These shorts work , as the format allows Chaplin to shine as he weaves through predicaments.<br /><br />I checked the box , as this could be considered a spoiler , though it 's not if you 've seen these films . Everyone ends up in the pond except Chaplin . He gets the girl , who in this case was played by Minta Durfee , a.k.a . Mrs. Roscoe " Fatty " Arbuckle .
1 If you were a director that was looking to cast female victims for a slasher movie , then surely it would make sense to add a couple of porn stars ? It 's not as if they 're inexperienced in front of the camera , they have no qualms with the requisite nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you name ? Christian Viel obviously recognized the potential of mixing hardcore actresses with hard - gore effects and so he cast four of adult cinema 's sexiest and most notorious stars . Jenna Jameson , Chasey Lain , Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes all turn up for cameos in arguably the most intriguing slasher flick to be released since Scream Reinvigorated the genre.<br /><br />Samhain was originally intended for a cinema release in October 2002 - thus keeping in check with the Halloween - based synopsis . Unfortunately , the shoot was plagued by numerous problems , which have thus prevented the feature from achieving the exposure that it deserves . Last I heard it had been signed by Film 2000 here in the UK and was penned for a late October release direct to DVD . Unfortunately that label has got a peerlessly abysmal track record with DTV slashers . Not content with polluting our shelves with Camp Blood and its follow up , they were also responsible for unleashing Granny , Bleed and the rancid Paranoid . Could Samhain finally be worthwhile ammunition to their contemptible catalogue cannon ? < br /><br />Five Canadian / American students and their teacher head to Southern Ireland as part of their history course . Upon arrival they are told the legend of a cannibalistic clan that roamed the hills of Scotland and murdered locals for food . The cannibals were eventually caught and burnt at the stake , but it 's rumored that one of the tribe escaped and headed to the woodland of Ireland to find refuge . After the kids have settled and begun doing what all massacre - fodder does in these flicks , the mandatory goody two - shoes ( and definite heroine candidate ) begins to be spooked by a shadow creeping around late at night . Could it be that the flesh hungry maniac is still at large in the Forest ? Well what do you think … ? < br /><br />It looks as if Samhain 's production was jinxed right from the start . Almost immediately Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson 's nude make - up shots , and Chasey Lain began acting characteristically like a drugged - out primadonna . Finally to add insult to injury , the producers got cold feet just before the flick was about to hit shelves and began talking of re - editing and removing all the gore . Reports have said that they were unhappy about the copious amounts of violence and they wanted to trim scenes down so it would achieve an R rating . Veil of course disagreed , seeing how his entire synopsis was boosted by its creatively graphic display . Eventually after months of arguments , the director parted company with Warehouse productions and the feature was once again locked in the vaults.<br /><br />Despite countless disruptions , Veil 's slasher opus is still one of the best genre pieces to be released since the new millennium . The copy I was sent was the pre - release screener , which was obviously a test press without sound effects or the complete soundtrack . But still it boasted a few credible jump - scares , some superb cinematography and a couple of the goriest set pieces that I 've seen for some time . One guy is disemboweled via his rectum before being strangled with his own intestine , Jenna Jameson is stripped naked and gutted in unflinching close up and Chasey Lain ends up ' spilling her guts ' after an unfortunate rescue attempt from her boyfriend ( Richard Grieco ) . Even though the murders are uncommonly gruesome , Samhain never feels mean spirited , which is basically due to the characters being thinly portrayed as basic slasher clichés . In all honesty the script was perhaps the movies biggest downfall , because the dialogue was not so much inspired by Wes Craven 's Scream movies as it was flagrantly cut and pasted from them.<br /><br />Certainly the inclusion of the mouth - watering Jenna Jameson was a great move by the producers . Her fans will be excited to know that she does whip off her top ( as expected ) and so does Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes . But Samhain is no soft porn movie , and it benefits from sticking to the structure that it set out to produce . It 's worth noting that the aforementioned XXX stars almost out - perform the supposed ' actors ' of the feature , which is n't much of a complement . Ginger Lynn was at least notable ( if you ignore the shameful ' Oirish accent ) , and her battle with the hulking killer was superbly performed and choreographed by Alan Chou . Taylor and Jenna delivered expectedly poor dramatics , which could have been caused by the numerous problems on - set . Veil 's direction of the cinematography was excellently constructed and he provides some much - needed injections of suspense . Exciting and crisp photography is mixed with a good flair for storytelling and the net result is a slasher extravaganza to satisfy even the most critical gore hounds.<br /><br />It will be interesting to see what kind of final cut is released of Samhain . Rumor has it that a second director was drafted in to shoot a different ending , and I 'm curious as to how much of the explicit gore will remain intact for worldwide distribution . If the end result is only half as good as the rough print that I watched , then it 's still better than nearly all of the genre pieces that have been unleashed over the past ten years . This one is certainly worth checking out …
1 This film Evil Breed : The legend of samhain contains very little thought or effort . It is ridiculed with specs of ultra fast " slasher " style death and plain disgusting acts of death . The acting was rated a D as the actors show very little ability , and the stupidity of them in the film is too questionable . The way they portrayed what people their ages act like was incredibly different . The odd split of porn is fit in thought it really does n't offer much , and any area that is respectable but is quite quickly run down with absolute gut wrenching death . Example is the poor fellow whom is disemboweled from his anus , and the scene lasts for about 5 minutes . It is terribly obvious of how little of a fight the kids put up . This film is a good choice for someone who likes to watch some awful deaths and practically torture .
1 A bunch of American students and their tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland in order to study ancient religious practices . Despite being repeatedly warned about the dangers of straying off the beaten path ( by the local creepy Irish guy , natch ) , they do just that , and wind up with their insides on the outside courtesy of a family of inbred cannibals ( the descendants of the infamous Sawney Bean clan , who according to the film 's silly plot , upped sticks from Scotland and settled on the Emerald Isle).<br /><br />If you think that porn stars plus low budget horror automatically equals tons of nudity and terrible acting , then think again : Evil Breed is bristling with adult stars , but in fact , there 's not nearly as much nudity as one might expect given the ' talent ' involved , and the acting , although far from Oscar worthy , ai n't all that bad ( with the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen , who we know can do marvellous ' French ' , but whose Irish is lousy).<br /><br />Evil Breed opens in superb style with the brutal slaughter of a couple of amorous campers : after some brief under - canvas sex , the silicone enhanced hottie is dragged from the tent and torn in half ; the guy has his arms and legs cut off and is roasted on a spit . It 's a very gory start , and bodes well for the rest of the film.<br /><br />Unfortunately , after this promising beginning , things start to go seriously downhill : we are introduced to the main characters , an annoying bunch of twenty - somethings just begging to become cannibal chow , and are subjected to a fair amount of time wasting in the form of some terrible false scares , a lot of blarney about murderous druids from local Irish weirdo Gary ( Simon Peacock ) , and worst of all , some sub - Scream , post - modernistic conversation about the conventions of horror films ( how clever!).<br /><br />Then , just as it looks as though the film is never going to get any better , director Christian Viel decides to get serious : a guy gets a knife rammed through his head and there 's a gratuitous sex - in - the - shower scene featuring lovely blonde Gillian Leigh ( NOT a porn star , but I 'm sure there 's a career there waiting if she wants it ) . After that , things improve rapidly as the cannibals kick into top flesh - eating gear , and the film is transformed into a veritable bloodbath : Gary has a machete rammed up his ass ( about time ! ) , and is strangled with his intestines ; Ginger Lynn kick - boxes a mutant ; Jenna Jameson is torn open , eviscerated and has her silicone breast implant gnawed on by confused cannibal ; a guy gets decapitated by cheese wire ; and Taylor Hayes is seen bloody , bruised and naked with a dead foetus between her legs ( apparantly , she 's been captured and used as breeding stock).<br /><br />All of this is so outrageously gory that it makes sitting through the less interesting stuff worthwhile , and earns Evil Breed a final rating of 7/10.<br /><br />NB . A very troubled production and studio meddling resulted in Christian Viel eventually abandoning the project . Re - shoots were done and the gore was heavily trimmed for a US release . The good news is that although the film does n't flow as well as it might have , and is cursed with a terrible ending , the UK DVD ( the version I watched ) seems to have been left relatively intact as far as the splatter is concerned ( only 13s were cut from the film in total ) .
1 I do n't watch much porn , but I love porn stars . And I love gory movies . So when I heard about a porn - star gore movie , I was really excited . Of course , that was years ago and when I heard about all the trouble with making and finishing the movie , I never thought I 'd actually get to see it . But I did and I 'm not ashamed to admit I loved it , even with all its flaws.<br /><br />First , the flaws . The story is set in Ireland and is called Samhain , but the story it seemed to want to tell is about the Sawney Beane clan from Scotland . So why not just set it there and skip the third - grade report about Samhain / Irish immigrants / Halloween ? Also , it breaks its own rules by stating that you 're safe on the trails , but then the cannibal mutants just start running amok everywhere . It 's never clear how many cannibals we 're dealing with . There 's a big stone castle that 's obviously ancient , yet no one 's noticed it before . The self - conscious horror film references are annoying and so are the characters . The heroine has a flashback montage of all her dead friends that include a character she NEVER MET . The ending makes no sense.<br /><br />So what works ? The gore ! Sure I would have liked more , but it was refreshing to see such a nasty movie that was n't afraid to be nothing more than a gore movie . Two murders are waay over the top and Taylor Hayes has a nice disgusting scene . The two wild murders are even given extended shots on the DVD . I 've always been of the mind that gore can overcome a stupid story and Evil Breed reinforced that .
1 Honestly , I was expecting to HATE this one , and really only checked it out because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I got a kick out of EVIL BREED . A group of college kids and their teacher go on a " field trip " to Ireland . Their lodgings are located near the woods where it is rumored that strange things happen and tourists often disappear without a trace . The group of post - teens is warned by the property 's caretaker not to venture into the woods - but being the stupid B - movie characters that they are - of course they pay no attention and pay for their mistake one - by - one ... First off , there is plenty wrong with EVIL BREED . The acting / dialog is pretty weak , and my major gripe is that a film that has Jenna Jameson , Chasey Lain , Ginger Lynn , and Taylor Hayes should have FAR more gratuitous nudity than was on display here - and Jenna 's role in this production is grossly over - hyped , as she has a combined total of about 2 minutes of screen time . Even less with Chasey , and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst Irish accent ever . Also the last scene of the film makes absolutely no sense and feels like it 's thrown in just to end the film . Those gripes aside - there is some good stuff as well . Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both dispatched early on , with Greico 's nude torso ending up on a roasting spit and Chasey 's guts hanging out from being torn in half ( though how she ends up this way is n't shown on - screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes . The other kill scenes are pretty inventive , including Jenna 's forced breast implant removal , a guy getting his colon pulled out through his ass , a knife through the face , and a few other notables . The implant and colon scenes also have uncut versions that are on the special features and it 's a shame the producers made them chop 'em , so to speak . Also the film moves along at a pretty good clip once it gets moving so you do n't really have too much time to be bored . The " creature " FX are also done competently which definitely helps . Overall , EVIL BREED was not NEARLY as bad as I expected . This one , along with SATAN 'S LITTLE HELPER have ALMOST renewed my interest in American low - budget straight - to - video films . I usually steer clear of them as a whole , but these two have been decent enough to give me some faith . EVIL BREED is no masterpiece , but it is a decent way to blow 90 minutes - might not hurt to suck on a bottle of cheap bourbon while you 're at it - I know I was , and I 'm sure it did n't hurt the experience . 7.5/10
1 Just got through watching this version of " Samhain " , and even though I still like it , it 's nothing like the " rough cut " version I have . If you check the message board , you 'll see an apology from the director for this cut down version , 79 minutes . , and he says he had nothing to do with this R - rated trimmed down edit with a completely new screwed up ending . Christian really does n't need to distant himself that much , because the basic gore elements still stand up , even though highly trimmed down . This is a damn shame , because this had the potential of being one of the goriest and best gore films in years . It still has the porn stars , and the inbreds , and some of the extreme gore can at least be partially seen . I 'm just glad I have that " rough cut " , because to me , it 's a jewel for any gorehounds library . Christian Viel definitely has the skill and vision to deliver the goods , and hopefully his next project will be better produced . The idiots had a near classic in their hands , and screwed it up for everybody . " Samhain " may be one of the most controversial and mishandled horror movies ever , and too bad gorehounds did n't get to see what the director intended.<br /><br / > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Just so you know what you missed , this is my review based upon the " work print " of SAMHAIN.<br /><br />The movie runs a little over 90 minutes and has no chapter stops . There is absolutely NO music soundtrack , and some of the scenes have no audio on the dialog , because I think they are meant to be looped in later . However , most of the movie does have audio with sound affects , and when an effect or scene is missing , a message appears as a cue for insertion when the movie is completed . It 's exactly as it says , a " Rough Cut " , BUT the only uncut version of " Samhain " you are ever likely to see . Reason , because the gore is extremely graphic , much more than even an NC-17 would allow . Yes there are a few porn stars , but they are just there for the killing , and to add a little sugar and spice . The story is pretty standard , American tourists on a vacation in Ireland and end up staying in a home in the middle of the woods . An area that is heavy on folklore , involving the ancient Druids and the celebration of Samhain , or as we call it Halloween . ( spooky)<br /><br />The movie starts off with a HUGE dose of gore , as a camping couple is attacked by one of the local inbred mutants . This is a great gore scene , as the guy find his girl hanging from a cliff , with her crying for help . All he sees is her head , arms , and shoulders hanging in front of him and when he pulls her up , she has been completely sliced in two . This is what I would call EXTREME GORE , with entrails , blood , and severed limbs all over the place . We are in Herschell Gordon Lewis territory here folks , except the effects look much more realistic . I 'm going to just skip the story , because it 's your standard stalk and kill plot.<br /><br />The next gore scene is something to behold , as the boyfriend from the first killing is taken to a cave like location ( TCM-2 stuff ) , and bound to a table . This geek then cuts all of his limbs off ( off camera , with a cue to insert a scene ) , and then we see his torso on a barbecue pit , turning slowly over a fire , and the torso has a hard - on ( if you can believe that ) . Yes , very bad taste , gross , gruesome , you find the right word , and it will probably fit too.<br /><br />Then later Jenna Jameson , her beautiful body and all , is cut from neck to crotch , and all her entrails are pulled out in graphic glee , and her blood drains into a pot . Yummy , a real turn on huh?<br /><br />But the best gore scene happens inside the house , and I have to admit , this is one of the best gore scenes I have seen . This guy ( does n't matter who ) is caught from behind from a geek , and cut open at the ass hole . The geek then puts his hands in and rips out all the guys entrails , intestines , and what the hell ever else there is , right from his asshole . This goes on FOREVER , as the guy is screaming and more and more innards are pulled out laying all over the bathroom floor . This is so extreme , so over the top , that I found myself laughing all to hell . Obviously , you will NEVER EVER see this scene on a proper DVD , IMO , along with most of the other really extreme gore scenes.<br /><br />So , what to think of all of this . Well , first of all , even though I doubt this movie would ever be released in this totally uncut presentation , it makes this " Rough Cut " a rare jewel for gorehounds . Yes , it 's a little difficult at first , with no soundtrack , a few scenes to still be inserted , and credits that have missing names all over the place . But that 's what makes this so unique , and I would n't trade it for anything right now . Extreme gore , yes yes , extreme extreme gore . This makes " Haute Tension " look like a Disney movie .
1 The Human Tornado is a campy 70 's Blaxploitation movie starring nightclub comedian Rudy Ray Moore in perhaps his most endearing role to date . The movie tells the tale of Dolemite , a bad ass pimpin ' hustler who gets on the wrong side of a white , racist sheriff by sleeping with his wife . Dolemite barely escapes , and journeys to sunny California to visit an old friend , a nightclub owner ( and Madam to Dolemite 's ' ladies ' ) named Queen Bee . However , it seems that a rival nightclub owner with Mob connections is trying to muscle in on her racket , so Dolemite takes matters into his own hands . Rudy Ray Moore showcases many diverse talents in this landmark film , including strong dramatic skills , a mastery of Kung Fu , an impressive singing voice ( he provides two of the songs on the soundtrack ) , a touching , compassionate side with the ladies , and an overall compelling charisma and keen sense of comic timing . This film has it all , people : A deep plot , blistering action , laugh - a - minute comedy , beautiful women in distress , a slam - bang ending ... what more could you ask from a movie ? Run , do n't walk , to your local video store and rent The Human Tornado today . And be sure to share it with your family .
1 Rudy does it again with this hot off the streets follow up to Dolemite . This entry is filled with the requisite Rudy Ray Moore raunch , humor and martial arts . Rudy eludes a crazy red - neck sheriff in this movie that also features an infamous scene where Rudy dives down a steep hill . See it for laughs and for a brain - blasting hit of Blaxploitation magic .
1 Not only is this a great African - American classic comedy , but one of many great American cult classics . I have recently purchased the collection edition of Rudy Ray Moore . If you love the old school karate movies and black comedies , this is for you ! They do n't make movies like these anymore . My entire family are movie buffs , so this site is an extreme help on solving many debates . I am deployed in Iraq right now . This helps me to stay connected to world that I know in the states . Thank you IMDb . I recommend this site to all my friends . Dolemite rules ! Do n't just take my word for it , check them out for yourself . Ten lines is a lot for commenting on one movie I think , but if it gets the point across , I 'm all for it !
1 What can be said about Mr. Moore ? He 's the godfather of rap , he 's the king of the Z - level blaxploitation flicks , and here , he is back as his most famous character , Dolemite ! Can you dig it ? This movie is one whacked - out roller - coaster ride of politically incorrect humor , trippy kung - fu , nudity , cheese , violence , and a whole lot of other stuff you 'd never find in most modern movies ( or any movies , really , haha ! ) . The stand - up routine he gives early on is not to be missed ! At any rate , D2 is definitely an entertaining way to waste an hour or so . Dolemite : " He think he 's bad and ai n't got no class ! I 'm gon ' rock this shotgun up his * beep * a * * ! "
1 This movie completely ran laps around the original Dolemite . It had everything that makes a movie great .. except for real actors . ( Ernie Hudson could n't do it alone and you KNOW that ! LOL ) I admit that I have killed my first video tape of this movie and I plan to buy the DVD version again as soon as possible ! This movie has so many catchy lines it 's pitiful ! I am embarrassed to say that I know the theme song backwards and forwards ! I love Jimmy Lynch 's character to death , and he should have won the Best Supporting Actor Award in Blaxploitation , but the Oscars were NEVER ready for this ! This is a random film consisting of Crooked Cops , Breasts , Chases , Bad Editing , and of course martial arts . ( Being that it 's the 70 's and I can say everyone knew some kind of martial arts ) . I think this movie should be restored and shown one night in the midst of a marathon in local theaters !
1 Human Tornado ( 1976 ) is in many ways a better film than it 's predecessor . The director knew what he had to work with and catered towards Rudy Ray Moore 's limitations as an actor . It 's a fun movie that 's more technically sound and acted . The performers do n't take themselves too seriously and it seems that this time around everyone is on the joke and goes with the flow . Rudy Ray Moore seems more relaxed in front of the camera and not as stiff like he was in Dolemite.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film very much and I highly recommend it . Just like his first film , it 's catered towards a certain audience ( I highly doubt that Mr. Moore was trying to broaden his audience at this point in his career ) . Check it out!<br /><br />Highjly recommended .
1 As a lover of bad movies , I definitely hit paydirt with this one . The plot is n't really that bad , but there are a few instances where you really have to ask yourself " what the heck is going on here?" < br /><br />There are many many things that make this the funniest bad movie ever . First off , Rudy Ray Moore had gotten so fat and slow when this movie was filmed that the special effects consist of speeding up the fight scenes to double time . There are also scenes where there is a slow - motion instant replay , jumping onto a ten foot high wall ( by playing falling off of it backwards ) , naked men walking out of huge letters , and sex that literally brings down the roof ( with the cable holding up the roof catching on fire).<br /><br />Of course , no Rudy Ray Moore movie would be complete without a completely gratuitous and random comedy club scene where Rudy makes fun of all the customers , interposed with people doing some odd dance . There are so many things bad about this movie , but they 're bad in an entertaining way , and if you take your eyes off the movie , you might miss another mistake.<br /><br />Rating : 1/10 for actual value , 10/10 for cheese factor , 10/10 for picking out mistakes and goofs , averages out to 7/10 .
1 This is one of my favourite martial arts movies from Hong Kong . It is one of John Woo 's earliest films and one of only a few traditional martial arts movies he directed . You can see his influences from working under Chang Cheh in this film . The action is good , the fight choreography is conducted by Fong Hak On who appears as one of the bad guys in the movie . It stars Wei Pei of " Five Venoms " fame and a whole host of faces familiar to fans of Golden Harvest and Shaw Brothers productions . The story line is interesting , there are a few decent plot twists and the build up of the characters and their relationships with each other is cleverly done . This film has only had a VHS release in the UK . Media Asia have released a region 3 DVD and there are versions of it on DVD available from the USA . The film is lovely to watch in either it 's original language or in it 's English dubbed version . I highly recommend this movie .
1 The sword fighting was out of this world , the fights scenes spectacular without the flying on a wire techniques ( until the end ) that are way too common today . The scene with Chan and Pray was probably the highlight of the movie . The characters in the assault on the bad guys mansion were cliché but the movie is comfortable with it . An injection of humour from Woo.<br /><br />The plot with it 's twists and turns was unpredictable and exciting and you could n't tell who was good or bad or which side people were on . < br /><br />A good sense of suspense and well timed surprises . The depth of the story is quite intense for a flighty film of this genre and reaches you in ways most kung - fu flicks do n't .
1 I am a kung fu fan , but not a Woo fan . I have no interest in gangster movies filled with over - the - top gun - play . Now , martial arts ; * that 's * beautiful ! And John Woo surprised me here by producing a highly entertaining kung fu movie , which almost has * too much * fighting , if such a thing is possible ! This is good stuff.<br /><br />Many of the fight scenes are very good ( and some of them are less good ) , and the main characters are amusing and likable . The bad guys are a bit too unbelievably evil , but entertaining none the less . You got ta see the Sleeping Wizard ! ! He can only fight when he 's asleep - it 's hysterical!<br /><br />Upon repeated viewings , however , Last Hurrah For Chivalry can tend to get a little boring and long - winded , also especially because many of the fight scenes are actually not that good . Hence , I rate it " only " a 7 out of 10 . But it really is almost an " 8".<br /><br />All in all one of the better kung fu movies , made smack - dab in the heart of kung fu cinema 's prime . All the really good kung fu movies are from the mid- to late 1970ies , with some notable exceptions from the late ' 60ies and early ' 70ies ( and early ' 80ies , to be fair ) .
1 Scott is right . The best 2 person sword duel ever put on film is in the middle of this movie . The sword fights with multiple fighters are not the best although quite good . However , the fight in the middle is the best even compared to Japanese samurai movies . Chinese swordplay scenes in my opinion have never surpassed the Japanese in terms of entertainment value . Especially in scenes where one guy must battle a group of enemies , Japanese movies excel , example being the Lone Wolf and Cub series . Even though duels in Japanese cinema last only seconds or a minute at the most , the sheer intensity of those moments made them better . But , this is one example where Chinese swordplay surpasses the Japanese . The scene in the middle of this film was a five minute long fight with the most amazing choreography ever . The other fights in this movie are good too but even if they sucked this movie would get a 7 for that one scene . If you have n't seen it , you have to . John Woo is the man .
1 The pros of this film are the astonishing fighting scenes - absolutely incredible sword - moves and martial art show off . A true John Woo masterpiece . The story tends to be a bit week though , but it never overshadows the overwhelming display of acrobatic martial art action . If you are into martial art movies , you are going to LOVE this one !
1 Another Woo 's masterpiece!<br /><br />This is a best wuxie film i 'm ever seen ! Woo - RULEZ forever ( except some Hollywood moments ... ) . John Woo - greater director of the century.<br /><br />Maybe hi is not more intellectual than lot of Big Directors ... But he is lyrical and spiritual idol of all free - mind people ! < br /><br />His movies like the great poetry ! Woo is a Movie Sheakspeare ! Woo is a Movie Biron ! Woo is a Mozart of Bloodshet!!!!<br /><br />IMHO violent in Woo films is not a directors bloodlust , but a instrument of art . Themes of Woo movies is more humanistic that more of the new films .
1 Steven Spielberg produced , wrote , came up with ideas for and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories , so naturally this would have to be the greatest anthology ever right ? Unfortunately wrong . Some episodes are just fantastic , but all too often it was a mixed bag . In fact , that might have been it 's downfall is it was way too mixed . Some episodes were light comedies , some were dramas , some were horror , and one was even animated , which made this a similar , but not as good 80s version of the Twilight Zone ( which also was around).<br /><br />Normally I 'd like having a mixture of stories in an anthology show , but they just did n't fully work here . Some of the more fantastical dramatic episodes felt like they would be better being shown late on night on the Lifetime network , like the episode " Ghost Train " , which was directed by Spielberg himself . In that episode , it gave the message of hope , and gave us a fantasy story , but overall it was just a build up to the ending which did n't blow me away anyways . The horror episodes tended to work better than the drama , but there were far more dramatic ones , and they grow tiring to watch . Acting wise , this anthology got some big stars , similar to the original Twilight Zone . Kevin Costner , Kiefer Sutherland , Milton Berle , Dom Deluise , Harvey Keitel , Beau Bridges , Charlie Sheen , Forrest Whitaker , Tim Robbins , John Lithgow , Rhea Perlman , Danny Devito , Patrick Swayze , Christopher Lloyd , June Lockhart , Kathy Baker , Weird Al Yankovich and many other well knowns have been in episodes of the show . It 's fun to see well known actors in almost every episode of the series . Great directors have also had part in episodes including Spielberg himself , Clint Eastwood , Burt Reynolds , Bob Clark , Joe Dante , Mick Garris , Paul Bartel , Joe Dante , Robert Zemeckis , Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese . I 'd actually recommend this more to fans of the directors and/or the 80s than anyone else.<br /><br />Amazing Stories was sometimes amazing , usually good , occasionally mediocre , and every once in a while a real stinker came out . But , this show has nostalgic value to me , and it 's sort of fun to sit on boring afternoons and watch some episodes . John Williams ' theme music for the show is sure to be caught in anyone 's head who watches this , too.<br /><br />My rating : Good show . 30 mins . per episode . TVPG
1 This series was just like what you would expect from Mr . Spielberg . It is truly one of those frighting , funny , childish shows that you wo n't forget . Just like Outer Limits ( another great show ) this little series does what not a lot can . It was great , and deserved to run longer . It was a great show , that even kids could watch , though some of the shows were a little scary when they wanted to be , but all of them always had a moral at the end ( like the Twilight Zone ) that made you realize what situation you did n't want to end up in , or ones that you did . I remember watching some of these on Sci - fi when I was 10 , and even now , I still enjoy seeing them when I can . Truly a fun , imaginative show . I loved it , and still do .
1 I was delighted to finally see the release of Amazing Stories the first season on DVD . I had forgotten just what a stellar cast of actors and directors worked on this series . For the longest time the only way you got to see this remarkable series was with the VHS 2 or 3 episode collections or when Sci - Fi would re - run the episodes . However , when Sci - Fi would host the re - runs , they generally stuck to the same episodes . There were a few outstanding episodes in Season One like The Mission that they did n't repeat . Does anyone know exactly how long this series ran ? It says 1985 to 1987 at the top here at IMDb but I thought it ran longer than two years . If you loved the Twilight Zone , Night Gallery and Outer Limits , you will love this series and you will not be disappointed with your purchase .
1 I have watched this movie well over 100 - 200 times , and I love it each and every time I watched it . Yes , it can be very corny but it is also very funny and enjoyable . The camp shown in the movie is a real camp that I actually attended for 7 years and is portrayed as camp really is , a great place to spend the summer . Everyone who has ever gone to camp , wanted to go to camp , or has sent a child to camp should see this movie because it 'll bring back wonderful memories for you and for your kids .
1 Deeply humorous yet honest comedy about a bunch of grownups ( Bill Paxton , Julie Warner , Kevin Pollak , Elizabeth Perkins , Vincent Spano , Matt Craven , and Diane Lane ) who are invited back to spend a week to Tomawka , a camp in ( Ontario ) Canada by their former consuelor ( Alan Arkin ) . Writer / director Mike Binder drew upon his experience at the same camp as the main source of creating a gentle and understanding yarn that makes sense . Also , the movie has plenty of funny moments , some of which are completely bizarre like my favorite , the one involves using masking tape . Newton Thomas Sigel ( " The Usual Suspects " , " Three Kings " ) provides the film with some impressive shots of the Canadian wilderness . Among the cast , Sam Raimi , director of " THE EVIL DEAD " films and " The Gift " , appears here as Arkin 's bumbling right - hand man . One more thing , this film reassured me that a camp does n't have to be a site of bloody murders .
1 < br /><br />This movie is by far one of my favorites . I saw it while in college in the early 90 's , and while I could n't identify with the thirtysomethings in the film , I felt that the story , characters , and movie in general were top notch . To the people who spoke negatively of Indian Summer , feel free to stick to your overblown Armageddon - type movies and leave the movies with a great , wholesome story to those who can appreciate them .
1 A quiet , sweet and beutifully nostalgic movie on how it is to be confronted with old friends and surroundings from your youth with all that memories and the problems and sorrows of the present with you . A movie that makes you feel good . All the ingredients are here : old jelousy , rivalry , friendship and loyalty . Mischief , nightly fridge - raids and all the other fun stuff that we all remember from our summer camps . All the characters get the opportunity for a week to experience this again as the old camp - leader now is retiring and want to meet the children from the golden years of the camp . All of them are now in their thirties and in the middle of their careers .
1 I thoroughly enjoyed this film overall , but four things really stand out : Sam Raimi 's perfect comic timing and performance as the camp handy(?)man , Alan Arkin 's wonderful characterisation of the camp owner , and best of all , the cinematography . The beautiful golden tones of the exterior scenes draws me into the film like a sunset at the lakeshore draws me into my own summer memories.<br /><br />The dialog and mood feel very natural and believable . Some reviewers criticise the lack of a more " profound " script . To me , it is exactly that lack that makes this film work . The characters and their problems seem real and because of that , I care about what happens to them.<br /><br />The bottom line is that all the parts come together to create a whole that feels right .
1 There is this private campground in Plymouth , Massachusetts , that 's been around since 1959 . My grandparents were among its founders , my parents had a site starting in 1965 , and my two brothers have sites there now.<br /><br />(This does n't have anything directly to do with the movie ; bear with me . ) < br /><br />I spent summers at Blueberry Hill from when I was five years old to when I was eighteen , and it is to people like me to whom this film speaks : the ones for whom a group camp in the woods was , as my fiancée tells of me , " the good and happy place . " If you 've never experienced the lifestyle , Indian Summer will probably be lost on you ; do n't bother . It 's not quick - paced , it does n't have rapid cuts , the plots are n't in the least bit convoluted , it has no explosions , such dramatic tension as exists is mild , there are n't any A - list actors , there are no rapid - fire quips just to show off how clever the scriptwriters are ( other than , perhaps , Kimberley Williams ' killer line about how her fiancé should n't " overwind his toys . " That is not the least degree what this movie is about , any more than The Godfather is a slasher flick just because it has a lot of on screen gore.<br /><br />But Indian Summer is Godfather 's polar opposite . If you have experienced the lifestyle , see this movie . Do n't read any more , just do it.<br /><br />For me , this is a 9/10 film .
1 Indian Summer is a warm , multi - character film , that would make a fine afternoon film ( with a bit of editing).<br /><br />The film begins in the past with a group of children being shown a moose , which sets the tone perfectly before cutting into the present , when a group of adults from the " golden age " of the camp are invited back again to spend a few weeks holiday by the head of the camp , Uncle Lou . The film then allows the viewer to spend time with these characters as they remember their times at the camp , and form new memories in their latest stay.<br /><br />The film succeeds in the great way it brings across its characters in this gorgeous setting , and allows them room to develop without having to worry about plot developments . Watching these people reminisce , and their relationships with each other is what the film is all about and why it works so well . It never goes to over the top and melodramatic , always keeping its warmth , charm and realism . I 've never seen a film where nostalgia is captured so well , and found myself getting drawn in despite never having been to one of these camps as a child myself.<br /><br />For a warm , nostalgic character movie , I sincerely recommend .
1 Before Tuscan Sky , I saw Diane Lane 's tender performance in this otherwise lark of a movie . Campers are invited to the camp of their youth and experience it as adults . Each of those that return seem to be looking for something they lost , which makes it so realistic . Maybe you had to be a camper to really get it , but in the words of one character noticing all her clothes were wet " this is so camp ! " From the practical jokes and fighting over boyfriends , to the scary lunch lady and the early morning bell ... it 's amp . Once exciting activities now seem mundane . A terrific ensemble cast makes the best of one - two dimensional roles and makes them believable . Bill Paxton , Diane , Elizabeth , Mrs. Brad Paisley ( probably when he first fell for her ! ! ) The beautiful scenery , bright colors , comical music ( including variations of Hello Muddah)and a comic acting turn by noted director Sam Raimi makes this a movie you can pull out again and again like looking up an old friend .
1 I watched this last night after not having seen it for several years . It really is a fun little film , with a bunch of faces you did n't know were in it . Arkin shines as always . Check it out ; you wo n't be dissappointed . By the way , it was just released on DVD and contrary to its packaging , it IS widescreen . The transfer is rather poor , but at least the WHOLE movie is visible . ;-)
1 A must see movie for anyone who ever went to camp , or wanted to . This film captures the absolute essence of what summer camp is all about . It is funny , it is compassionate it makes you want to watch more about the characters once the credits begin to role . If you have not seen this movie .. what are you doing ? get off you butt and run the video store . Have a great summer :)
1 A great ensemble cast ! A fond remembrance of younger carefree days . This movie takes me back to when I went to summer camp . Indian Summer , while full of practical jokes and pranks , is about growing up and coming to terms with life with middle - age life . My family & I thoroughly enjoyed this movie .
1 I swear I could watch this movie every weekend of my life and never get sick of it ! Every aspect of human emotion is captured so magically by the acting , the script , the direction , and the general feeling of this movie . It 's been a long time since I saw a movie that actually made me choke from laughter , reflect from sadness , and feel each intended feeling that comes through in this most excellent work ! We need MORE MOVIES like this ! ! ! Mike Binder : are you listening ? ? ?
1 Rarely do I see a film that I am totally engrossed with ; this was one of them . It had good acting , dialogue , plot , and the scenery was beautiful . I laughed out loud many times , especially the scene dealing with the kitchen raid . The slapstick comedy performed by the lunkhead hired hand had me one the floor , but I admit that I am a sucker for slapstick . The story dealt with a group of people in their 30 's coming back to a summer camp that they had attended 20 years previously . It was a farewell week of camping , as the place would be closed down permanently at the end of the season . As adults the camp looked different , and they felt differently about it and each other . I recommend this funny , moving movie to all.<br /><br / >
1 Indian Summer is a good film . It made me feel good and I thought the cast was exceptional . How about Sam Raimi playing the camp buffoon . I thought his scenes were very funny in a Buster Keaton - like performance . Solid directing and nice cinematography .
1 If I could go back , even as an adult and relive the days of my Summer 's spent at camp ... I would be there so fast . The Camps I went to were n't even this great . They were in Texas where the mosquitoes actually carry people off but we had horses and fishing . The movie cinematography was astounding , the characters funny and believable especially Perkins , Pollack and Arkin . Sam Raimi 's character and sub - antics were priceless . So who ever thought this movie was lame ... I have deep pity for because they ca n't suspend their disbelief long enough to imagine camp life again as an adult or they never went as kids . The whole point was that these people had an opportunity to regress and become juvenile again and so they did at every opportunity . I wish I could . It was funny , intelligent , beautifully scripted , brilliantly cast and the artistry takes me back so I want to watch it over and over just for the scenery even . Sorta like Dances with Wolves and LadyHawk ... good movies but the wilderness becomes a character as much as the actors . Rent it , see it , buy it and watch it over and over and over ... never gets old . ; 0 )
1 I rented this movie when it came out on video tape and really enjoyed it . I had the opportunity to purchase it on DVD a few weeks ago and have watched it several times since . I would have to agree with others when they said Indian Summer was nostalgic film . When I watch it I wish that I could be 10 - 14 again . I think that is why we all like the movie to some extent . We all at times wish that we could relive our lives as children with the wisdom / knowledge of adults . Would n't it be nice to have all your friends / parents be young again ? To not have to worry about your job , being a parent etc ... ? ? ? I know that I would like to jump into a De Lorean and go back in time . While I enjoyed the film very much my all time favorite camp film though is Meatballs with Bill Murray . I wish that they could make an Indian Summer version of that .
1 I saw the last five or ten minutes of this film back in 1998 or 1999 one night when I was channel - surfing before going to bed , and really liked what I saw . Since then I 've been on the lookout , scouring TV listings , flipping through DVD / VHS racks at stores , but did n't find a copy until recently when I found out some Internet stores sold it . Then , being a world - class procrastinator , I still did n't order it . Finally , I found a DVD copy in a Circuit City while visiting Portland , OR , a few weeks ago . Then it only took me about a month after returning home before sitting down and watching it.<br /><br />So , what do I think about the film ? It 's good . Not as good as I remembered and hoped for , but still well worth the $ 9.99 it cost me . After seeing the whole film for the first time I rate it as a 7/10 , with potential to become an 8/10 . I 'll have to be less sleepy then , and have a better sound system to avoid rewinding to catch some dialogue .
1 I am a sucker for films like this . Films that take you back and let you relive your childhood . I 'm a grown up now and have many grown up responsibilities like a mortgage , kids , dogs , a wife and a slew of others . I enjoy my life but it is not as innocent and carefree like it was when I was twelve . Mike Binder 's Indian Summer knows this and explores this like he was twelve years old . It brings you back to a time when life was simpler and much more fun . It brings you back to a time when worrying about your first kiss and wondering if you could finish the camp marathon were important issues . Indian Summer is a fantastic film and it is one that should be watched at least once a year just so you can sit back and laugh ... and reminisce.<br /><br />The film stars Kevin Pollak , Bill Paxton , Diane Lane and Matt Craven ( to name a few ) as childhood friends that are being summoned back to Camp Tamakwa by their former Head Camp Counsellor , Uncle Lou . Uncle Lou is played perfectly by Alan Arkin . He is kind of guy who is the patriarch of the group . He is also all knowing and encompasses the true spirit of a father figure and someone who understands the simple things in life . He has a hard time relating to today 's kids that need a walkman blaring in their ears when they are at a place of immense beauty like Tamakwa . This is a camp that has moose wandering through the camp , leaves turning colours that God gave them and water for as far as the eye can see . Uncle Lou yearns for the days of old and asks his former campers back to the camp to see one of them will take over the camp . While they are all together again , we get to see their trials and tribulations and perhaps a new love could spring between them.<br /><br />As the adults return to the camp , it is n't long before they act like kids again as the typical camp pranks get played all over again . They take toilet paper out of the stalls , the put toothpaste on sleeping bags and so on . All of this is done hilariously and with actors like Pollak and Paxton , it is all very funny stuff.<br /><br />But beyond the hilarity , we get to explore some very real adult emotion that anyone can relate to . In one of my favourite scenes , Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins are overlooking a bay where they used to go canoing as kids . Pollak ca n't get over how small it all looks and Perkins finally tells him that the bay did n't get smaller , they just got bigger . It does n't hammer the point home , but it does it subtly . We all grow up , we all move on and we all unfortunately ca n't live like we did 20 years ago . The more things change , the more they stay the same.<br /><br />Indian Summer is a character driven film and it is written beautifully by Mike Binder who actually did attend Camp Camp Tamakwa , ( as did Sam Raimi , who played Stick in the film ) and it is his fond and vivid memories of his experiences that fuel the film . There are many touching scenes and there are many hilarious ones also . Both are perfect.<br /><br />I love this film . I love everything about it and it is a true hidden gem.<br /><br />10/10
1 I have to say the worst part of the movie was the first half hour . I was really confused about who was who . For example , Bill Paxson 's character had long hair and was wearing a jacket . Then , when all the males arrived at camp , it turned out there was a character who looked like Bill Paxson , but was n't . I said where 's Bill Paxson ? Then , there was a guy with his girlfriend . He said she was 21 . This was supposed to be a 20-year reunion of the camp director 's ( Alan Arkin ) most memorable . Later on , this same girl was interacting and talking about her camp experiences . That made no sense . She would have been one years old . That said , the movie turned out to be pretty good . Kevin Pollak was the nice guy who was always being teased . One guy was a complete narcissist , and ended up losing his beautiful girlfriend . Alan Arkin was interesting as an old - style camp director , who admits that he has grown out of touch with modern youth . The best part was that none of the grown - up campers were successes in life . None of them had very great careers . This seemed very real life . The movie was compared to The Big Chill . In some ways it was n't as exciting as the Big Chill , but it was a lot more realistic . So , even though the beginning is not promising , the movie ended up turning into a pretty good one .
1 Indian Summer ! It was very nostalgic for me . I found it funny , heartwarming , and absolutely loved it ! Anyone who went to camp as a kid and wishes at times they could go back to the " good Ole ' days " for a brief time really needs to see this one ! It starts out as 20 years later , a group of old campers returns for a " reunion " . I wo n't comment on the plot anymore cause you have to see it for yourself . The actors were great , and it contains an all star cast . Everyone in it played a terrific role . You actually felt like you were a part of the movie watching it . Alan Arkin was especially good in his role as Uncle Lou . He plays the kind of guy that everyone wishes they had in their lives . This is also a good family movie for the most part . I would suggest this one to anybody in a heartbeat ! HIGHLY Recommended !
1 This ensemble piece about adults who return to the formulative Summer camp of their youth was a very quiet entrant and exiter to the cinemas in the Autumn of 1993 . I 'd say that was a shame , but then again , some of the better movies ARE quiet releases that do n't get much hype or praise.<br /><br />Diane LAne , Kevin Pollack , Elizabeth Perkins , Vincent Spano , Julie Warner , Bill Paxton , Kimberly Williams , Matt Craven and Alan Arkin(who is painfully good here ) are the group of actors who flesh out these roles as people who have grown old with good , bad and funny memories of summers gone past . This film covers the gambit of emotions , mostly pleasant , and the film never hammers away at the viewer to feel what the characters are feeling , preferring to allow the viewer to enter into the memories on their own . Since I am a movie viewer who bristles at bluntly , brazen manipulation in films , this is something that I appreciate from writer / director Mike Binder.<br /><br />This film 's a great cheap rent , a good main rent and even a pretty sit in a theater flick . You might run across this on TV , and I would definitely suggest a look - see .
1 I attended Camp Chesapeake . It was located at the head of the Chesapeake bay on the North East River in MD . It was a similar type summer camp with cabins . It was established by the Coatesville , PA YMCA . I started out as a young camper and later became a Junior , Senior counselor and later , the Waterfront director . If the camp had continued , I would have done anything within my power to become the camp director . Alas the powers of the YMCA decided to close down the camp and sell it to the state of MD . I visited the former camp some years later by boat and was dismayed by the neglect of the state of MD and natural destruction by mother nature . The 350 acre site served so many with all the benefits of contact with natures offerings . A black man by the name of Curtis Ford , and his family were residents and caretakers of the property . Mr Curtis was my friend and mentor . I idolized his every being . Even as he could not swim he was a waterman . If I asked him where the fish were biting , he would designate the spot , and I would have a ball . Ther was also a Family camp at the end of the summer . These memories will be with me for eternity .
1 An unusual take on time travel : instead of traveling to Earth 's past , the main trio get stuck in the past history of another planet . They beam down to this planet , whose sun is scheduled to go nova in 3 or 4 hours ( that 's cutting it close ! ) . In some kind of futuristic library , they meet Mr. Atoz ( A to Z , get it ? ha - ha ) and his duplicates . It turns out , instead of escaping their planet 's destruction via space travel , the usual way , the inhabitants have all escaped into their planet 's various past time eras . Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on their way after they make a selection ( check out the discs we see here , another Trek prognostication of CDs and DVDs ! ) . When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine ( the Atavachron - what - sis ) , gallant Kirk hears a woman 's scream and runs into the planet 's version of Earth 's 17th century , where he gets into a sword fight and is arrested for witchery . There 's an eccentric but good performance here by the actress playing a female of ill repute in this time , using phrasing of the time ( " ... you 're a bully fine coo .. Witch ! Witch ! They 'll burn ye ... ! " ) . Spock & McCoy follow Kirk , but end up in an ice age , 5000 years earlier.<br /><br />Kirk manages to get back to the library first . The real story here is Spock 's reversion to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors , the warlike Vulcans of 5000 years ago . This does n't really make sense , except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change ( even so , Spock & McCoy were n't ' prepared ' by Atoz - oh , well ; it also seems to me Spock was affected by the transition almost immediately - he mentions being from ' millions of light years ' away , instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a gross error for a logical Vulcan ) . In any case , Spock really shows his nasty side here - forget " Day of the Dove " and remember " This Side of Paradise " - McCoy quickly finds out that his Vulcan buddy will not stand for any of his usual baiting and nearly gets his face rearranged . Spock also gets it on with Zarabeth , a comely female who had been exiled to this cold past as punishment ( a couple of Trek novels were written about Spock 's son , the result of this union ) . All these scenes are eye - openers , a reminder of just how much Spock conceals or holds in . It 's also ironic that , only a few episodes earlier ( " Requiem for Methuselah " ) , McCoy was pointing out to Spock how he would never know the pain of love - and now all this happens . Kirk , meanwhile , tussles with the elderly Atoz , who insists that Kirk head back to some past era ( " You are evidently a suicidal maniac " - great stuff from actor Wolfe , last seen in " Bread and Circuses " ) . It all works out in the end , but , like I mentioned earlier , they cut it very close . A neat little Trek adventure , with a definite cosmic slant .
1 The penultimate episode of Star Trek 's third season is excellent and a highlight of the much maligned final season . Essentially , Spock , McCoy and Kirk beam down to Sarpeidon to find the planet 's population completely missing except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz , the librarian . All 3 Trek characters soon accidentally walk into a time travel machine into different periods of Sarpeidon 's past . Spock gives a convincing performance as an Ice Age Vulcan who falls in love for Zarabeth while Kirk reprises his unhappy experience with time travel -- see the ' City on the Edge of Forever'--when he is accused of witchcraft and jailed before escaping and finding the doorway back in time to Sarpeidon 's present . In the end , all 3 Trek characters are saved mere minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpeidon goes supernova . The Enterprise warps away just as the star explodes.<br /><br />Ironically , as William Shatner notes in his book " Star Trek Memories , " this show was the source of some dispute since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no reason was given in Lisette 's script for the reason why Spock was behaving in such an emotional way . Nimoy relayed his misgivings here directly to the show 's executive producer , Fred Freiberger , that Vulcans were n't supposed to fall in love . ( p.272 ) However , Freiberger reasoned , the ice age setting allowed Spock to experience emotions since this was a time when Vulcans still had not evolved into their completely logical present state . This was a great example of improvisation on Freiberger 's part to save a script which was far above average for this particular episode . While Shatner notes that the decline in script quality for the third season hurt Spock artistically since his character was forced to bray like a donkey in " Plato 's Stepchildren , " play music with Hippies in " the Way to Eden " or sometimes display emotion , the script here was more believable . Spock 's acting here was excellent as Freiberger candidly admitted to Shatner . ( p.272 ) The only obvious plot hole is the fact that since both Spock and McCoy travelled thousands of years back in time , McCoy too should have reverted to a more primitive human state , not just Spock . But this is a forgivable error considering the poor quality of many other season 3 shows , the brilliant Spock / McCoy performance and the originality of this script . Who could have imagined that the present inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape their doomed planet 's fate by travelling into their past ? This is certainly what we came to expect from the best of ' Classic Trek'--a genuinely inspired story . < br /><br />Shatner , in ' Memories ' , named some of his best " unusual and high quality shows " of season 3 as The Enterprise Incident , Day of the Dove , Is there in Truth no Beauty , The Tholian Web , And the children Shall Lead and The Paradise Syndrome . ( p.273 ) While my personal opinion is that ' And the children Shall Lead ' is a very poor episode while ' Is there in Truth no Beauty ' is problematic , " All Our Yesterdays " certainly belongs on the list of top season three Star Trek TOS films . I give a 9 out of 10 for ' All Our Yesterdays . '
1 Kirk and crew land on a lonely planet where the sun is about to explode . They intend to evacuate the inhabitants but find the place deserted except for a Mr. Atoz who operates some sort of high - tech library . Despite trying to get a straight answer from him about everyone 's whereabouts , Atoz is indifferent to their questions and insist they must quickly ' make a selection while there is still time ' . They have no idea what he 's talking about but wander about looking at the hand mirror - like disks on the viewers and they see images of the planet 's past . Then , while a disk is in the viewer , Kirk runs through the doorway and is magically transported back in time to what on Earth would look like the time of Louis XIV ( the 1660s ) . When McCoy and Spock follow , a different disk is in the viewer and they are sent to an ice age hell . All too late they realize that the library is a time travel machine and repository.<br /><br />While Kirk 's visit is pretty short and not all that exciting , Spock and McCoy 's is much more eventful , as Spock falls head over heels for Mariette Hartley -- who was sent to this awful place as a punishment . The scenes with Spock are exceptionally interesting and very atypical of the normally logical guy.<br /><br />Spock 's departure from the norm , the wildly inventive script and very diverse locales make this an exceptional episode -- one well worth seeing.<br /><br />FYI -- Ian Wolfe , the excellent character actor , played Mr. Atoz . I am a huge fan of older films and have seen him as a supporting and bit player in countless films in the 30s and 40s and he looked almost exactly like he did in this episode from 1969 . Interestingly enough , despite looking ancient , he lived on another 23 years -- dying at over 95 years of age ! !
1 Dr. McCoy and Mr. Spock find themselves trapped in a planet 's past Ice Age , while Capt . Kirk is in the same planet 's colonial period . However , it 's the former pair that has the most trying time . Besides the freezing temperatures and sanctuary to be found only in caves , there is a third inhabitant , the beautiful and so sexy Zarabeth ( Mariette Hartley ) . As Spock spends more time in this era , he slowly begins to revert to the behavioral patterns of his ancestors , feeling a natural attraction to Zarabeth and throwing " caution to the wind " about ever leaving this place . Only with Dr. McCoy 's constant " reminders " does Spock hold on to some grasp of reality.<br /><br />This stand as one of the few times when the character gets to show some " emotion " and Nimoy ( Spock ) plays it to the hilt , coming close to knocking the bejesus out of Deforest Kelly ( McCoy ) . Surprising to previous installment , Captain Kirk ( William Shatner ) was n't allowed to get the girl , another plus for this one.<br /><br />Perennial " old man " Ian Wolfe assays the role of " Mr. Atoz , " the librarian responsible for sending the trio into the past .
1 This is certainly one of my all time fav episodes of Trek . There is just so much going on in this one film that its crazy cool . First the guys beam down to an alien planet that s about to explode . They meet a freaky librarian type dude ( very well played ) . Then Kirk manages to get himself transported back to what is very much like 16th century earth . McCoy and Spock try to follow but instead nearly freeze to death on the frozen version of the alien world 100,000 years in the past . Kirk manages to get himself locked up and charged with witchcraft while Spock enjoys some amok time with a sexy cavegirl who was vanquished to the this frozen , awful world by some bad guy.<br /><br />Spock decides he s happy where he s at and gives McCoy a royal assestment whuppin ' when the doc suggests they need to look for a way out . Anyhow , they all finally escape , leaving the poor cavegirl behind . It takes a ton of convincing before Spock finally gives in and leaves . You can literally taste the sadness at the end . Leaving the cavegirl all alone in her frozen wasteland just seems cruel and is really touching . Spock must have been out of his vulkin ' mind to leave behind his greatest hope for love and being human . Albeit , in a not so nice neighborhood!<br /><br />Anyway , you just get so much bang for your buck with this episode .... A love story , the Salem witch trials , Spock as a human , the desperation of being left in total isolation ... abandoned , and three entirely different settings on the alien planet . Its amazing they managed to jam all this into one fifty minute film . This one is a classic , do n't miss it .... I want it on DVD fer shure vulcans ! ! ! ! ! !
1 There 's something compelling and strangely believable about this episode . From the very beginning , an atmosphere of tension is created by the knowledge that a certain planet is going to explode within a few hours . Kirk , Spock and McCoy have beamed down to evacuate the inhabitants , all of whom seem to have left already for parts unknown , except for an elderly librarian.<br /><br />The librarian 's polite but cryptic advice about where all the citizens have gone to is interrupted by a crisis in which all three Enterprise crew members find themselves unexpectedly hurled into different eras of the planet 's past . Kirk finds himself in a time period resembling 17th Century England , while Spock and McCoy are stranded in a desolate , frozen waste . < br /><br />The intercutting between the two stories , and the different hazardous situations the men find themselves in is superbly handled , with return to the present an unknown chance , while the minutes are counting down to the planet 's explosion . < br /><br />Imaginative writing and fine acting characterize this episode , with a touching performance by Mariette Hartley as a woman exiled to the Ice Age , and Ian Wolfe as the urbane Librarian . Somewhat reminiscent of the classic episode City On The Edge of Forever , this time travel story is a rich and compelling finale to the series , which concluded one episode later . This has to be one of the best of the whole series , especially remarkable given the generally lesser quality of the third season overall .
1 The next - to - last episode aired of the original Star Trek series is an interesting , sometimes melancholy installment that proves the show was still exploring its characters even at this point in the third season ; though flawed , ' All Our Yesterdays ' has its moments and overall a moody , compelling feel to it . Kirk , Spock , and McCoy beam down to a planet , assuming they are arriving in the nick of time to save or at least give some warning to whatever populace is there , since the planet 's sun is due to explode within hours . But as it turns out , the people there are all too aware of the planet 's fate , and using a kind of time travel device , have escaped into the past . Each person has been able to choose the time and place in the past where he or she would like to live at a ' library , ' run by an elderly man named Mr. Atoz . Atoz assumes the three men are looking for a past to live in as well , and shows them various periods from which they can choose on viewers . There is some rather forced confusion at the start of the episode , with lines like:<br /><br />McCoy- Where did they go ? Atoz- Wherever they wanted to.<br /><br />The misunderstanding could be cleared up rather easily , but for plot purposes , it is n't , and soon Kirk finds himself transported back to a period resembling 18th Century England , while Spock and McCoy are sent to an ice age , 5000 years in the planet 's past . From here , the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled to this time by a tyrant as punishment . Spock begins acting increasingly emotional , showing anger toward McCoy and deep affection for Zarabeth , the woman . He eventually realizes that he is reverting back to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan , 5000 years ago . Kirk makes his way back to the library first , and finally convinces Mr. Atoz they do n't belong in his planet 's history . Spock and McCoy return just before it 's too late , leaving Zarabeth behind ; the Enterprise beams the three up and speeds away as the sun explodes , destroying the planet . The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides this episode 's most memorable moments , though Kirk 's adventure into the ' English ' past is amusing . All in all , a very decent latter - day Star Trek outing .
1 I agree with many of the negative reviews posted here , for reasons I will go into later on . But this miniseries is powerful and convincing because the talented cast really captures the dark truth of Hitler 's world.<br /><br />Peter Stormare is perfect as Ernst Rohm , the brutal Brownshirt leader . Each scene he has with Hitler is explosive ! Hitler is so evil he dominates everyone but the thuggish , primitive Rohm -- and he clearly digs Rohm for just that reason . The interplay between Stormare and Carlisle illuminates the way Hitler relished Rohm 's brutality , but later sacrificed him for political reasons.<br /><br />Jena Malone turns in a heartrending performance as Geli Raubal , Hitler 's doomed niece and the victim of his unspeakable perversions . Without revealing any of the sexual filth directly , Jena Malone plays out all the horror of the slow extinction of a young girl 's spirit . She uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horror that will be visited on millions in the years to come . And she 's brilliant ! Zoe Telford very nearly matches Jena Malone with her portrayal of Eva Braun . Eva is clearly sick , cruel and heartless -- but at the same time almost pitiably dependent on her Adolph 's twisted tenderness . The aborted lovemaking scene between them ( hinting at the spine tingling truth of Hitler 's enormous self - loathing ) is both chilling and erotic.<br /><br />Liev Schrieber gives a deliciously weasel - like performance as Putzi Hanfstaengel , the spineless man - about - town who is seduced by Hitler 's promises of wealth and power . While a brute like Rohm simply loves the idea of crushing skulls under his boots , Schrieber 's character is one of many Germans who abhors Nazi violence but ca n't resist the quick and easy route to money and power . His weak - willed fawning over Hitler soon loses him the respect of his wife , played with style and sensuality by the stunning and regal Julianna Margulies . They provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal.<br /><br />These performances carry the mini series along , easily overcoming occasional weaknesses in the script . There is one exception . Regrettably , Matthew Modine 's acting chops just are n't up to snuff . His noble lunk - haid journalist ruins every scene he has -- the viewer can hardly wait for Rohm 's brown - shirts to stomp that smug , righteous look off his ignorant , corn - pone low - rent Hollywood golden boy face . But the story still works.<br /><br />Now in regard to the factual inaccuracies of the script -- Hitler 's perversions and cruelty are rendered in a vibrant , compelling drama . But the battlefield record of Corporal Hitler is badly distorted . As if afraid the audience ca n't handle the idea of evil and courage in the same person , the writers make Hitler look like a whining coward who " begged " for an Iron Cross . As if anyone in the Kaiser 's Army could get a medal just by whining about it ! The movie makes it look as if Hitler were a coward in the trenches , when he was a fearless soldier . They also suggest his comrades despised him , when in reality he was widely admired by officers and enlisted men alike . The depressing thing is that the mini - series succeeds so well in representing Hitler as a monster in honest ways -- but they just could n't resist the cheap shot.<br /><br />All in all , however , Hitler : RISE OF EVIL is a soaring success highlighted by powerful performances .
1 " Hitler : The Rise of Evil " was shrouded in controversy before it ever aired , and that controversy may obscure the accomplishment of the film.<br /><br />Those who criticzed the film , which they had n't seen , did so with good intentions , based on the misguided thought that it would be overly sympathetic to Hitler . However , they misunderstood the point : to humanize the evil Hitler is not sympathize with him . It is far more disturbing to realize that the unspeakable acts committed by one of history 's greatest villains were committed by a human being . A sick , diseased maniac , to be sure , but a human being nonetheless . It is necessary to know the story of how Hitler was able to come to power to prevent it from happening again.<br /><br />"Rise of Evil " is highlighted by a brilliant , career best performance from Robert Carlyle , who makes Hitler a human being without ever redeeming him in any way . Carlyle flawlessly captures the look and mannerisms of the Nazi leader , while never letting the impersonation become cartoonish or distance us ( something Anthony Hopkins was not quite able to accomplish when he portrayed Hitler in " The Bunker " , another very good made - for - television film ) . While were are repulsed by Hitler 's depravity and virulent ant - Semitism , Carlyle gives him a certain magnetism and power the real Adolf Hitler must have possesed . After all , while else would a nation have followed him?<br /><br />Of the various subplots , by far the most compelling features Matthew Modine as reporter Fritz Gehrlich , who makes it his life 's work to draw attention to the reality of of Hitler and Nazism . While Modine 's performance is a little stilted in part 1 , by part 2 he seems to have settled in , the character gives us a real - life hero in a film full of villains . Peter Stormare and Liev Schrieber also give strong support.<br /><br />Part 1 of this two - part mini series suffered a little bit from being overly choppy , including a look at Hitler 's childhood which lasts only the duration of the opening credits . And in part 2 , sections detailing Hitler 's relationship 's with his niece , and his mistress Eva Braun , are less successful than the central plot , but do serve to give us further insight into his mental and emotional state.<br /><br />Ultimately , no film about Hitler can make us understand him . The average person is , thankfully , incapable of ever understanding a man who would try to exterminate an entire race of people . " Hitler : The Rise of Evil " tries less to make us understand Hitler , and more to make us understand how he came to be power . It is an important story that must be told , and it is impossible to believe anyone who has seen the film would accuse it of having anything but the best of intentions , and the capability of doing anything but good.<br /><br />9 out of 10 . * * * 1/2
1 As an amateur historian of WW2/Nazi Germany , I could n't wait for this to come out on DVD . I missed it when it was first on in 2003 . I do n't want to repeat what 's already been said in the previous 8 pages of comments about the historical inaccuracies . A better job could 've been done portraying the " charming " Hitler . I also had a small problem with some of the casting choices , not so much for their acting , but for their appearances . Peter Stormare does n't look much like Rohm , why did n't they make Babson as Hess wear a wig ? And my biggest complaint .. so much has always been made of Hitler 's striking blue eyes , why did n't they make Carlyle wear blue contacts ? On the plus side , I thought the actors who played Goring and Drexler looked pretty good . Again , as long as people watching this understand that this is supposed to be entertainment 1st , history 2nd I do n't think a lot of harm will be done .
1 In Christian Duguay 's movie , Hitler : The Rise of Evil , Hitler 's early years in life and politics is shown in a successful way with some minor historical errors and some exaggeration . It is quite natural for a Hollywood movie to contain such things as the main purpose of production is the income that they will get from the movie . Even though such errors may disappoint some members of the audience who believes that everything should be done by the book , I believe that most of them fits well with the rest of the movie , making it more interesting . We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary . Who cares how did his dog died anyway.<br /><br />Throughout the movie , Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure that gets angry very easily and is very passionate about his ideals . But he was not portrayed as a super - villain but more like an ambitious politician . I believe that this is a nice perspective as the movie is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions and this made the movie somewhat objective . Yes he was a little mad , and his methods were rough but he was still a human not a totally insane figure as portrayed in " Inglorious Bastards " . I believe it made the movie more realistic even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts.<br /><br />The flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators . Even though the movie 's focus was around Hitler we also had chance to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions via newspapers , discussions of people and the songs in a Jewish cabaret . Also society 's reaction was also reflected to movie but it was very limited . Struggles of journalist Fritz Gerlich and ironic plays that are played in the cabaret was amusing and interesting but that was all . Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him.<br /><br />Another thing that was missing in the movie is information about the origins of his hatred for Jews . In the beginning of the movie , some ideas about this is given but they were quite superficial . All of a sudden he was a politician who is giving speeches about necessity of extermination of Jews.<br /><br />In conclusion , Hitler : The Rise of Evil can not be considered as an excellent movie that everyone will like but it is not unsatisfactory at all . If you can stand directors that change history for cash , it is an interesting movie reflecting Hitler 's personality in a successful way .
1 " Hitler , the rise of Evil " is clearly produced by people emotionally unburdened by the horrors of World War 2 . Which makes watching a refreshing experience.<br /><br />I think its greatest value lies in its crystal clear revealing of the Nazi - mechanism . Of the utterly corrupt ways Hitler used to make it to the top . Having arrived there , this film ends.<br /><br />When on top , the ' Fuhrer ' (= German for ' leader ' ) led his Germany to the biggest & most devastating war in history of mankind . Ending six years later in Germany 's utter defeat . As a result , Germany lost its eastern provinces (= about 35 % of its prewar soil ) , and was forced to accept a 44 year - split of its remaining territory . Both West and East Germany had to be rebuilt from scrap , their reputations severely damaged by the many Nazi - atrocities inspired by racism.<br /><br />As I said , " Hitler , the rise of Evil " makes an good watch . Set in an acceptable thirties - environment , with ( more than ) competent acting . In particular Peter O'Toole 's role as the aged president von Hindenburg stands out , even adds an extra dimension.<br /><br />My copy of " Hitler , the rise of Evil " also provides a second DVD with two good documentary films . One is about Hitler 's personality , the second deals with the forgery of the Hitler - diaries . In 1983 this forgery caused a hilarious scandal in England and Germany , damaging the reputations of several historians and journalists .
1 There is no greater disservice to do to history than to misrepresent it . This takes the easiest and most shallow route , simply portraying him as a monster . Only showing his negative sides , and exaggerating them . " Those who are ignorant of the past doom us to repeat it " . He was a human being . That may prove tough to some people to accept , but an important part of life is facing that which we do n't want to . Rather than demonizing the man , we ought to try to understand him . Otherwise , we stand little chance of preventing anyone similar in the future , or possibly even the present , from succeeding at anything of remotely comparable scope , as far as damage and misery goes . Hate him and what he did , do n't make him into something mythical , intentionally or otherwise . Frankly , far too much of this mini - series could play " dumb dumb * duuum * ! " after or during scenes . The whole thing nods , nudges and winks at the audience , with a clear message of " was this guy evil or what " , incorporating every single bad trait(as well as making up several that go directly against who and what he was ) , letting them appear more or less out of nowhere , and having them be constant throughout his life , not something he came to believe or claimed to . This should never be used to educate . Use Der Untergang(Downfall , in English ) , and maybe point out the few inaccuracies of that , instead . This , this is disrespectful to the actual events that took place , and to any and all survivors , not to mention those who died . The cinematic quality ? Top - notch . It 's well - done , through and through , excellent production values , a solid arc to the well - told plot , what characterization does occur is strong and credible , dialog and script are great , all acting performances are masterful(Carlyle looks and behaves the role ... as it was written ... perfectly ) , the music is well - composed , cinematography and editing are flawless and creative , and this is definitely dramatic , entertaining and riveting . They get dates and many occurrences , and do them justice . If I had been offered to work on this , and did not feel I could be objective enough to have Hitler appear as a fully fleshed - out person , I would have declined , citing that as the reason . I do n't blame anyone for loathing him . How can you forgive what he did , and are we sure that we should ? That is not what I am suggesting . Finally , let me point out that , as I write this , we are in a world - wide economic crisis that has lasted for about two years , and that is not terribly dissimilar to the stock market crash of 1929 . The two reasons it has n't led to a depression of the new millennium are as follows : governments are giving money to the banks to keep the market going , and the majority of the countries is now friendly towards one another . Apart from that , the lesson had n't been learned . Hopefully , it has now . Back to this ... my suggestion ? Read a book , non - fiction , dealing with the subject . There are plenty of informative , smart ones . The DVD holds a trailer . I recommend this only to those who know better , and vehemently urge anyone who has watched it , to seek out the truth . 8/10
1 Even though Ian Kershaw distanced himself from this project due to inaccuracies in regards to Hitler 's life and yes , this is dramatised , but essential . Robert Carlyle plays Hitler during his later years , during this documentary that only deals with Hitler from boyhood until he became Chancellor of Germany , including The Night of the Long Knives . This TV - film ( also a two - part mini - series ) shows how a series of factors allowed Hitler to come to power , e.g. the financial disaster of 1930.<br /><br />The series follows Hitler and little else , apart from the lives of Fritz Gerlich and Ernst Hanfstaengl . All in all , valuable and filled with interesting actors , yet I feel it should have been more tightly directed with stronger cinematography ; most actors are portrayed in half - body shots which ( for me ) makes for a theatrical stance , not cinematic . The tempo is at times drowsy , and the film does suffer from it , being approximately 2,5 hours long .
1 This is a tepid docu - drama that covers no new ground , reworks all the cliches and is sloppy with facts . For example , Munich is a very flat city . So why is it hilly in the movie ? For example , the end of the Great War in 1918 was not a surrender but an armistice . Yet it is announced as a surrender . For example , European news vendors did not ( and do not ) shout headlines as they hawk their papers . Yet this strictly American custom is employed in the film . For example , the Nazis did not adopt the German eagle until after they had taken power but there it is on the lectern as Hitler delivers one of his stem winders . Indeed , most of this disappointing production consists of little more than Hitlerian oratory . The movie also perpetuates the myth that the beer hall putsch was hatched at the Munich Hoffbrauhaus . It was not . Robert Carlyle does a fine portrayal of his subject . But his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that . These comments are based on the first episode only . One only can hope the second will be better but do n't bet on it .
1 I do n't know what it is with this movies . But movies about history or religion are always criticised by their accuracy . Of course it 's not 100 % accurate . It 's difficult to make 100 % accurate films nowadays when even the " experts " disagree with each other . Therefore I rather like to judge a movie by what it is trying to say than pick on all the inaccuracies.<br /><br />So I start by saying that I liked this mini serie . But I do agree with the critique that his childhood years went by too fast . The series should have been a three part story , his childhood being the first part . But if they did n't have more money to shoot more story who am I to criticise that???<br /><br />There 's only one real problem I have with this movie and that 's the fact that it 's told in a history book way . Especially the second part which is just a sum of events that happened . I rather would have liked to see Hitler more humane ( more scenes where he doubts himself etc . ) . Noah Taylor did that more in the movie ' Max ' which seem to work better I think . Nevertheless I 'm glad this was made and own it on DVD . Just to remember more vividly what happened and see Carlyle giving his best . 7.5/10
1 First week of May , every year brings back the memories of the holocaust , through movies on televisions . Among many movies they showed , this was the one I had not seen.<br /><br />The story is about Hilter 's life and how he came to power . It starts with his childhood and ends with his holding the top most position of power in Germany.<br /><br />The movie was earlier presented as a TV series and later converted into a movie format . Scottish actor Robert Carlyle plays Adolf Hitler with great guts , conviction and flare to give a real portrayal of this man.<br /><br />It is a good screenplay and narrative , that educates the audiences on the main events that lead Hitler into power , and also tries to show the probable psychological make up of Hitler . The movie is a biased viewpoint of the director Christian Duguay – who shows Hitler as a one - track , menacing , angry , and shouting person – who had such a strong hold on the Germans and people around him . Hitler is not shown as someone having charishma and attraction , and there the movie fails to convince Hitler 's portrayal.<br /><br />Even though the venture was for TV , all the ingredients of production are first class and at par with any main stream movie . The production value , sets , costumes , etc . were perfect.<br /><br />There is a lot of criticism of this movie , in the authenticity about the historic events that is presented . But still the movie is gripping , every engaging and entertaining . Robert Carlyle overpowers and dominates the screen as no one else does . He is amazingly good – brilliant ! I would have liked a more balanced view of Hitler 's life , because I think , Hitler was able to bring out the dormant feelings of million of Germans and it is not only him who should be blamed for the holocaust . As I have told several times , that – very sadly - our society loves to garland or prosecute one person , as a representative of the society 's good or evil respectively .
1 As someone who was born to a German mother and English father ( who spent five years in a prisoner of war camp ) I come from unique position . One of having to deal with the various Nazis on one side of the family and the victors of WW2 on the other . This miniseries can not delve into every single part of Hitler 's psyche and must give the viewer a general flavor of the situation at the time and as best as one can Hitler 's state of mind . In this the series does quite well . Carlyle is very good as is O'Toole , I would however liked to have got more information on the relationships with others in party Because Hitler did not do anything on his own . He had people around him that followed him to the letter often without question and certainly without question later on in his murderous career . What was going through Goebbels , Goring and Hess 's mind ? It would have been helpful to see more of these relationships . But I hope it will make people research the subject more . It might also make people understand why someone like Saddam Hussein can not be allowed to continue in power .
1 < br /><br />An old man works as a janitor in a mental hospital to be close to his wife who is a patient there and to try to get her out.<br /><br />This is surely one of the most forgotten masterpieces of the silent era and an oddity in the history of Japanese cinema . Long thought lost , a print was found in the 70s and a music soundtrack added to it , which fits perfectly with the images . It might have been influenced by cabinet of doctor Caligary ( director Kinugasa claimed he never saw the German film ) . However it surpasses it in style and in its more convincing ( and chilly ) portray of the inner mental state of the inmates in the asylum . To achieve this , the film makes use of every single film technique available at the time : multiple exposures and out of focus subjective point of view , tilted camera angles , fast and slow motion , expressionist lighting and superimpositions among others . It is also a very complicated film to follow , as it has not got intertitles.<br /><br />The film opens with a montage of shots of rain hitting the windows of the hospital , wind shaking trees and of thunder . The unsettling weather metaphors the mental condition of the patients and introduces one of the them : a former dancer . The combination of sounds produced by rain , wind and thunder serves as the music that incites the dancer to get into a frantic , almost hypnotic dance . In another sequence involving the same patient engaged in another frenzied dance , she is being watched by other inmates . Multiple exposures of the dancer represent the patients ' point of view and their confused " view " of the world.<br /><br />These are just two examples from this amazing film trying to represent the patients ' subconscious and view of the " sane " world.<br /><br />In three words A MUST SEE .
1 This very strange movie is unlike anything made in the west at the time . With its tumultuous emotions and net of visions , dreams , and startling images , its effect is both beautiful and unsettling . The actors are choreographed more like dance than acting . It contains the only dream sequence I know of that actually resembles a real nightmare ( sorry , Dali fans ) .
1 With rapid intercutting of scenes of insane people in an asylum , and montage / superimposition of images , and vague , interwoven narratives , this is a very hard movie to follow . Apparently a man ( Masue Inoue ) takes a job as a porter or janitor in an asylum so he can be near his imprisoned wife , and maybe to rescue her . But she 's clearly mad , huddled on the floor , with a vacant expression much of the time and fear , misery , and confusion written on her face the rest of the time . The film - maker switches to her point of view sometimes , and we see vague images of her at the side of a pond drowning a baby , or clutching at a drowned child . She 's tormented by something . When the point of view shifts to her or other mad folks , the filmmaker uses distorting lenses and such things , showing us what mad people see and then how they react . And the place is swarming with mad folks , laughing , hiding , and in one case dancing frenetically night and day . At one point the man tries to take his wife outside , but the night outside the door terrifies her and she runs back to her cell . Gradually the man slips into a nightmare in which he 's interrupted in another attempt to steal her away , and he kills the doctor and many attendants , and all the while the mad folk laugh and applaud . When he wakes he is relieved , and mops the floor . Some fascinating shots of Japanes life , streets , buildings in the 1920s .
1 It 's easy to make really general comments about a film like this . The fact that it 's one of the only remaining Japanese films from this era causes people to say that it " started Japanese cinema " and was " unlike anything the west ever made . " The latter of these two comments is particularly false as Kinugasa himself admitted to ripping off " Caligari " on more than one occasion . But style was meant to be imitated , and does n't take away from this film 's importance . What we have here is experimental themes and composition built on already established visual styles , opening the doors for a truly brilliant layering of narratives and realities . For this purpose , the madhouse is the ideal setting , and the writers knew this . This is a landmark film , and every effort should be made to track it down.<br /><br />5 out of 5 - Essential
1 I have to admit , I was n't expecting much going into this film viewing in my Japenese film class , but this film really blew me away . The director does a wonderful job following through with the title of his film , truly portraying a picture of madness . I think the fact that this film is silent adds to the resemblance of madness , helping the viewer experience the characters inner world rather than the world outside his mind . This film just added to my feelings about foreign silent films vs. American , in that the foreign films work much more to exercise your mind and make you think rather than going for the fluffy film always with the happy ending , exercising the imagination very little .
1 I saw " A Page of Madness " in a silent film course at Wesleyan University and it haunts me still after 25 years . Truly ahead of its time - perhaps even still - this gem of a film reveals both the frightening and attractive aspects of madness .
1 THis movie shows us once again , how genius the Japanese directors are and were . This movie could be seen as a sort of a " Silent - Movie Tetsuo " . Well Eisenstein ... : )
1 Back in 1994 , I had a really lengthy vacation around the Fourth of July - something like 17 days off in a row what with two weeks paid vacation , weekends and the holiday itself . I stayed in town during that time , hanging out at my parents ' house a lot.<br /><br />I did n't have a TV in my apartment so I used to watch my parents ' tube . I had just finished watching a segment of the X Files when a program came on called Personal FX . I was hooked instantly . I had always been fascinated with items in our home that had come from my parents ' family homes and through inheritances from relatives ' estates , and often wondered about their history , value , etc.<br /><br />After my long vacation , I used to go to my folks ' house on my lunch - hours just to catch Personal FX.<br /><br />I can remember one episode during which co - host Claire Carter announced that the New York apartment in which the series was filmed was being renovated and that once said renovations were complete that Personl FX would return to the air.<br /><br />It never did ! Personal FX was the first -and best - of the collectible shows . And it vanished from the air ! Almost fifteen years later , I 'm still sore.<br /><br />Way to go , FX .
1 Interesting , fast - paced and amusing.<br /><br />I'm not one of those people who watches loads and loads of television . I stumbled across this show while home sick with a bad case of the flu one day , and was immediately hooked . I developed quite a crush on John Burke . Both he and Claire did an amazing job of hosting the show together . You could really tell that they both loved their jobs.<br /><br />The super - collector segments were excellent . I found myself interested in things I had never previously given a single thought to.<br /><br />What I would really like to know is : Whatever happened to Jack the dog ? Did one of the hosts adopt him ?
1 Maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.<br /><br />It IS jazz.<br /><br />The opening shot continues to haunt my reverie.<br /><br />Lester , of course , is wonderful and out of this world.<br /><br />Jo Jones is always a delight ( see The Sound of Jazz as well).<br /><br />If you can , find the music ; it 's available on CD.<br /><br />All lovers of jazz and film noir should study this tremendous jewel.<br /><br />What shadows and light - what music - what a hat !
1 Simply but imaginatively filmed studio - set performance short , a perfect match of music and images that defines the very coolness of cool and the hipness of hip . The precise visual and musical arrangements give the lie to its claim to be a record of a jam session : what it is , is a pop video - every bit as stylised and knowing as that implies , and all the better for it . Among the very best music films ever made , and almost certainly the most cinematic . These cats are solid gone , daddy - o ...
1 This short was nominated for an Academy Award and I wish it had won ! Basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians , including Lester Young and Joe Jones , the music is incredible ! Hollywood quite often embraced Jazz ( particularly animation , believe it or not ) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam . This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so . TCM runs this as filler periodically and runs it every March sometime for its ' " 31 Days of Oscar " tribute . From downtown at the buzzer , swish , nothing but net and the shot 's so smooth , the net barely moved . Most solidly and highly recommended ! ! !
1 Each of the major studios cranked out jazzy one - reelers throughout the thirties and forties ( with Universal taking the lead ) . While most looked as cheap on screen as they were to make , Warner Bros. ( which abruptly stopped making them in 1946 ) often distinguished theirs with offbeat camera angles , mirrors and optical effects , thanks to some creative directors like Jean Negulesco . It is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio.<br /><br />What sets " Jammin ' The Blues " apart from the rest of the pack is that it more closely resembles an avant - garde experiment than a Hollywood musical . Filmed in July 1944 , it transforms an ordinary jam session into a " trippy " dream - escape from war - time troubles , highlighted by the tune of " On The Sunny Side Of The Street " . Gjon Mili and cameraman Robert Burkes ( later to work with Hitchcock ) were allowed plenty of artistic freedom , perhaps because Lester Young was not Glenn Miller and the studio could care less how he and his fellow musicians were presented . The optical printer is put to good use , with multiple images of the same performer appearing at once . ( Norman McLaren really milked this process two decades later in " Pas De Deux " , while Linwood Dunn 's team achieved different effects in " Citizen Kane " . ) The strong emphasis on silhouettes and lit cigarette smoke was also ahead of its time ; in some ways , this predated the psychedelic sixties , but with a distinctly forties film noir style .
1 Jazz aficionados will treasure this classic short showing some of the best men of jazz just doing their thing . It 's like watching a no frills music video today.<br /><br />The jazz men give us an additional treat in the person of Marie Bryant who sings a classic version of On The Sunny Side Of The Street . I had never heard her sing before , Bryant sounds remarkably like Billie Holliday . That 's a compliment folks.<br /><br />Their instrumental work is tops as well . With the black cinema of its time fed a lot of white stereotypes , this film is to be watched and treasured . No great production values , just a lot of good music .
1 Jammin ' the Blues is an Oscar - nominated short from 1944 that is basically 10 minutes of improvisational jazz played in one long jam . Marie Bryant sings " The Sunny Side of the Street " at one point for the film 's highlight then jitterbugs with Archie Savage to bring this most entertaining " jam session " to its exciting end . The director Gojn Mili was a photographer and that experience shows in some of the double exposure shots of some of the musicians that makes this one of the most innovative angles of the ' 40s . According to some notes I read one of the musicians was white and had to be filmed in silhouette in reflection of the social attitudes of the time . What a shame . Still , this most unusual film of the time is available on YouTube so if you love jazz , I suggest you seek it out there .
1 ... may seem like an overstatement , but it is not.<br /><br />What is so hard to comprehend is - why did n't they make more musical shorts like this ? Was n't the beauty of it totally apparent to everybody involved ? I guess not . So many shorts were made for commercial reasons only , and with some luck there may be some artistic value in there . This is one exception - the only one ? - where it seems they were the director had a vision and clearly could appreciate the music as art . Why did n't anybody ever think to shoot Lester or Charlie Parker on a live date ? Crazy , man.<br /><br />A pity there were no sequels . If you 've seen anything of similar quality please share it !
1 I can see why this film was Oscar - nominated for Best Live Action Short , as it was constructed masterfully . Even if you do n't particularly like the Blues ( though to me , this sounded much more like jazz ) , you can easily appreciate this film . It is simply very well made , though for the life of me , I ca n't see why director Gjon Mili only got to direct one film -- this one . In other words , the film is nominated and yet the director did n't get any sort of career boost . As for the black performers , I could understand this not causing their careers to shift into high gear , as unfortunately most of white society have indifference ( or worse ) for blacks or " that kind of music".<br /><br />If you do watch this film , if you are n't particularly enjoying the earlier portion , skip ahead to about the 5:50 mark -- where it picks up considerably . When the lady stopped singing and the performers began to improvise , the pace improved quite a bit .
1 First let me say I am not from the south but I am an American . I do n't love Country music but I can stomach it . I would never wear a cowboy hat but I wear hats . I do n't live in a trailer but I do eat tuna salad and own a home . What does that have to do with this comment ? A lot if you are one of those people who say only " country " people love this movie . This movie is loosely based on the " They loved and lost " premise . James Bridges directs an American love story as real as it gets . In an era of Jerry Springer and " Lets put it out there " mentality , this film rings truer than ever . < br /><br />Bud is " coming of age " and embarks on a life of his own with a little help from his aunt and uncle so he moves to the big city with them . Bud finds himself drawn into the local honky tonk world for the only escape a blue collar man can afford . He quickly meets Sissy who is from a similar background and the two have a whirlwind romance filled with painful ups and downs . < br /><br />(*This plot takes so many turns that one has to just sit for a few minutes before they get hooked . Marriage is a focus here that is often missed . Early in the film they marry and we view the transition from being single to married . The film highlights some of the modern struggles a woman has when she marries an old fashioned man . It also brings into view the male ego with women and competition.)<br /><br />Bud is challenged and is excited when Micky 's puts in an electronic bull . Sissy gets ideas of having fun on it too but is quickly reminded that she is married and need to start " acting like it . " The emotion between the two characters is raw and expressive and the plot continues from there especially when they ( NOTE THIS IS GIVING SOME OF THE STORYLINE AWAY ) split and Sissy falls for an ex con with a penchant for abuse and cruelty . She soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side.<br /><br />How anyone can compare Bud to Vinnie Barbirino is shocking to me . John Travolta gave an exceptional performance that was worthy recognition . He was believable and real . The scene where he shaves his beard and you first see him at the bar .. still gives me goosebumps . Mind you I am not a huge Travolta fan , but come on , I see why Sissy was kicking of her boots so early in the film . Deb Winger was so real that you found yourself sympathizing with her as she pens a note of emotions to Bud , after sneaking in to clean his house during their break up . < br /><br />The supporting cast was incredible . Wes played by Scott Glenn gave a first rate performance that made you hate him and curse him as he abused Sissy . Madolyn Smith - Osborne , as Buds Mistress / girlfriend was so authentic that large chested girls across the U.S. prayed to wake up flat chested to wear the clothes she donned in the film . My biggest kudos 's go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as Bud 's aunt and uncle . They seemed like someone 's aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas and however small their role , they made the film so much bigger and lifelike . Two memorable scenes were the Dolly Parton contest and the unforgettable scene where Bud and his aunt stand outside after one of the characters death . The dialog between them is touching.<br /><br />If you can watch this for what it is , a true American love story . Then I recommend that you take it for what it is ... a film before it 's time that gave us voyeurism into a world unlike our own but real enough for our enjoyment and entertainment . If this world sounds similar to yours then you will enjoy it so much more . Lastly , the music however dated , is sure to send you back in time if you are over 30 years of age .
1 Okay , so I have come a long way from Houston by now , but whenever I see this movie , I am taken back to a little cowgirl 's dream to one day ride the bull at Gilley 's . ( It burned down before I was of drinking age.)<br /><br />If you grew up in in East Texas , then you know this movie is an accurate depiction of contemporary life at that time . If you did n't then trust me and watch the movie . Either you will join the many who love it ( and at the same time strangely repulsed ) , or at the very least , you can make fun of the red - necks . ( There is plenty material for poking fun . ) This movie does n't try to be P.C. ( what was that in the 80 's ) or hide the white trash element and it is honest to the time and place.<br /><br />Gotta be a 10 for me !
1 For Urban Cowboy John Travolta plays one of the stronger alpha males ever portrayed on the big screen . He 's a decent enough young kid who leaves his parent 's homestead and strikes out for the big city of Dallas where his uncle Barry Corbin has promised to find him work in the petrochemical industry . In 1980 that was beginning to boom and Texas was definitely a growing place in the USA.<br /><br />Travolta does a good job in making we the audience care about his character who when you come right down to it is a sexist pig . He meets and marries Debra Winger who 's from the same background , but she 's got some ideas that women should not be shadows of their men . And when she beats him at Gilley 's mechanical bull , a man 's game , that 's it for him.<br /><br />Scott Glenn who 's an ex - convict is working at Gilley 's and this film was his breakout role . He 's a real snake in Urban Cowboy , he gets Travolta 's goat with a mere look and he moves in on Winger . Travolta in turn takes up with rich girl , Madolyn Smith Osborne who 's slumming at Gilley 's . < br /><br />Despite the characters , Urban Cowboy was really one gigantic commercial for the self - styled biggest honky tonk in the world . Gilley 's is no longer there in the suburban Texas community of Pasadena , but the memories do live on . And the best thing about Urban Cowboy is the wonderful score of country / western songs that were featured in the film . I 'm not sure if some of the songs were not written specifically for Urban Cowboy , but it 's the only reason I can think of why the Motion Picture Academy ignored the musical aspects of this film . I especially liked Johnny Lee 's Looking For Love , if it was specifically written for this film , it 's a disgrace that it was n't nominated for Best Song.<br /><br />I liked Debra Winger 's character best in this film . She does n't lose a trace of femininity , but she stands up to Travolta and does it in style . And this review is dedicated to that yet as unknown woman who will one day be the first woman bull - rider in the Professional Bull Riders .
1 I bellied up to the bar expecting this to be a hot beer on a sweltering Texas day but was pleasantly surprised . After suffering through " Saturday Night Foolishness " I had no desire to see a re - make in some south Texas barnyard .... and I did n't . John Revolta was good as the jealous redneck , Scott Glenn was well cast as a thuggie ex - con , and Debra Winger was , as always , a delight . * Love that woman * Plus , the soundtrack was dynamite [ and this comes from a guy that ca n't stand the sound of country music ] . A fun film all the way .
1 This is a great movie that I do n't think gets enough credit as Saturday Night Fever or Grease in John Travolta 's career . He plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her . Instead , he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood . Even though it was made in 1980 , it is still timely today . The great country music soundtrack is terrific . 10/10
1 An unmarried , twenty - something hick ( played by John Travolta ) leaves the farm and goes to Houston , where he learns about life and love in a Texas honky - tonk . At face value , it 's a modern love story ... Texas style . There 's gobs of cowboy hats , pickup trucks , neon beer signs , and references to big belt - buckles and rodeos . The music , if not Texas native , is Texas adapted , courtesy of the talents of Mickey Gilley , Johnny Lee , and the Charlie Daniels Band . And that Texas twang ... " y'all".<br /><br />The story and the characters are about as subtle as the taste of Texas five - alarm chili made with Jalapeno peppers . It 's enough to make civilized viewers abort the film in favor of a genteel classic , one starring Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman , maybe . " Hamlet " it 's not . But " Urban Cowboy " is spicy and explicit , and I kinda like it.<br /><br />Technically , the film is generally good . The dialogue , the production design , and the costumes are all realistic ; the editing is skillful . And both the casting and the acting are commendable , if not Oscar worthy . I would not have cast Travolta in the role he plays , but he does a fine job ... ditto Debra Winger . Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson , among others , are good too , in support roles . But , the cinematography seemed weak . The film copy I watched was grainy , and at times suffered from a reddish / orange tint , a visual trait I have noticed in other films from the same time period.<br /><br />At first glance , the film does not seem to offer any social or political " message " . But I would argue that when " Urban Cowboy " was released twenty - five years ago , it had rather prophetic implications . In 1980 the U.S. had all kinds of problems , not the least being American hostages held by Iran . In the minds of a lot of folks back then , the U.S. was being pushed around , bullied.<br /><br />This film , along with others of its time , offered something that Americans wanted to see in their political leaders ... toughness . " Urban Cowboy " is a very physical film . The characters in it may not be the brightest people on Earth . But , they 're tough!<br /><br />Everything about " Urban Cowboy " is anti - intellectual . As a vehicle for cultural expression then , this 1980 film was one of several that augured a new get - tough era for the U.S. It started in 1980 with the election of Reagan . And that era continues to this day , with a President who probably will not be remembered for his intellect , but will be remembered for his toughness and aggression , traits that Americans seem to gravitate to as surely as Texans to five - alarm chili .
1 # 3 in young John Travolta 's trilogy of blockbusters . He dances to disco , rock ' n ' roll and country . He heads to Houston to find work and love . Gilley 's is the hot spot , and it is the time of the mechanical bull . Not to be outdone , I rode the bull at a club in Nashville . I recently saw this nearly forgotten film on television and remembered how good it was and how good a year 1980 was . I wore a black cowboy hat that year just like Travolta . Debra Winger was in her prime . She looks stunning in her red top . There is plenty of charisma . Bud and Sissy seem the ideal couple even if they are trailer trash . They split up just because it feels so good getting back together . Urban Cowboy has an amazing soundtrack . We get to hear Lyin ' Eyes by The Eagles and Lookin ' For Love by Johnny Lee .
1 I am a big fan of the movie , but not for the usual reasons . I think Travolta and Winger performed at higher than average rates , I think the sets were representative of the location and the era , I liked the sound track and the Charlie Daniels Band . However , I think the photography was amazing ! Since the interior scenes were filmed in the actual club and Gilley 's had low ceilings -- perhaps 10 - 12 feet high and the smoke that was supposed to simulate a " smoke - filled bar " hung 2 - 4 feet below the ceiling . The Camera managed to get shots through the smoke and focus on the actors , the bull , the bar , the women , the dancing , the low - level of light that actually was in the bar ! What a feat ! Sure there was auxiliary lighting , but in order to maintain the atmosphere of the bar , it had to be low - light shots . Ray Villalobos ( the camera operator ) was outstanding ! He got some shots he had no hope of achieving and the impact of them brought a sense of reality to the film . Thanks , Ray -- Great work !
1 Quick and simple , I love this movie.<br /><br />As some others have mentioned , I also , am not from the south , do n't really care for country music and have never worn a cowboy hat . ( I 've never drove around in a car with a dead body in my trunk either , but I love " Goodfellas . " ) This is just great film making . Shot in a 2.35 aspect ratio and beautifully transfered to DVD . ( The VHS was 1.33 full screen ) . And yes , a solid 5.1 mix for your viewing pleasure . What can you say about this movie?<br /><br />It 's just a great love / hate story set in Texas , with great performances . Travolta is fantastic . Next to " Pulp Fiction " , it 's the best thing he 's done . It 's been in my top 5 for 25 years!!<br /><br />Check this one out ! ! ! It 's a 10 ! ! ! !
1 I 'm still new to the Krimi genre and the only one I 've seen prior to seeing this one was the earlier and somewhat disappointing ' The Dead Eyes of London ' , which did n't exactly inspire a great hope for the rest of the genre in me . If I 'd seen this one first , however , the feeling would have been different as while The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and rather wacky attempt at a crime flick ; it 's great fun to watch and it 's really hard to hate a film that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to pull it off with style . The film begins in a lab where a crazy scientist has invented a new and highly toxic poison that kills its victim and makes it look like they died from a heart attack . This poison is used by a mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks common criminals out of jail to carry out his murders using this poison ( and then has them put back in jail ) . As the title suggests , it 's a nearby college full of girls that provides most of the victims . There 's also a mysterious monk dressed in a red robe who marauds around breaking necks with a bullwhip.<br /><br />Of course , with a plot like that ; this is not exactly a serious affair and the director clearly knows that as there is a very tongue - in - cheek vibe to the film , which does bode well with the plot . The fact that there are so many different sides to the plot does unfortunately mean that everything does not run smoothly ; although this is n't a big problem as things are kept ticking over nicely throughout the film and there 's always enough going on to keep the audience interested . The atmosphere is superb and the colour scheme on display is great too look at . Of course , the film is based on an Edgar Wallace novel and clearly the man has a great imagination ; the locations used are also superb and while a killer 's lair decked out with a host of wild and exotic animals might not serve any relevance to the plot , it does help to give the film that extra ' something ' . You ca nt expect a conclusion that fully makes sense after all the stuff that goes on in this film ; but the reason for the murders sort of makes sense and is a satisfying way for the film to climax . Overall , College Girl Murders is an excellent little mystery flick and one that comes highly recommended !
1 William ( Nicholas Ball ) and Emma Peters ( Rachel Davies ) buy an old house where a brutal murder happened years ago in very bad condition with the intention of restoring it . They move with their daughter Sophie ( Emma RidleY ) , and become friends of their neighbors Jean ( Patricia Maynard ) and George Evans ( Brian Croucher ) . However , eerie events happen in the house , inclusive the death of Sophie 's cat . In Sophie 's birthday party , a pipe leaks blood and they leave the place , disclosing a secret later.<br /><br />"The House That Bled to Death " is a scary and one of the best episodes of the series " Hammer House of Horror " . The fantastic twist , disclosing a secret , and the tragic conclusion are really excellent . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " A Casa Que Sangrou Até Morrer " ( " The House That Bled to Death " )
1 Perhaps not the absolute greatest entry in the Hammer House of Horror series , but it surely wins the award for most inventively titled episode ! " The House that Bled to Death " …  I could yell out this title all day without ever getting tired of it ! And besides the wondrous title , this short movie also benefices from a solidly written screenplay and a handful of genuinely suspenseful moments . It might require an extra viewing before you fully understand the peculiar end - twist , but it 's definitely an original idea for a horror short . The story opens with images of an elderly couple drinking tea in their middle - class house . The husband sadistically kills his wife and several years later the " cursed " house is still for sale . A young couple and their cherubic daughter move in and start to restore it , but mysterious events occur and affect especially the young Sophie . Her beloved cat is killed an even her birthday party gets ruined when one of the house 's pipes suddenly sprays blood all over the guests ( a particularly chilling sequence , this one ! ) . Is the old house really haunted ? Or maybe the seemly helpful neighbors cause all the horror ? The answers to these questions are provided in the original and fairly unpredictable climax and there 's even room for a real shock at the very end . The tension is masterfully built up and the titular house is filled with eerie scenery , like the pair of rusty machetes used by the husband to slay his wife . Little warning though , the sequence with the cat is hard to watch when you 're an animal lover . In conclusion , another winner for Hammer 's short - running TV series !
1 Out of the first five episodes of Hammer 's short - running " Hammer House of Horror " series , this fifth episode with the wonderful title " The House that Bled to Death " is arguably the creepiest one . As a great fan of the Hammer Studios ' Gothic Horror films for many years , I wonder what took me so long to finally start watching the series quite recently . So far , I 've only seen the first five episodes , and I have a strong feeling that the best is yet to come , but even if the series stays as entertaining as the first five episodes are , I will be satisfied . Whereas the second and third episodes were great to watch for their morbid and ingeniously dark sense of humor , this fifth entry is definitely the one out of the first five that delivers the most genuine Horror . The episode begins when an elderly man murders his wife out of unknown motivations . Years later , William ( Nicholas Ball ) and Emma Peters ( Rachel Davies ) move in the house with their little daughter Sophie ( Emma Ridley ) . Soon after moving in , however , the family have to find out that there is something terribly wrong with the house , which is seemingly haunted ... The second episode directed by Francis Megahy is a lot better than his mediocre previous entry , " Growing Pains " ( Episode 4 ) , and the fairly unknown actors deliver good performances . The film is also well - made in terms of effects , cinematography and score . " The House that Bled to Death " is a solid episode that delivers the elements that my fellow Hammer - fans should like to see in a Short Horror tale . The film delivers a creepy atmosphere , genuine scare moments and intelligent twists , and is suspenseful and highly entertaining from the beginning to the end . Overall , this is highly recommendable to Hammer fans .
1 I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago . Then , the ideas presented in the movie still seemed mostly fictional , if indeed they could ever transpire at all . Not any longer . Now , the politics , society , and media in The Running Man seem very close to home indeed.<br /><br />Consider the following factors , which were mostly absent in 1987 ( the year The Running Man came out ) that are present today:<br /><br />Concern with , as Richard Dawson 's character Damon Killian puts it , " traditional morality . " CHECK < br /><br />Entertainment in the form of extreme reality , including pain , fear , and discomfort on the part of contestants . CHECK < br /><br />Cameras everywhere . CHECK < br /><br />Restricted travel for citizens at the whim of the government , controlled by a centralized computer system complete with barcoded passports ( " travel passes " in the movie ) and sanctioned under the guise of national security . CHECK < br /><br />An increased intermingling , bordering on incestuous , of government and media . CHECK < br /><br />Computer - generated graphics that are advanced enough to manipulate real film footage ( such as the " digital matting " of Ben Richards ' image onto the stunt double ) . CHECK < br /><br />Jailing of conscientious objectors or detractors of the current administration . CHECK < br /><br />Flagging economy further widening the gulf between the wealthy and not - so - wealthy ; increasing numbers of fringe groups reacting to the tightening noose of big government ; civil unrest brewing just under or at the surface of nearly every sizable public event regardless of its origin or intent . CHECK , CHECK , CHECK < br /><br />Then again , maybe it 's just a movie based on a Stephen King novella . But just to be safe , I 'm moving to Switzerland .
1 Of all Arnold 's mid-'80s movies who would have thought that most relevant today would be The Running Man . A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV gone mad . It may have been far - fetched back then but not so now . Not when you think about it . Currently , Reality TV shows are either scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperate to raise the bar . If the next one is n't more controversial as the last , it 's a dud . How long will it be before we really do see shows like The Running Man ? How long before we have ' court - appointed theatrical attorneys ' or the entertainment division of the Justice Department ? There is so much satire and intelligence in this movie that may have been missed back in 1987 that is desperate to be seen again considering the current state of TV shows.<br /><br />The biggest message of all is ' You are being lied to ' . It 's no secret that the Government and the media work in cahoots . And the masses believe what the media tells them to believe . It 's a very scary state of affairs and unless more accurate representations of the truth emerge we may easily accept a brutal show like the Running Man in the near future . It 's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic . It 's edited and reshaped before being aired and it 's only what the networks want you to see . Usually it 's far from the real truth.<br /><br />Although rather different than Stephen King 's book ( the ending is completely changed ) the script does conform to the typical Arnie formula . Yes , he does have numerous and very corny one - liners and he does say ' I 'll be back ' ( which he never REALLY said that often anyway , when you think about it ) in the most ironic situation yet but he 's still a zillion times better in the role then Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have been ( these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believe it or not).<br /><br />The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself ( Paul Michael Glaser ) . It may not be artistic but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and his use of neon and flourescent colors gives each individual set a pretty cool look . Andrew Davis ( not a director I particularly like ) was attached before Glaser , though no matter who directs , the film is still marred by a very heavy 80 's feel.<br /><br />First of all , Harold Faltermeyer 's score ( remember him ? ) is incredibly dated and robs the action scenes of any timeless integrity . And the fashion sense of the movie is far too excessive to be convincingly set in the future . Apart from the dated feel , the only other thing that bugs me is the poorly staged shoot - out that passes as the climax.<br /><br />This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original release . Gone is the horrid letterbox picture . In its place is a brand new hi - definition 1.85:1 anamorphic transfer . The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen . The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack are also amazing . There constant use of the surround channels to great effect and the bass is strong and powerful . Definitely one of the best re - masters I 've seen so far . Two intriguing documentaries , a trailer and a ' Meet the Stalkers ' gimmick are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a rather neat slip case .
1 Mild Spoilers < br /><br />In the near future , Arnold stars as Ben Richards , a wrongly convicted man coerced into playing ' The Running Man ' , a deadly TV game show where people have to keep moving to try and escape brutal deaths at the hands of the ' Stalkers ' . Of course , people are expected to die eventually and its up to Arnold to prove the system wrong.<br /><br />I have n't read the Stephen King book , but this is a great film regardless , one of Arnold 's best . He does what he does best in the action man role , delivering death with unforgettable one - liners . Classics are probably the ' He was a real pain in the neck ' after strangling a guy with barb wire , and ' He had to split ! ' , referring to whereabouts he just chain sawed someone vertically . Dawson is perfectly irritating as the TV presenter , and all the ' Stalkers ' are suitably camp . The action is violent , but its an action film . That 's the point . The film is fast paced , and at 90 minutes it does n't overstay its welcome . < br /><br />With Starsky and Hutch 's Paul Michael Glaser at the helm , and made in the wake of the success of The Terminator , previously this film was probably seen as just another mindless action vehicle for Arnold , and very far fetched . But today , anyone who watches a lot of TV could see how the film is getting closer to reality . I would n't be surprised if I turn on the TV in the ' near future ' and see a show not to far from this.<br /><br />On that depressing note , I must however recommend ' The Running Man ' to anyone who likes the 80s , Arnold , ridiculous acts or violence or just a good action film . 9 . 5 / 10
1 This is an awesome action film with great one liners from Arnie!. It 's stylishly made , with lots of tense action to keep one satisfied . The Characters were awesome , and Richard Dawson , is very menacing as the main villain . Yes it has tons of plot holes , however it 's highly highly entertaining , with a great ending as well . It had a great story , too it , and Arnie and Maria Conchita Alonso had great chemistry together . The Character development was also pretty good , with , some superb performances . The Directing is great!. Paul Michael Glaser , does a very good job here , with awesome use of colors , keeping it stylish throughout , awesome camera angles , and overall keeping the film at a very fast pace ! good job . There is a little bit of gore . We get a few bloody gunshot wounds , exploding head , slit throat , bloody chainsaw slices , skinless corpses , blood , and an impaling . The Acting is great!. Arnold Schwarzenegger is AMAZING as always , he is excellent in the acting department , has tons of hilarious one liners , kicks that ass , and as always is a big physical presence ! , and was tons of fun to watch ! ( Arnie Rules ! ) . Maria Conchita Alonso , does well here , she was really cute , and had good chemistry with Arnie!. Yaphet Kotto , is decent here , with what he has to do , which is not much . Marvin J. McIntyre , is good as the geeky type guy , he was cool!. Richard Dawson is awesome as the main villain , and was very very menacing , and he was fun to watch . Jesse Ventura , Jim Brown , Erland van Lidth , Gus Rethwisch , and Professor Toru Tanaka , all do what they have to do very well as the stalkers . Overall a MUST see ! * * * * 1/2 out of 5
1 This movie is one of the most Underrated movie of its time . When watching this movie , your filled with action , and when somethings not really happing , the humour is un matched . Brilliant writing for a movie that was made to give us a bloody mix , of a game show where criminals are the contestants , and a near future where the general public all have a thirst for blood . Also Arnold Does n't let us down with some of his best one liners . I do n't want to spoil anything for you , but i will tell you when Arnold gives his " I 'll be back line " He gets the best response of them all in this movie . Hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did .
1 I 'm sitting here Nov 2006 and I still ca n't help rave about this movie . Arnold 's best movies came in about a 4 - 5 year span . Running Man , Predator , and Total Recall ( 1990 ) . All 3 are amazing . The cheesy one liners by Arnold in this movie will make you laugh on more than one occasion . I find the acting in this movie surprisingly good as was the case in Predator and Totall Recall . They did a great job in trying to make the scenes futuristic as it is supposed to take place in 2017 , but you ca n't help but snicker at the 80 's style haircuts on the men and woman in the crowd and the normal television monitors in the Running Man studio which we all know here in 2006 are on the way out with the emergence of flat panel and HDTV 's . Also the computer graphics of the " The Running Man " game show intro would not look like that in 2017 . Nevertheless the storyline is absolutely fantastic . Not once during this movie did I want to get up and not care about the ending which is something I do often with today 's movie 's . I really think that Arnold 's acting is much better than he 's given credit for . Now I would not have elected him governor but that 's California for you . Buzzsaw , Dynamo , Fireball , SubZero are fantastic " stalkers " as well and I find the producers do n't try to overkill the fight scenes . When the stalker is dead ... he 's dead . It does n't go on for 20 minutes each . The stalker scenes are quick and entertaining but they do n't try and overplay it . I give this movie a 10/10 and that 's coming from someone who does n't enjoy a lot of movies these days . If you get the right actors and the right story then the futuristic graphical displays that you 'd see in 2006 are not important or necessary .
1 The Running Man is often dismissed as being just another Arnie action thriller full of explosions , bad puns and gunfire , and to be fair , there is a lot of that in it . People used to look at it and compare it to the Terminator series , saying it was one of the poorer Schwarzenegger films.<br /><br />But , give it 18 years , and you find yourself being able to appreciate it in a different light . Rather than just being another brainless action film , it works very well as a parody of reality TV . It is quite different to the Stephen King book , true , but I doubt whether Hollywood , with its love of upbeat endings and so - called ' ordinary guys ' who turned out to have the skills of a trained commando , would have accepted it in its current form.<br /><br />But , on with the review.<br /><br />Ben Richards ( Arnold Schwarzenegger ) is a cop working in a dystopian United States where democracy is a thing of the past , and the entire country is ruled by a government / media conglomerate amalgamation . The economy is in tatters , food is scarce and the state keeps people distracted by producing sadistic gameshows for them to watch , like Jumping for Dollars , where people jump for money over a pit of rabid dogs , and the most popular one is The Running Man , a gameshow hosted by the slimy Damian Killian ( played by the entertaining Richard Dawson ) where supposed ' criminals ' are hunted down by theatrical , pro - wresting - esquire ' stalkers'.<br /><br />Some , however , try and speak up against the government . When a group of hungry people hold a protest in the town of Bakersfield , California , a helicopter piloted by Richards is sent to ' calm ' ( i.e. kill ) the protest . When Richards refuses to fire on innocent people , he is arrested and framed for the murder of the people in the crowd . He is sentenced to a slave labour camp , but escapes with the aid of a resistance leader ( Yaphet Kotto ) and goes on the run.<br /><br />However , his freedom does not last long , and after he kidnaps network employee Amber Mendez ( Marita Conchita Alonso ) in an attempt to escape those pursuing him , he finds himself taken prisoner again , but this time he is forced to appear on The Running Man.<br /><br />And there , of course , the entire film kicks into standard Arnie mode . Richards is launched into the post - apocalyptic wasteland of Los Angeles ( why is LA always destroyed in these dystopian worlds ? ) and forced to run from the ' stalkers ' , along with two other prisoners who escaped from the labour camp with him . Amber also becomes curious about Richards ' protestations of innocence , and discovers he was framed . Guess what happens to her , then ? So , as Amber , Richards and the two other guys run around trying to avoid the stalkers , we soon become aware that Richards is no ordinary cop . He 's Super Arnie , the unkillable one man army who can collapse evil corporate dictatorships and fight obese men covered in Christmas lights all while being just your average American guy with an Austrian accent.<br /><br />Yes , the remainder of the film becomes dumb , loud , classic 80 's Arnie fun . There 's a lot of exciting fight sequences , the trademark dreadful puns ( ' He had to split ' being my favourite ) , and the general formulaic final confrontation and happy ending . It 's a lot of fun watching Killian react to it in the typical ' wholesome ' gameshow host way , as well , and some of the funniest moments in the show revolve around the contrast between his interactions with the crowd as the seemingly benevolent host ( watch out for the cursing old lady ! ) and the cold , cyncial man he is in reality who will do anything to increase ratings.<br /><br />If you expect a high - brow , intelligent film , you 'll be disappointed . But if you want a great 80s flick , well , this is it . But the great thing about this film is it was quite prophetic.<br /><br />If you look at the entertainment we have today , you 'll have noticed the way reality TV is going nowadays - shows featuring people willing to put themselves through anything for five minutes of fame , and producers all too willing to let them humiliate themselves on TV . It 's not too far a leap to imagine that some vile TV exec out there has been trying to get the right to show people be executed live on TV . We 've already had that , however , with the ghoulish al - Qaida hostage beheading videos posted on the internet . It seems that in the current climate , at least some people are perfectly fine with watching real death on their television sets.<br /><br />With that in mind , and coupled with the fact that everything these days appears to be a revival of the 80s , you have to be impressed by the far - sightedness of this film . Of course , we have n't reached there yet , as it 's terrorists , rather than the mainstream media , who have bought us easily available programs featuring real human death , but you just have to wonder how long it is before some exec decides to see if he can find a way of pitching a show that combines people 's desire for entertainment and desire to indulge their morbid curiosity ...
1 Arnold once again in the 80 's demonstrated that he was the king of action and one liners in this futuristic film about a violent game show that no contestant survives . But as the tag line says Arnold has yet to play ! The movie begins in the year 2019 in which the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials in short supply and a totalitarian state has arisen , controlling every aspect of life through TV and a police state . It 's most popular game show is The Running Man , in which criminals are forced to survive against " Stalkers " that live to kill them.<br /><br />The movie opens with Ben Richards ( Arnold ) leading a helicopter mission to observe a food riot in progress . He is ordered by his superiors to fire on them , refusing to gets him knocked out and thrown in prison , in the meantime they slaughtered the people without his help . The government blames Richards for the massacre earning him the name " Butcher of Bakersfield " . Eighteen months later Richards along with two friends William Laughlin ( Koto ) and Harold Weiss ( McIntyre ) breakout of a detention zone they worked in . They make their way to the underground , led by Mic ( Mick Fleetwood ) . Mic quickly identifies Richards as the " Butcher of Bakersfield " and refuses to help him , but his friend 's convince him otherwise . They want him to join the resistance , but he 'd rather go live with his brother and get a job . Soon he finds that his brother has been taken away for reeducation and a woman name Amber Mendez ( Alonso ) has taken his apartment . Knowing who he is she wo n't help him , but he convinces her , but is busted at the airport by the cops after she ratted him out.<br /><br />Meantime , The Running man is having trouble finding good new blood for the there stalkers to kill . Damon Killian ( Dawson ) the shows host and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richards escape footage and is able to get him for the show after his capture . Richards refuses to play , Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him , so he signs the contract . You 'll love that part . But soon he finds they will join him as well and makes sure Killian knows he 'll be back . The Runners begin to make there way through the Zones and fight characters that are memorable , Sub - Zero , Buzz Saw and many others . Eventually Richards is joined by Amber who suspected he was set up but was caught and thrown into the game too . Together they find the underground and make there way back to Killian and give him a farewell send off.<br /><br />The running man is another one of Arnold 's great movies from the 80 's . The movie was apparently somewhat based on Stephen King 's book of the same name . Some have said that the book is better . I 'm sure it 's not and I do n't care anyway I loved the movie . As in all of Arnold 's films the acting is what you would expect with classic one liners from Arnold and even Ventura gets a couple in . But without a doubt Richard Dawson is the standout in this film . Being a real game show host he easily spoofed himself and was able to create a character that was truly cold blooded . The whole movie itself somewhat rips on game shows and big brother watching you . Keep an eye out for them poking fun and some old shows , " hate boat " among others . Also the cast was great besides Arnold , Koto , and Alonzo do n't forget Professor Toru Tanaka , Jim Brown , Ventura and Sven - Ole ! With all the reality TV nonsense that goes on it almost fits in better now , but I 'm sure the Hollywood liberals would make it into a movie about the " Evil Bush " . The new DVD had mostly poor extras meet the stalkers being the only redeemable one . Some how the ACLU managed to get some of there communism into the DVD and is laughable garbage that should not be anywhere near an Arnold movie of all things . Blasphemy ! Overall for any Arnold fan especially we who grew up in the 80 's on him , you ca n't miss this . Its one of the first ones I saw back in the 80 's and it 's still great to this day . The futuristic world and humor are great . Overall 10 out 10 stars , definitely one of his best .
1 This is a classic action flick from the ' 80s featuring Arnold Schwarzenegger in one of his most memorable roles . Set in a futuristic police state where the government controls everything , including the television networks . One of their most popular TV shows is " The Running Man " , where convicted felons are hunted down and killed for the entertainment of millions . It 's set up like a game show , where the audience votes for their favorite " stalkers " , trained killers who hunt down and kill the show 's unlucky " contestants " . Audience members also win prizes for correctly predicting who will be killed by whom . And the host is played by none other than Family Feud 's Richard Dawson , who 's game show experience makes him well suited for this role . When Ben Richards ( Arnold ) is falsely accused of mass murder , he is forced to play this sadistic game.<br /><br />This movie is chock full of classic Arnold one - liners , such as his famous " I 'll be back " right before he enters the arena . And he taunts a stalker armed with a flamethrower with " How about a light ? " I could go on and on , but I do n't want to spoil the movie . It 's funny stuff!<br /><br />Whether it was intended or not , this movie serves as a great parody of today 's " Reality TV " craze . Already there are numerous programs that show people enduring pain and humiliation for the entertainment of viewers , and even court cases are televised for their " entertainment value " . Running Man demonstrates what would happen if reality TV hit rock bottom , and it is a scary picture . One can only hope that the networks have the common sense not to let it go that far.<br /><br />Overall , this is a fun film & I highly recommend it . 9 out of 10 !
1 THE RUNNING MAN , along with TOTAL RECALL , is my favorite Schwarzenegger movie . No , this is n't 2001 , but it 's not meant to be . And the acting and script here is n't even up to par with other Arnie movies like PREDATOR or THE TERMINATOR . But I submit that the IDEA behind this movie is one of the coolest ever to hit the big screen . A state - sponsored game show in which criminals convicted of serious crimes compete against " heroic " stalkers armed with all kinds of weapons ( the runners are equipped with none ) in order to satisfy the public 's lust for sport and blood . The ultimate prize for a winning runner : freedom . Or so the rules claim.<br /><br />For a movie with such over - the - top gory death scenes and cheesy one - liners , it really does have a lot to say . Someone else has pointed out all the commentary on culture / government presented in this movie , so I wo n't go into it here . Suffice it to say that if you can look beyond the seemingly silly feel of the movie , you will enjoy it very much ( especially if you 're a big SF fan with a lot of imagination ) . Like I said , it 's not trying to be a serious art film , but it IS surprisingly layered for a 80s shoot - em - up flick . The premise is borrowed from a Richard Bachman ( aka Stephen King ) short novel , but diverges fairly strongly from its source material , especially towards the end . ( The book ends rather nihilistically ; needless to say this movie does n't . ) I enjoyed both , but I like the movie better.<br /><br />My favorite line : " Guess it 's caused from steroids . "
1 If you were brought up on a diet of gameshows you 'll understand that you gradually need a bigger and better fix . Well , in the world of the Running Man , your needs will be sated . For in this game show , prisoners compete for freedom , and the ultimate prize - their very lives.<br /><br />I loved this film . It was such a parody on the mind - numbing tripe that we watch on a daily basis . It is n't one of Schwarzenegger 's best performances , but on the whole it is a very good film . The underlying idea that Television Corporations will one day be the " real " rulers of the planet is very believable , and is very well portrayed in this film . Of course there are the usual Arnie one - liners , my favourite is when he is about to be catapulted into the gamezone , the gameshow host asks " Any last words ? " Arnie says : " Yeah , I 'll be back " but the host quips " Only in a re - run " and presses the eject button . I give this film a 10 for sheer originality . I must have watched it 30 or more times . The only film apart from the Die Hard series that I watched this often!!<br /><br />In short , do not for a minute think that you own the T.V. - It owns you .....
1 Amongst the standard one liner type action films , where acting and logic are checked at the door , this movie is at the top of the class . If the person in charge of casting were to have put " good " actors in this flick , it would have been worse(excepting Richard Dawson who actually did act well , if you can call playing yourself " acting " ) . I love this movie ! The Running Man is in all likelihood God 's gift to man(okay maybe just men ) . Definitely the most quotable movie of our time so I 'll part you with my favorite line : " It 's all part of life 's rich pattern Brenda , and you better F*****g get used to it . " Ahh , more people have been called " Brenda " for the sake of quoting this film than I can possibly imagine .
1 Did n't Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that year ? This movie never had a chance , due to the casting , but perhaps by now people can see why I felt that way upon leaving the theater . Only " Wargames " left me feeling similarly disturbed after leaving the theater , with the feeling I was getting a glimpse of our future . History has shown that this is exactly what happened.<br /><br />The casting is a pop - culture Cuisinart of the 1980s : you get Arnold as Ben Richards , the framed fugitive offered a chance to " run " for his freedom on the game show with the same title as the movie ; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian , treating his role as if he were the host of Family Feud with the contestants using real guns ; Jesse Ventura as " Captain Freedom " and co - wrestler Professor Tanaka as " Subzero , " both " stalkers " who kill the " running men . " Even Mick Fleetwood ( Mic ) and Dweezil Zappa ( Stevie ) show up , while the " dancers of the future " are none other than the Laker Girls . This movie SCREAMS " 80s . " The plot is a good excuse for the action : Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence , but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his buddies would be set free ; instead , they join him as " contestants . " Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which one can properly judge Salma Hayek in the 1990s.<br /><br />The production value on the film was a bit poor , the lines were cheesy , and ( at the time ) , the plot seemed a bit far - fetched . I remember thinking when I was leaving the theater that we were definitely heading in the direction of the film , but who could have seen how far we 'd go there and how fast ? If The Running Man were listed in TV Guide , most people would assume it were just another reality show pushing the envelope today . The government influences on the media have only gotten worse , and the dumbed - down American public of the future that surrenders all of its freedoms for " national security " is downright chilling . Ben Richards is played brilliantly by Arnold as one of the few remaining holdouts against a government tyranny that the rest of America is all too willing to accept in return for good television and some parting gifts for the audience.<br /><br />The movie was way over the top , maybe even off the cliff for its time , but as with Back to the Future III , the " ravine " it appeared to be sinking itself into in 1987 was replaced by completed tracks in 2006 and beyond , and this movie will sail into the future as one of the more prophetic films of our time . It is tragic that , as with Wargames , the academy did not give this brilliant screenplay the recognition it deserved . " Serious " actors acting seriously while being so pretentious that you want to throw up may win more Oscars , but that does n't make them better films than their " common man " counterparts , such as this one.<br /><br />An absolute must - see .
1 This is one of the great movies of the 80s in MY collection that I think about all the time . < br /><br />The Running Man is one of Arnold`s best and most different films even to this day and when I first saw The Running Man I was so excited to see a movie like this . I just adore all of the fights and this is truly a special movie . It also has Jesse Ventura , the legendary Professor Toru Tanaka , Sven - Ole Thorsen , the beautiful Maria Conchita Alonso , Yaphet Kotto , Kurt Fuller , Richard Dawson , and Thomas Rosales Jr. who seems to always like death in his movies because he has been killed in such films as Universal Solder , The Lost World , Robo Cop 2 , Predator 2 , and among others . All Arnold fans should love this film from the beginning to the end because its action packed , star filled , and its one its one of Arnold`s best to date !
1 This comic book style film is funny , has nicely paced action and a great futuristic style to it . Writer Steven de Souza , who also wrote Commando , gives Arnie plenty of lines to dish out : " Send me a copy , " after signing a contract and stabbing a pen into the lawyers back ; " What a pain in the neck , " after strangling subzero with barbed wire ; " He had to split , " after slicing his body between his legs ; and finally , as Killian slams through a billboard bearing his own face , Arnie concludes , " Now that hit the spot . " Funnily enough , bears some similarities total recall , another sci - fi flick starring Schwarzenegger .
1 Running Man is n't a great movie , in fact it 's kinda silly . But it delivers what you want in an Arnie movie and that is action and entertainment . I do n't see how anyone could n't enjoy this picture , it 's so silly and over the top , that it almost makes fun of itself . By the way , this is probably one of the most quotable Arnie movies out there .
1 Running Man viciously lampoons the modern - day American media complex , and hits its target dead - center . It may be an easy target , but they pull it off none the less . RM effortless takes on pro - wrestling ( featuring some pro wrestlers as the Hunters ) , network television , the Nielsen ratings , the American government ( suggesting it 's entertainment - oriented anyway ) , crime & punishment , and a half - dozen other things along the way . It 's a far cry from the original Stephen King novella , and Arnold is not the Ben Richards of the novella either . But who cares ? It 's basically a Arnie flick , with all the well - choreographed action sequences and one - liners such an undertaking requires .
1 Why did n't Dynamo have any pants ? ! Where did they go ? ? It was never explained . That 's why this movie was so awesome . Plus Starsky gave his kids the AIDS ! ! ! ! Great acting too . Richard Dawson deserved to win Best Supporting Actor ! A I D S My favorite line from the movie was " That hit the spot " A I D S. This movie was for the " birds " . I tried to give this movie the " stinkeye " but it continued playing . What am I doing wrong ? ? ? ! ! ! ! I thought the " HATEBOAT " was funnnny lol ;) I would like that for a show . Why was n't Dynamo wearing pants . I know his arm WAS skewered but ... What 's up with those crazy futur nets . Why did n't that family feud guy Ray Combs get a net ? ? He could have used one . AIDSSSSS
1 Set in 2017 ( although one might easily mistake it for 1987 , judging by the hairstyles and clothing ) , The Running Man sees all - round good guy Ben Richards ( Schwarzeneggar ) framed for a crime he did n't commit . After a daring prison break , he is captured and entered as a contestant in the brutal TV game show The Running Man , along with some fellow escapees and the pretty token female , Amber ( Maria Conchita Alonso),.<br /><br />Used by the totalitarian government as a way of controlling the masses , the show pits convicts against a range of colourful ( and often quite camp ) opponents , each having his own unique killing style : Dynamo fires electricity from a special suit , Buzzsaw uses chainsaws , Sub Zero has a razor edged ice hockey stick , and Fireball prefers a flamethrower to finish off contenders . But these killers are no match for Ben Richards , who dispatches each one in a fittingly gruesome manner ( followed by the obligatory witticism).<br /><br />Towards the end of the movie , Ben joins a group of freedom fighters in a battle against the authorities , and gets to exact revenge on the show 's nasty host , Killian.<br /><br />Twenty years ago , Arnold Schwarzeneggar ruled the action - movie universe and , to his legion of fans , he could do no wrong . The Austrian beefcake had a successful formula that almost guaranteed box office success for his movies : comic book violence plus logic - free plot plus pretty female sidekick plus witty one - liners , minus acting ability equalled massive profits . The Running Man faithfully followed this blockbuster recipe to a T and Arnie 's ( mostly male teenage ) audience lapped it up ( myself included).<br /><br />Now , two decades later , and having just finished re - watching the movie for the first time in years , I find it a strange movie : one totally devoid of technical merit , decent acting , and convincing effects , yet somehow totally entertaining . Directed by Paul Michael Glaser ( best known as Det . Dave Starsky from cult 70s cop show , Starsky and Hutch ) , and adapted from a short story by Stephen King ( writing under the nom de plume , Richard Bachman ) , The Running Man is cheesy 80s tat that looks both incredibly cheap and very dated , yet despite ( or maybe because of ) the film 's shoddiness , it has a special charm which is hard to describe.<br /><br />With no attempt at creating a realistic near - future setting , the film provides plenty of unintentional giggles . Check out the scene in which Ben discovers Amber 's secret cache of forbidden cassette tapes ( ! ) ; marvel at the crap ' futuristic ' graphics used on advertising billboards and The Running Man board game ( as a graphic designer , I found these particularly amusing ) ; be amazed at the distinct lack of convincing technological advancements.<br /><br />The Running Man may be utter rubbish , but it is hugely entertaining utter rubbish that I have no hesitation in recommending to fans of Arnie and sci - fi action in general .
1 This is an Arnold movie . Now that you know that , I 've saved a lot of you the time it would have taken to read this review . If you do n't like Arnold , then you wo nt like this movie . If the case is the other , then you will very probably like it . It 's as simple as that.<br /><br />Now , if you 're still reading this I expect you like Arnold . Good for you ! He is quite good is n't he . The Running Man is a very typical Arnold feature . It 's got the usual retro - future we know so well from 80 's B - Sci Fi , it 's got a bunch of terrible one - liners , lots of violence and explosions , and a good - looking heroine and a happy ending.<br /><br />In this case , the evil opponent is the all - controlling 1984ish government , which uses television as an effective crowd - control with gladiator - type game shows . Arnold , of course , ends up in one of these shows and turns it all up - side - down , with a little help from his two confederates and the good - looking Amber.<br /><br />It 's not a big budget movie , but it still managed to create a pretty good atmosphere of the future , with some nice matte paintings and sets to help it . It 's hopelessly 80 's , but I find that charming . Acting is varying , Arnold doing his usual grunt and shout thing , with a helping of stone - faced one - liners . Heroine Amber is , to put it lightly , a bit stereotypical , and the subtly named Damen Killian is a typical evil TV man.<br /><br />In spite of all it 's flaws , the movie shows its message very clearly ; television is an opiate of the masses , a good way to control people . It also features some at the time futuristic digital video editing , allowing the bad guys to change faces in a video to fool their audience . This does not seem futuristic at all today , which is a bit alarming.<br /><br />If you 've seen Arnold movies before then you know when to watch this one . Enjoy .
1 Although this film is somewhat filled with eighties cheese i have a place for it in my DVD rack and i do n't know why . I think i like it because the moral of the story is ' television is garbage so turn it off and go and get a life ' . For those of you who do decide to heed the message then you should try reading the book , its nothing like the film at all . To ruin it for you at the end of the story a fatally wounded Richards ends up crashing a plane into the network building , killing himself , everyone inside and shutting down the network at the same time . I read it many years ago but today it would hard not to compare it to 9/11 .
1 I have seen The Running Man several times as I am a Stephen King fan and have all his movies but now it is even better because up until 2 days ago I did n't know about this website and I did n't realize that the Paul Michael Glaser that was involved with this movie was the same Paul Michael Glaser that I grow up watching on Starsky and Hutch television show . For me this is a pleasant surprise because I ca n't tell you how many times I cried when Starsky or Hutch got hurt . The episode where Starsky ( Kill Starsky ) almost died I cried so hard My dad had to turn away from the show . What to you expect of a kid at age 12 . Now , I intentionally look for films and programs involving Paul or David Soul and anything that Stephen King has his hands on I 'm so there ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Just got to say Happy birthday Paul ! ! ! ! !
1 The Running Man is one of those films that if overwatched , would become boring and depressing even.<br /><br />My advice is to watch it maybe once or twice a year with a couple of mates and a few drinks.<br /><br />In todays climate of TV Media domination and the capitalist mode in society it really does work as a revisionist social commentary , post 1980s - boom . Forget that though ! There are other brilliant and better reasons to watch this film.<br /><br />Schwarzenegger is on top form as Ben " The Butcher of Bakersfield " Richards , and the inclusion of Bond - belting one liners was completely inspired - thety are truly leg - end - dary ( with his rant to Killian over a camera the main highlight).<br /><br />The design of the stalkers is authentically American , and mirrors the characterizations seen in the PC ' Gladiators ' TV show , and the WWE as well . Buzz - saw 's grisly end will chill any viewer to the core ( as a foot note , why does his death stand out as particularly disturbing in what is ostensibly an upbeat actioner with a bitter sense of humour?)<br /><br />Jesse Venturer and Sven Ole Thorssen are great as backing muscle ( and are Arnies buds in real life ) , and its even got Mick Fleetwood in it too ! What more could you ask for?<br /><br />I highly recommend the Running Man if you 're looking for a great piece of entertaining action , with a glossty finish and some great characters . Just do n't expect an education from it ( at least on surface value).<br /><br />Quality , I bloody love it actually . You will too unless you 're a thesp . 7/10
1 Another Excellent Arnold movie . This futuristic movie has great action in it , and is one of Arnie 's best movies . Arnold is framed as a bad guy in this movie and plays a Game of Death . This movie is excellent and a great Sci - Fi / action movie . I 've always liked this movie and it has to be one of the greatest adventure movies of all time . 10 out of 10 ! PERFECTION
1 Another Spanish movie about the 1936 Civil War . This time we 're told about the story of Carol ( lovely played by débutant Clara Lago ) , a little girl which comes to live to a little Spanish village from New York . It is such an initiating trip , and soon she 'll find about the injustices of the human race , their stupid fights and conflicts , their contradictions.<br /><br />Imanol Uribe makes his best film since " Días Contados " ( 1994 ) with such a sober pulse , a beautiful photography , and a nice script . He tries not to take part in the conflict , he just shows us some facts and let us decide ( ok , the facts are explicit enough to make us decide in which band are we in ) and he takes a huge advantage of the presence and the freshness of the young starring couple : Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta.<br /><br />A well cared production.<br /><br />My rate : 7/10
1 Carol , the young girl at the center of the story , is transplanted to a foreign land , Spain , at the height of the Civil War conflict in the late 30s . For this girl , everything is new , in it 's foreignness . The war and her father are her constant worries , while she has to immerse herself in a provincial culture that is years behind what she has in New York.<br /><br />Imanol Uribe directs this film by the numbers . Carol 's family is obviously divided , while Carol 's mother is married to someone that is an air force pilot with the leftist faction , the rest of the family 's sympathies are with the Franco and the fascists that won the conflict.<br /><br />The story adds nothing to what has already been told , much better , but it 's an easy film to watch . Northern Spain 's magnificent landscape is shown . Do n't expect a lot of action since most of what happens revolves around Carol and the young boys she befriends.<br /><br />Clara Lago plays Carol with sincerity and innocence . Maria Barranco is Carol 's mother Aurora , the one that went away to America . Rosa Maria Sarda is Maruja , the teacher who befriends Carol . Carmelo Gomez , plays Alfonso , the man that Aurora left behind when she left for America . This actor , who usually has lead roles in most Spanish films , does n't have anything to do , as he remains an enigma throughout the movie .
1 Yesterday my Spanish / Catalan wife and myself saw this emotional lesson in history . Spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again . That is why this masterpiece should be shown in all Spanish High Schools . It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism . The American pilot who gets involved in the Spanish Civil War chooses for the democratically elected Republican Government . The criminal role of religion is surprisingly well shown in one of the most inventive scenes that Uribe ever made . The colors are magnificent . The cruelty of a war ( could anybody tell me the difference between Any war and a Civil war ? ) is used as a scenario of hope when two young children express their feelings and protect each other . The cowards that start their abuse of power even towards innocent children are now active again . A film like ' El viaje de Carol'/ ' Carol 's journey ' tells one of the so many sad stories of the 20th Century . It is a better lesson in history than any book could contain . Again great work from the Peninsula Iberica !
1 This is a very good Spanish movie but I am worried that many out there will feel lost because many around the world have no idea what the Spanish Civil War was all about or when it was fought . Being a history teacher , I had a big advantage but could easily see how the film could be confusing until you piece together all the pieces . I doubt if this would be a big concern in Spain where this film was made , but for other audiences they may be a bit confused until later in the film.<br /><br />The movie begins with 12 year - old Carol and her mother returning to her mother 's home town . Years have passed and you gather that they are coming to Spain from New York City . Despite the strangeness , Carol speaks reasonably good Spanish and much of the film is about how she adapts . As for why her and her mother are alone , I 'll spill it now for those who do n't pick up on the fact that Carol 's father is fighting in the war on the side of the Republicans ( who eventually lost in this very bloody conflict).<br /><br />The movie gets exceptional marks for its lovely camera work and music . The rather slow and rambling pace is n't bad provided you are someone who can accept films this way . I have seen several other Spanish films about this war and this compares pretty well to them -- not better or worse -- just a decent slice of life film about those who are left behind as well as a nice coming of age flick.<br /><br />PS -- If you do n't know which side is which , the Republicans were mostly Socialists and they were backed by the Soviet Union and Mexico as well as volunteers from many countries ( including the USA ) . The Nationalists were led by Franco and were aided by Portugal and the Fascist states of Germany and Italy .
1 Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after viewing . Such is the case for CAROL 'S JOURNEY ( EL VIAJE DE CAROL ) , a beautifully crafted 2002 film from Spain based on the novel ' A boca de noche ' by Ángel García Roldán who also adapted the book as a screenplay . War and its consequences are not new subject matter for films , but when that war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters ( especially children ) who must face adult life influenced by the games of adults , the result is a different and more tender examination of the coming of age film genre.<br /><br />Carol ( Clara Lago ) is a 12-year - old Spanish American youngster from New York who with her critically ill mother Aurora ( María Barranco ) returns to her Aurora 's home in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War , a home that has been left deserted by her father Don Amalio ( Álvaro de Luna ) since his wife 's death . Carol 's father Robert ( Ben Temple ) is a fighter pilot who has sided with the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family . Aurora has a past : she left her lover Alfonso ( Alberto Jiménez ) to marry Robert , and Alfonso in turn married Aurora 's cold sister Dolores ( Lucina Gil ) . Carol is an independent girl who remains aloof to all but her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets others her age but not of her ' class ' : Tomiche ( Juan José Ballesta ) and his two friends at first resent Carol , but as events develop Carol and Tomiche are bonded by what feels like the first awakenings of love . When Aurora dies of her illness , Carol must live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca ( Luna McGill ) , yet turns to her grandfather for support and to her mother 's best friend and teacher Maruja ( the always radiant Rosa Maria Sardà ) to understand the disparity between classes and the senseless war that keeps her beloved father from her side . Through a series of incidents Carol and Tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults , facing more traumas in a brief period of the war than most of us experience in a lifetime . The ending , though sad , is uplifting as Carol 's journey to maturity is complete.<br /><br />The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains some extraordinarily beautiful settings captured with gentle sensitive lighting by cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the musical score by Bingen Mendizábal . Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line separating pathos from bathos , and in electing to concentrate the story on the children involved , he makes an even stronger statement about the futility and cruelty of war . The cast is exceptional : the stars clearly are young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta , but they are supported by the fine veteran actors in the adult roles . This is a visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than it has to this date . Grady Harp
1 I was deeply moved by this movie in many respects . First of all , I just want to say that Clara Lago was the most precious little thing ! Such a pretty little girl . Her acting was superb as well . True to life and very human . Though I do n't like the part where she had to smoke ; I hope it was only a fake prop . Either way , she was absolutely wonderful and the story was so moving . I found myself immersed in the story and her character.<br /><br />It 's quite interesting how I came to discover this movie actually . I was walking in blockbuster and I just happened to notice her pretty smile on the cover as I was walking by . Luckily I glanced in the downward direction that this movie was in ! I thought to myself , ' Awe , look at her ! ' So I picked it up and saw that this movie was described as such wonderful things as " A Little Gem . " I read the plot on the back and then thought that , well , maybe I 'd look it up on IMDb first and then come back and rent it at a later time . I 'm glad I did n't , because I certainly would have been missing out . After searching for a movie with my friend , I knew that I would end up regretting not renting this film , so I went back to the spot in which I originally found it and snapped it up.<br /><br />It had been on my dresser for a week , since school started for me this week and I really had n't any time to watch it , but tonight was the perfect opportunity . I popped it in and was glued to the beautiful cinematography , delightful score and moving plot from beginning to end . I was so captivated and must say , some parts nearly moved me to tears.<br /><br />I would also like to make a special mention for the young boy in this film , Juan Jose Ballesta . He was remarkable . Also the actor who played Carol 's father , who 's name is unfortunately not listed on the site . His voice was just so loving and gentle that I could really sense his love for Carol . Even though his appearance is not prominent , I really felt his character 's presence.<br /><br />This is truly a wonderful movie . If you are a person who is moved by light , but emotional films , then this is definitely one for you .
1 CAROL 'S JOURNEY is a pleasure to watch for so many reasons . The acting of Clara Lago is simply amazing for someone so young , and she is one of those special actors who can say say much with facial expressions . Director Imanol Urbibe presents a tight and controlled film with no break in continuity , thereby propelling the plot at a steady pace with just enough suspense to keep one wondering what the nest scene will bring . The screenplay of Angel Garcia Roldan is story telling at its best , which , it seems , if the major purpose for films after all . The plot is unpredictable , yet the events as they unravel are completely logical . Perhaps the best feature of this film if to tell a story of the Spanish Civil War as it affected the people . It was a major event of the 20th century , yet hardly any Americans know of it . In fact , in 40 years of university teaching , I averaged about one student a semester who had even heard of it , much less any who could say anything comprehensive about it -- and the overwhelming number of students were merit scholars , all of which speaks to the enormous amount of censorship in American education . So , in one way , this film is a good way to begin a study of that event , keeping in mind that when one thread is pulled a great deal of history is unraveled . The appreciation of this film is , therefore , in direct relation to the amount of one 's knowledge . To view this film as another coming of age movie is the miss the movie completely . The Left Elbow Index considers seven aspects of film-- acting , production sets , character development , plot , dialogue , film continuity , and artistry -- on a scale for 10 for very good , 5 for average , and 1 for needs help . CAROL 'S JOURNEY is above average on all counts , excepting dialogue which is rated as average . The LEI average for this film is 9.3 , raised to a 10 when equated to the IMDb scale . I highly recommend this film for all ages .
1 Clara Lago is wonderful as the title character of the film , essentially a film about a Spanish / American girl who moves to Spain with her mom at the time of the Spanish Civil War . It turns out , the mother goes home to die , and she is left with her grandfather . She also makes friends and experiences much in a short time . Tomiche ( Juan Jose Ballestra ) is at first a nuisance to her then they become close . The film is shot beautifully , bathed in soft colors mostly . Carol yearns for her dad , who is a pilot in the war , and you can feel the love sher has for him . While the war itself is kind of taken a back seat in this film , it envelops the character 's lives . I think you 'll like it . See it especially for Clara Lago , who does a great job as Carol . She is definitely one to watch .
1 I just saw " Behind Bedroom Doors , " and this was the first softcore flick with a solid story behind it that I 've seen in a while.<br /><br />We begin with two neighborly couples -- Vivian and James Fenway ( Julia Kruis and Eric Carrington ) , and Lillian and Gabe Harris ( Nicole Sheridan and Chris Gustafson ) . Vivian appears to be a housewife , James is a lawyer running for district attorney , Lillian works in real estate , and Gabe is a successful plastic surgeon . Got all that ? Now , let 's get into it.<br /><br />Enter Abby , played beautifully by porn star Chelsea Blue . She 's renting the house across the street from the Fenways and lives all by herself . At the beginning of the movie , James looks out his window and sees Abby engaged in playtime with her girlfriend , Gigi ( played by prolific pornstress Monique Alexander ) and secretly begins to wonder what it would be like to be with her . The next day , Abby gets acquainted with all four of them , and appears to be a nice woman who just happens to be living an alternative lifestyle . She makes a pass at Vivian , who seems startled and says to her , " Oh ... I'm ... not that way . " Everything seems okay ... until the plan gets set in motion < br /><br />First , Abby shows up at Gabe 's office , naked , asking Gabe if she should get a boob job . This is where we get our quote of the movie:<br /><br />"Tell me about Gabe . " " What do you want to know ? " " Is Gabe happily married ? " " I 'm married . " " There 's trouble ..... let me guess . Your wife stays at home , and does everything you ask . But , she 's a good girl . " " Yes . " " She 's not a bad girl ? " " No . " " Does that door have a lock on it?" < br /><br />You know what happens next .... Abby gets it on with Gabe , right there in the exam room . After that , she puts on a little show in her window for James , who comes over and wastes no time in having sex with her . What James does n't know is that the teddy bear on the piano with the flashing red eye is really a camera taping all the festivities ( it 's so obvious anyway ) . Abby has sex with Gabe again later , and this time Gigi joins in to make it a three - way . Now that Abby has something on both men , she requests $ 100,000 from each in order to buy her silence . Not only could she ruin James 's run for office , but she could destroy Gabe 's practice.<br /><br />While Gabe and James wrestle with their guilt , Abby finds time to seduce Lillian -- who " experimented " with women in college . That was a long time ago , but you would n't know that seeing her in action with Abby -- she looked like an old pro.<br /><br />While Gigi goes along with the plan , she 's seems jealous of all the sex her girlfriend is having . " It 's only business , " Abby says . Confessions and apologies are sure to follow , as is some startling info on Abby 's true identity -- it seems she 's been doing the same thing to different men in many different places . Gabe and James use this info to fight back against Abby 's blackmail.<br /><br />Now , on to the sex . The sex scenes were pretty good , and considering all the women involved in this film except for Julia Kruis have a lengthy porn background , I would n't have expected anything less . Nicole Sheridan 's four scenes were the best of the movie , with the three - way coming in a close second . Monique Alexander only got naked once , but she was a relatively minor character . Julia Kruis was a major character and got naked the same number of times . I suppose since she was surrounded by experienced hardcore pros , she did n't have to have as many sex scenes.<br /><br />To wrap up , " Behind Bedroom Doors " had a great storyline , which enhanced the overall grade of the film . I consider it tapeworthy.<br /><br />Women : A- ( Nicole Sheridan was good in this film -- better than her later offerings in Fred Olen Ray 's comedies . At least she can do drama somewhat . Chelsea Blue was a scene stealer -- she was n't that bad as the antagonist . I 'd give her an A all by herself . Julia Kruis was her usual self . I wish Monique Alexander had more face time in this film , though.)<br /><br />Sex : B ( Solid , very solid sex scenes . Nicole Sheridan 's performances were almost hardcore quality . Chelsea Blue looked good in her scenes , too . The two girl - girl offerings were n't scorching , but they did warm up the screen.)<br /><br />Story : B+ ( I liked the dialogue and the main storyline . Chelsea Blue 's performance was good for the genre , and I was impressed with Nicole Sheridan 's turn at drama.)<br /><br />Overall : B ( This was a nice softcore flick . I 'm glad I was able to watch this one , as I was pleasantly surprised . If Chelsea Blue ever wanted to do more of these , she 'd be welcome anytime . That goes for Nicole Sheridan , too -- even though she 's probably better at doing comedy . I do n't mind hardcore girls who can act doing softcore films . )
1 If I 'm going to watch a porn movie , I prefer it to have some sort of plot , and a descent dialogue . Behind Bedroom Doors is one of the few I 've come across with those attributes.<br /><br />The new girl next door scams on the neighbor 's human nature and weaknesses where seduction and sex concerned . Chelsea Blue,(I mean Brooke LaVelle ) is the choice actress to play the part of the blackmailing seductress , and plays the part magnificently . Chelsea Blue is a very talented and extremely beautiful actress . The movie get 's an overall 10 just because she is in it . Her partner in the movie , Monique Alexander is a definite cutie . The two should do more work together . In this movie , though , Monique , who plays Gigi , does n't have a whole lot to do or say . That 's too bad . She seems like she has more talent to be shared . I like the girl who was the ( possible ) DA 's wife next . I forget her name , but she 's pretty good looking , and not a bad actress . Nicole Sheridan ... I'm still trying to figure out what some people are so excited about . It 's obvious there are parts of her bought an paid for . Which is okay , but is she finished ? Sorry , but come on ! I 'm afraid her performance here would have dropped the rating some , except Chelsea 's talent and beauty overrides any negatives . Overall , This movie is a good one .
1 It may be the remake of 1987 Autumn 's Tale after eleven years , as the director Mabel Cheung claimed . Mabel employs rock music as the medium in this movie to express her personal attitude to life , in which love , desire and the consequential frustration play significantly crucial roles . Rock music may not be the best vehicle to convey the profound sentiment , and yet it is not too inappropriate to utilize it as the life of underground rock musicians is bitterly more intense than an ordinary one . The director focuses on the depiction of subtle affection and ultimate vanity of life rather than mere rock music . The love between father and son , lovers , and friends is delicately and touchingly delivered through the fine performance . Mabel does not attempt to beautify rock musicians as artists at all , instead , she tries to reproduce a true life on screen , making huge efforts of years ' working on this project and gathering information in Beijing underground pubs.<br /><br />Daniel has given probably the best performance in all his movies made so far . His innate dispiritedness and reticence fit the blue mood of the film perfectly .
1 I really like this movie because in Australia , Chinese movies like these never get shown during prime time . I must say this is one of the best serious movies ever , which outlines the difference between the Hong Kong people , and mainland Chinese . It really shows that there 's discomfort between the two , but can only get better as HK are learning Mandarin . It also showed me how in mainland China the indie rock scene exists , and that Chinese people do know how to strum the guitar and get the house funking ! Whoever said China is n't ready for rock music ? Daniel Wu is absolutely superb , with his clean and crisp voice , honest acting , and a total chick magnet . I recommend this movie to those who do n't know much about Asian people to cleanse themselves from the typical Western stereotypes , and people who just love Chinese / Asian cinema like myself . Check it out !
1 it 's a lovely movie , it deeply reflects the Chinese underground bands ' current lives . if you chinese culture , traditionaled rock n roll music , there you go , i will highly recommend this one .but one thing i am wondering is whether this movie has been showed in Mainland ? i sorta doubt it , :D
1 Look , although we do n't like to admit it , we 've all have to suppress our fears concerning the extreme likelihood of experiencing the events that take place in this movie . You know : you get into your car and you immediately start thinking,"Gosh , I hope today is n't the day that my accelerator sticks at a comfortable cruising speed of 55 mph , all four door latches break in the locked position , both my main and emergency brake fail , my ignition switch ca n't be turned off , and I 've got a full tank of gas ; all simultaneously . " Fortunately , for most of us , our Thorazine kicks - in before we actually decide that it 's a bad idea to be driving a car . Not so for the makers of the harrowing , white - knuckle , edge - of - your - seat ( if only in preparation to leave the room ) action juggernaut , " Runaway Car " But they go ahead and drive anyway!<br /><br />I am endlessly pleased to have found ( thanks to the imdb ) that this movie is real , and that I did n't merely dream it.<br /><br />This movie is , at the very least , one of the fantastic sights you will see on your journey to find the El Dorado of Very Bad Cinema.<br /><br />I highly recommend it .
1 How this has not become a cult film I do not know . I think it has been sadly overlooked as a truly ingenious comedy!<br /><br />"Runaway Car " attempts to pass itself off as a fast - paced thriller , but taking the quality of acting ( good God it 's bad ) , the storyline , the practicalities of the car 's demonic possession and the baby evacuation scene into account there is nothing you can really do but laugh . And laugh you will . Films are made to entertain us , and the degree to which they do this can be an indication of a film 's worth . This film is the pinnacle in entertainment , I laughed from beginning to end . At one point I got short of breath and nearly choked , it really is that funny at some points . When the baby was airlifted out of the sunroof in a holdall by a helicopter with a robot pilot who managed to maintain a constant velocity identical to the car and a perfectly flat flight plain that meant the grapple hook did n't rip the car roof to pieces , I was laughing hysterically . But when the baby starting swinging around in the air , nearly hit a bridge and almost got tangled up in a tree , tears were running down my face.<br /><br />It also occurred to me that the black cop was the guy who played Jesus in Madonna 's " Like A Prayer " video . He seems to get everywhere .
1 In light of bad reviews - or car crashes - I feel possessed to get in gear and make a transmission to give merit where due , and do a service . I 'm not sure people have license to say it was so bad , almost automatically.<br /><br />It 's rare for a movie to have SUSPENSE . This movie maintained suspense it 's whole length , for me , despite any flaws that may be . How many films can say that ? Not even many big ones . Because of the simple premise you do n't know if the people will get out of the life - threatening situation , which lasts the whole movie . Yeh , the suspension was tight , and over some bumps the shocks did their work . It 's not just a TV movie , but an all - action movie ; there is no point where it stops , or deviates , or becomes talky . It would be hard to make a film like this , always on the road . Only Duel , or Speed , are this that I recall . The best thing in them also was the constant tension.<br /><br />ACTING is not bad : The Judge is as good as ever , and the others are . < br /><br />SCRIPT is good . But the jury is out as to whether it sometimes may be - or seem to be - a little awry . What seems unrealistic is not necessarily so . Your first judgments are not always right , but I think the lead actor 's was right in being in this movie.<br /><br />STUNTS are mostly terrific , especially for a TV movie . Their only failing may be the noticeable , and again , apparent , slow speed . But we all know how deceivingly slow Grand Prix cars can look.<br /><br />I liked that THE BEGINNING said , " inspired by a true story . " So you are not going to go how much is true ? You know just the basis is . The usual " based on a true story " makes me think it should mostly be true . But maybe that 's my error.<br /><br />HOW TO SAVE THEM : Good idea of the reviewer to suggest a tow truck to lift the back wheels up . Just a few inches would do . A stunt driver could do that at 100 mph . Odd that they did n't call a car expert - or auto electrician or mechanic - to see if there 's a way.<br /><br />I hope this review has put in reverse that this film is a disaster . Or at least neutral . And help it become a runaway success.<br /><br />Pic quality is a little soft for a DVD.<br /><br />SPOILER : They would have been winched out after the baby was , but strangely that life - saving idea was cleverly dealt with in some joking conversation to fade it out . I guess we know why . End of movie . Suspension of disbelief went out the top window with the baby .
1 just watched it on sky TV missed the first half an hour . i did wonder if it was a true story so watched it to the end . there was no brief at the end to say what happened to everyone . it did remind me of speed but at the end of the day i do n't suppose it was released at the cinema as we did see the following error . the goof that we saw was that they remove the bonnet ( hood ) and then later on there are two shots of the car with the police car in front trying to slow it down when the bonnet is back on . it did have me on the edge of my seat especially when i thought the baby was going to hit the bridge and of course when the bridge was n't going to be lowered and then it was . I 'm afraid i did burst into tears so it was n't that bad ! ! ! !
1 i thought it was pretty interesting my social studies / language arts teacher was the police chief guy that was holding the microphone on the water barrel part =D i was excited my teacher is in some commercials he was in a gas / coffee / phone / play station commercial its nice seeing him on TV he was also on everybody hates Chris except he always get the small part la la why do we have to right 10 lines that s so stupid -_- i think I 'm done never mind I 'm still not done what is this a joke ? why do we have to go all the way to line ten ... really what 's the point of it ? ? ! ! i will just right random words for now -_- maple story is fun i love my friends
1 This film was great.<br /><br />The plot was preposterous.<br /><br />The action sequences contrived.<br /><br />But , provided you can lighten up enough to laugh , it was a throughly thrilling romp combining Keystone Cops and the Lone Ranger.<br /><br />The baddies were more silly than bad . The good guys were n't too good . The black actors played normal characters rather than black stereotypes.<br /><br />The inclusion of a baby added a good touch . Sympathy might have been a little difficult otherwise . < br /><br />I have to disagree about the acting . It was , on the whole , very good . I really wanted to punch Judge Reinhold.<br /><br />And , after all , is n't that the mark of a really good movie , wanting to punch Judge Reinhold ?
1 I can still remember first seeing this on TV . I could n't believe TVNZ let it on ! I had to own it ! A lot of the humor will be lost on non - NZ'ers , but give it a go ! < br /><br />Since finishing the Back of the Y series Matt and Chris have gone on to bigger and better ( ? ) things . NZ 's greatest dare - devil stuntman , Randy Campbell has often appeared on the British TV series Balls of Steel . Yes , he still f^@ks up all his stunts because he is too drunk.<br /><br />Also the ' house band ' Deja Voodoo have since released 2 albums , Brown Sabbath and Back in Brown . The band consists of members of the Back of the Y team and singles such as ' I Would Give You One of My Beers ( But I 've Only Got 6 ) ' and ' You Were n't Even Born in The 80 's ' continue their humor.<br /><br />The South - By - Southwest film festival also featured their feature length film ' The Devil Made Me Do It ' which will be released early 2008 in NZ.<br /><br />All up , if you do n't find these guys funny then you can just F%^K OFF ! !
1 As a knowledgeable fan I recommend this film as faithful to the facts and well acted . As an 11 year old living in Istanbul I heard some friends talking about a new music sensation that caused girls to scream . I thought hmmmm , if girls like them , they must be crap . My only records until then were Haley Mills , The Everly Brothers & Ricky Nelson . Soon after while on vacation with the family at a military cafeteria in Ismir I heard a song ( which I later learned was ' Love Me Do ' ) and was floored by the difference between it and every song I had ever heard until then . When I heard the ' Meet The Beatles ' album of my older brother I was hooked for life . Having read the definitive book of their beginnings ( by Davis ) I was surprised that this movie followed the facts very well with the exception of leaving out most of the sex and some of the drug use ( it did touch on the use of methadrine / dexadrine ) . >
1 " Birth of the Beatles " , for being a US television movie , released in the fall of 1979 has actually been , so far the best movie which tells the tale of the the four lads from Liverpool that revolutionized the music industry and the world . As told by the point of view of former Beatle Pete Best . The performance from the entire cast is excellent but , most especially the performance by Stephen Mackenna as John Lennon and Rod Culbertson as Paul McCartney . The film was produced by a legend of the Rock and Roll era , Mr Dick Clark . Who a year earlier in 1978 had produced another TV movie , that has stood the test of time starring " Kurt Rusell " in the lead role about another musical legend ; " ELVIS " . That movie was directed by an unknown director named " John Carpenter " who went on to direct other successful movies such as ; " Halloween","Escape From New York " , and " The Thing " . The same can be said for the director of the " Birth of the Beatles " , Mr Richard Marquand . He went on to direct other theatrical blockbusters such as " Star Wars Return of the Jedi","Eye of the Needle",and " Jagged Edge " among many . The only other film that tells the story of the Fab Four that I know of , is Back Beat which had a theatrical release in 1994 . However , the critics did not care for it , nor did the public , for it did not have a long life span in the theater . Birth of the Beatles is very charming and simplistic film that gives you the essence of the beginning of the legend and the struggles & hardships they went thru and ends at there pinnacle of success when they arrive in NYC and appear in the Ed Sullivan show in 1964 . I highly recommend this film .
1 The idea of making a film about the Beatles sounds doomed idea , as no production can catch the idea of the actual historic Beatles . Then it is perhaps best not to try to recreate the past , but to produce an illustration that works best with the other available Beatles material . This is exactly what ' Birth of the Beatles ' offers to us , the simple story known to us without any extravaganza.<br /><br / > * * * SPOILERS here on * * * < br /><br />Be warned that not everything is that accurate as some Beatles - graduates might expect . The Beatles are seen performing songs that hardly were even composed by that time . The Beatles perform " Ask Me Why " , " P.S. I Love You " and even " Do n't Bother Me " . The Beatles - graduates should see that if the Beatles on the film only performed songs that they actually did at Hamburg , the younger viewers might not anymore recognize the Beatles they have learned to know them . Of that original Hamburg repertoire only " Johnny B. Goode " and Stu Sutcliffe 's " Love Me Tender " are retained.<br /><br />The guys who play the Beatles in this production scarcely look like the originals , but the rest of the film still make good viewing as the film is for the rest fairly accurate . The guy who plays Lennon does it good and the rest of the band are not bad either . Brian Epstein is great and the moment when he sacks Pete Best from the group is probably the most memorable scene in the whole film . Also as a bonus you get to see the original Cavern club in the film .
1 Having just watched this film again from a 1998 showing off VH-1 , I just had to comment.<br /><br />The first time I saw this film on TV , it was about 1981 , and I remember taping it off of my mother 's betamax . It wound up taping in black and white for some reason , which gave it a period look that I grew to like.<br /><br />I remember very distinctively the film beginning with the song , " My Bonnie " , as the camera panned over a scene of Liverpool . I also remember the opening scene where Paul gestures to some girls and says , " Look , talent ! " So it was with great irritation that I popped in my 1998 taped version and " remembered " that the film opens with " She Loves You " , instead of " My Bonnie " . When you see how slowly the camera pans vs. the speed of the music , you can see that " She Loves You " just does n't fit . Also , in this " later " version when Paul sees the girls , he says , " Look , GIRLS!" .. and somehow having remembered the earlier version , THAT word just did n't seem to fit , either . Why they felt they had to Americanize this film for American audiences is beyond me . Personally , if I 'm going to watch a film about a British band , I want all of the British colloquialisms and such that would be a part of their speech , mannerisms , etc.<br /><br />Another irritation was how " choppy " the editing was for television . Just after Stu gets beaten , for example , the film cuts to a commercial break - LOTS of 'em . Yeah , I know it depends on the network , but it really ruins the effect of a film to have it sliced apart , as we all know . What some people might find as insignificant in terms of dialogue ( and thereby okay to edit ) , may actually go the way of explaining a particular action or scene that follows.<br /><br />My point is , the " best " version of this film was probably the earlier version I taped from 1981 , which just so happened to include the " Shake , Rattle & Roll " scene that my 1998 version did n't . I started to surmise that there had to have been two different versions made for television , and a look at the " alternate versions " link regarding this film proved me right . That the American version had some shorter / cut / different scenes and/or dialogue is a huge disappointment to me and something worth mentioning if one cares about such things . Imo , ones best bet is to try and get a hold of the European version of this film , if possible , and ( probably even less possible ) , an unedited version . Sadly , I had to discard my old betamax European version because I did n't know how to convert it.<br /><br />All that aside , I found this film to be , perhaps , one of the best films regarding the story behind the " birth of the Beatles " . Being well aware that artistic and creative license is often used in movies and TV when portraying events in history , I did n't let any discrepancies mar my enjoyment of the film . Sure , you see the Beatles perform songs at the Cavern that made me wonder , " Did they even write that back then ? ? I do n't think so " , but , nevertheless , I thought it was a great film and the performances , wonderful.<br /><br />The real stand - out for me , in fact , was the actor who played John , Stephen MacKenna . I just about fell in love with him . His look , mannerisms , personality and speaking voice seemed to be spot - on . He looked enough like a young John for me to do a double - take towards the end of the film when you see the Beatles performing on Ed Sullivan for the first time . I actually found myself questioning whether or not it was actual Beatle footage , until I saw the other actors in the scene.<br /><br />If you 're looking for a dead accurate history of The Beatles ' life and beginnings , you ca n't get any better than , " The Beatles ' Anthology " , as it was " written " by the boys ' , themselves . However , if you 're looking for a fun snapshot of their pre - Beatlemania days leading up to their arrival in America and you leave your anal critical assessments at the door , you ca n't go wrong with the " Birth of the Beatles "-- a MUST for any " real " or casual Beatle fan .
1 There are a number of things that are not correct , although this is not too important since what happened to whom and when is still in dispute . The most blatant liberty with the facts I think is when they start to play at Bruno Koschmidder 's Kaiserkeller , when in fact they played at the Indra and moved to the Kaiserkeller later.<br /><br />I agree with Semprinni20 that the film was biased in favour of Pete Best 's version , but if he is the story consultant then I guess he calls the shots . I also agree with Semprinni that the recordings Pete Best plays on say the last word on the subject of why he was fired.<br /><br />Although the film is not such a lavish production as the later film " Backbeat " , I prefer this film because it is more accurate , and because it has a better script with deeper characterisation.<br /><br />There is plenty in the film that is quite substantial - such as Brian Epstein trying to hide the fact that he has been " queer - bashed , " only to find out that the band knew he was Gay all along . Little touches like the band going into a café and ordering " Corn - Flakes mit Milch . " My favourite scene , which does have some bassis in fact , is where at an audition Stuart Sutcliffe has just bought his bass guitar but ca n't play it , so he stands with his back to the impresario and tries faking it , but gets caught . That 's rock ' n ' roll.<br /><br />Well worth watching .
1 A true dark noir movie and a very graphic film , nice storyline of a man pursuing redemption , that may have just left it all too late . Visually there are some really nice scenes artistically amazing as to what can be done with a minimal budget . Full marks to Gareth Maxwell Roberts and team , I look forward to the next project with new ideas although hopefully more British actors would be great . Lisa Ray looked lovely not seen her before and hope to see her again in the future . Subject all interesting Sex , Drugs and Violence . Bring it on . I would definitely say to rent this one and check it out if you 're in the mood for a semi moody noir .
1 This movie really surprised me . I had my doubts about it at first but the movie got better and better for each minute . < br /><br />It is maybe not for the action seeking audience but for those that like an explicit portrait of a very strange criminal , man , lover and husband . If you 're not a fan of bad language or sexual content this really is not for you . < br /><br />The storyline is somewhat hard to follow sometimes , but in the end I think it made everything better . The ending was unexpected since you were almost fouled to think it would end otherwise . < br /><br />As for the acting I think it was good . It will not be up for an Oscar award for long but it at least caught my eye . Gil Bellows portrait of a prison man is not always perfect but it is very entertaining . Shaun Parkes portrait of Bellows prison mate Clinique is great and extremely powerful . On the downside I think I will put Esai Morales portrait of Markie.<br /><br />Take my advice and watch this movie , either you will love it or dislike it !
1 I started to watch this movie expecting nothing , just another movie to watch , but since the first twenty minutes , the artwork and main character , who is enigmatic , does n't talk much , really got me in this movie.<br /><br />I really liked this movie , it was dark , beautifully acted and really touching . It 's a bit slow but the immersion was complete . The directing was awesome by letting us know bits by bits the story leading to the conviction of Joey and his life behind bars . The music was really great and very well incorporated into the scenes . The ending was unexpected with a twist I did n't see coming . It 's not the kind of movie we see often .
1 Forget that this is a " B " movie . Forget that it is in many ways outdated . Instead give writer - director Ida Lupino much deserved credit for addressing a subject which at the time ( 1950 ) was taboo in Hollywood . To my knowledge , this was the first film to address the subject of rape and the emotional and mental effects that that crime has upon its victims.<br /><br />Although much of the cast 's acting is pedestrian at best , Mala Powers , who at the time was eighteen or nineteen , gives an excellent performance throughout as the traumatized young woman , Ann , who tries to run away from her " shame . " Based on her work in this film , I 'm surprised that she did not have a more successful acting career . Tod Andrews , too , has some fine moments as the minister who reaches out to help her.<br /><br />Ms Lupino , obviously working on a limited budget , was still able to create some memorable scenes such as the pursuit through the streets and alleys leading to the rape , and the police lineup following it . And , she created a bittersweet ending which left me wondering if Ann really could ever have a normal life again .
1 Ida Lupino was one of the few women to break through the directorial glass ceiling in Hollywood under the studio system . Not surprisingly , she also tackled proto - feminist themes that , when touched at all , were approached in so gingerly a manner that it was seldom quite clear what was being talked about . In Outrage , she treats rape and its aftermath , and though throughout the short movie it 's referred to as ` criminal assault , ' she leaves , for once , no doubt about what happened.<br /><br />Mala Powers ( in her official debut ) plays a secretary - bookkeeper at a big industrial plant ; she lives with her parents but is engaged to a swell guy ( Robert Clarke ) , who just got a raise and now makes $ 90 a week . Leaving the plant after working late one night , she finds herself being stalked . In the ensuing scene – the best in the movie – she tries to escape her pursuer in a forbidding maze of buildings and alleys but fails.<br /><br />When she returns home , disheveled and in shock , the police ca n't get much out of her ; she claims she never saw her attacker ( who manned a snack truck outside the factory ) . Trying to pretend that nothing happened , she returns to her job but falls apart , thinking that everybody is staring at her , judging her . She goes into a fugue state , running away to Los Angeles on a bus but stumbling off at a rest stop . < br /><br />Waking up in a strange ranch house , she learns that she 's been rescued by Tod Andrews , a young minister in a California agricultural town . She lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges . The two fall vaguely in love , but it 's clear to Andrews that Powers is keeping dire secrets . When , at a company picnic , she seizes a wrench and cracks the skull of Jerry Paris , who was trying to steal a kiss , the truth about her past comes out .... <br /><br />It was a courageous movie to come out in 1950 , and that may explain and excuse some of its shortcomings . Lupino never recaptures the verve of the early assault scene , and the movie wanders off into the bucolic and sentimental , ending up talky and didactic . Yes , Lupino had important information to impart , but she did n't trust the narrative to speak for itself . Her cast , pleasant but bland and generic , were n't much help , either , reverting to melodramatic postures or homespun reassurance . But Outrage was a breakthrough , blazing a trail for later discourse on what the crime of rape really is , and what it really means to its victims .
1 Before this little black - and - whiter , the touchy topic of criminal rape never made it onto the American screen . There were lots of these topics that Hollywood and the Production Code kept hidden until the rebellious 1960 's . So it 's not surprising that it would take a little independent company like Ida Lupino 's Filmmakers to raise the subject . The result is well - meaning but somewhat compromised , which is not surprising since director Lupino had to work with Code demands to get the movie released.<br /><br />Interestingly , Ann Walton 's ( Mala Powers ) main problem following the assault is not how others might see her , but how she sees herself . And it 's a heavy load she 's carrying . Will she ever be able to relate to men again ? Will they look at her as " spoiled goods " ( after all , this is 1950 ) ? Small wonder she runs away rather than face these anxieties at home and at work , even though family and friends are generally supportive . Overall , this first part is earnest and well - done . The chase is hyped to inject some action into the plot , but then this is a movie-- notice how the incurious neighbor fails to respond to the honking horn near chase 's end . Had those been screams of alarm from Powers instead , the neighbor 's lack of response would have raised an interesting albeit complicating issue.<br /><br />The second half is pretty much given over to the Production Code in the sentimentalized person of Rev. Ferguson ( Tod Andrews ) . It 's he ( to quote a phrase ) who " gives her courage to face life again " . There 's some effort at humanizing him-- is it Ann or her dilemma that he 's most interested in . Still , his gentle and understanding presence comes across as a little too miraculous and a little too Hollywood . Fortunately , the ending avoids the usual Hollywood cop - out by emphasizing only the hope of a happy resolution for Ann rather than its certainty . < br /><br />Give Lupino a ton of credit for dealing with the topic in the first place . Given the overall results , I expect she dealt as honestly with the topic as she was allowed to . I also expect today 's audiences find the treatment mildly interesting mainly because of Powers ' excellent performance that brings out the purely human drama . However , the film works best now as a document of its time , and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adult viewing .
1 This is the second film I 've seen of Ida Lupino as a director after 53 's the hitch - hiker . I think this one was a better film then that one . This one has a girl who is about to get married and she is then sexually assaulted and does n't like everyone looking and talking about her so she runs away and and is taken in by a family . I think Leonard Maltin 's review is right only to give it 2 and 1/2 stars .
1 This movie was very , very strange and very , very funny . All of the actors are quite real and very odd . The overall " look " of the film was different , too , sort of dreamy and bleached - out , which only added to the spacey , fumbling , weird vibe of the whole thing.<br /><br />It 's not for everyone , I mean , it 's not what you would call " mainstream " but that is what I liked about it . It 's unlike anything I have ever seen before . . . unpredictable , with a weird rhythm and punch lines in the strangest places . The kids are so heartbreakingly goofy ( and pimply ) that you ca n't help but feel for them . In other words , these are far from " hollywoodized " versions of teenagers.<br /><br />All of , which for me , makes it a good thing .
1 i first saw this movie at the sundance film festival this year , and being a teenager myself i found the movie to be quite appealing . these kids are out of the ordinary and very unexpected to be in a movie of this stature but with the right dialog and junk they made the movie a complete success . i enjoyed this movie more then others but i highly recommend releasing and watching this movie . it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality . capturing the essence of high school , high school record has topped my favorites list and hopefully has a chance to be released into theaters . i truly thank all of the kids who put the hard work into making this film , it helped me cry my eyes our in laughter .
1 As I am no fan of almost any post-"Desperate Living " John Waters films , I warmed to " Pecker " . After he emerged from the underground , Waters produced trash - lite versions of his earlier works ( " Cry Baby " , " Polyester " , Hairspray " ) that to die - hard fans looked and tasted like watered down liqueur . " Pecker " , which does n't attempt to regurgitate early successes , is a slight , quiet , humble commentary on the vagaries of celebrity and the pretentiousness of the art world . Waters clearly knows this subject well because he has also exhibited and sold ( at ridiculous prices ) some of the most amateurish pop art ever created that you could n't imagine anyone being able to give away if it was n't emblazoned with the Waters " name " . Edward Furlong is fine as " Pecker " and Waters ' non - histrionic style is at ease with the subject .
1 Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci are an excellent couple and demonstrate it with their unique charisma featured in this movie.<br /><br />This is the typical " alternative " or indie movie with a plot that features a rare situation that suddenly becomes really important.<br /><br />Pecker is an average boy who has an old camera and his main hobby is to take photographs of the exotic habitants of the small town where he lives in . Suddenly an alternative artist pays attention to his work and hires him in order to expose his work in some important festivals and more.<br /><br />But Pecker life changes drastically as now fortune and fame seem to infuriate the town 's people who are Pecker 's main inspiration . Even his sexy girlfriend gets mad because now he does not pays the " adequate " attention to her.<br /><br />Well this is an Indie movie with an edge but not for everyone . It may seem boring or pretentious for some people but still I think it worths a watch only because it offers something " different " than Hollywood 's typical standards.<br /><br />To describe in a few words : This is the typical Christina Ricci and John Waters movie . That 's it.<br /><br />Oh and I almost forgot to mention that the " Full of Grace " lines are really annoying . Geez .
1 John Waters most accessible film to date is one of his better ones , considering it cut down on all of the campiness and outright vulgarity which seem to litter most of his previous work . Sure , the nudity and the sexual references are still there , at least it is presented in a fashion < br /><br />that can not be deemed too foul or disgusting . Due to some great casting choices , this film really brought out the silliness associated with modern art and the subjective nature of your modern artist . Funny and somewhat lighthearted ( if that is possible for Waters ) , this is one of those films I would watch on a rainy day .
1 Pecker is another mainstream film by John Waters done on a smaller than Serial Mom . The title character of Pecker has a hobby of taking pictures of anything he sees . It does n't matter if it 's dirty or shocking when he takes pictures . He soon uses the pictures he taken and puts them on display at his work . Pecker live in a semi - normal middle - class family . His dad works at a drinking bar with a claw machine , but does n't make enough money with a lesbian stripper bar across the street . His mom runs a thrift shop and loves to dress - up poor people . His older sister , Tina , works at a gay bar where her specialty is trade . His younger , Little Chrissy , has a habit of eating sugar , sugar , and nothing but sugary food . His grandmother , Memama , has a small statue of the Virgin Mary and plays ventriloquist with it . He also has 2 friends . On of his friends , Matt is a chronic shoplifter and his girlfriend , Shelley , runs a laundry mat as if she was a dictator . Soon , a tourist from New York buys his pictures and displays them at an art gallery . With the picture comes fame , but the pictures expose the unusual life style of his friends and family 's simple life . For an R - rated film , Pecker is sure tamer than most of Waters previous R - rated films and even Pink Flamingos . Another 10 out of 10 !
1 The best thing about this movie is that it is fun . It is full of humorous characters and interesting situations , starting with the blithe , innocent Pecker ( played appealingly by Edward Furlong ) who likes to photograph almost everything he sees in every day life . Other great characters include Pecker 's friend Matt ( " he 's a thief , but he 's really a nice guy " ) , Pecker 's sister Chrissy ( who is addicted to sugar ) , and Pecker 's Catholic grandmother who discovers life in a statuette of the Virgin Mary in her room.<br /><br />The movie gently makes a point about how every day life has many riches to offer , and it succeeds in making this point without being too heavy - handed about it . There is always a risk , when making messages about the value and dignity of " common people " , of sliding into a kind of reverse " holier than thou " - but " Pecker " avoids these traps , allowing the audience to get the point while allowing enough breathing room for viewers to compare this message to their own thoughts on the subject.<br /><br />I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun .
1 I´m from Germany and I love the mvovies . I go 200 times a year . Tonight I saw " Pecker " , it was a wonderful evening . Thank you , Mr. Waters . Everybody who has a chance to see the movie , go ! ! !
1 " Pecker " is a young , unknown photographer from Baltimore who becomes a big star in the public , the media and the local art scene with his pictures showing the dirty reality of all - day life just as dirty underwear or human excrements . It 's a typical topic of John Waters Baltimore - based independent comedies to show the weird sides of the American way of life between political correctness fashion and conservative backlashes by exploring the backgrounds of the middle class society of his hometown.<br /><br />Edward Furlong of " Terminator 2 " fame plays Pecker , supported by Christina Ricchi , photographer Cindy Sherman , legendary Patricia Hearst and Water 's long - time actress Mink Stole . Although the pacing of the plot becomes a big flaw sometimes and ca n't compete with the fast and furious joke attacks of Water 's brilliant " Serial Mom " , it 's still has some good laughs in it and some unforgettable scenes like a former junkie - girl who became a vegetarian by sniffing peas from a vegetable dish ... " Pecker " is a great comedy about the arrogance of the art scene , media hypes , middle - class sex angst and the strange ways of how to become a pop star without realizing it . Recommended !
1 Saw this again recently on Comedy Central . I 'd love to see Jean Schertler(Memama ) and Emmy Collins(Hippie in supermarket ) cast as mother and son in a film , it would probably be the weirdest flicker ever made ! Hats off to Waters for making a consistently funny film .
1 This is John Waters best film to date . The characters are obvious and symbolic , just as in his other films . So there are no surprises or character changes . I enjoyed the film because of the wittiness and pace of the story . It was good story - telling with honest people .
1 Pecker is a hilariously funny yet twisted film about a small town in Baltimore whose daily , humdrum routine is broken by Pecker , a young photographer who takes pictures of " real things . " No pretty models , no gorgeous men , just hard living . This wonderful film pokes fun at the plasticness of the urban art chain . There is one particular scene when a homeless woman who shops at Pecker 's mom 's thrift shop buys the same exact coat as one of the Whitney art junkies for only 25 cents instead of five hundred dollars . This just goes to show you that no matter what kind of money you have , you might not always have taste . Yet again John Waters sends you into a never - ending spiral of laughter and raw reality . You can have your mainstream Hollywood movies with special affects and mountains of celebrities , but give me a " Pecker " or a " Hairspray " ( another excellent John Waters film ) over a " Titanic " or a " Godzilla " anyday ! !
1 John Water 's ( " Pink Flamingos " ... ) " Pecker " is the best movie I 've seen in a while . It gives the viewer a surreal image of life in Baltimore ( I live in nearby Washington , DC ) , with a Warhol - like use of color , exaggerated motions and emotions . Pecker becomes larger than his town can handle , and he is separated from his loved - ones ( including a sexy Ricci ) by his man - loving art manager . The picture left a refreshing taste in my mouth -- kind of like a fresh strawberry ice cream on a hot summer day -- and though this taste was rather flat and simplistic , it only made the whole thing more profound and critical . It is a celebration of life , liberty , and the right to bear arms ... and everything else this country stands for . -Juan Pieczanski ( jpieczanski@sidwell.edu )
1 This movie kept me constantly entertained . In comparing this to Serial Mom , Mr. Waters has gone back to his grittier side . This is not nearly as polished.<br /><br />There is a dark side here . A message about how success and fame changes a person -- but more importantly how it changes the people around you.<br /><br />There is not a false moment in this film.<br /><br />The characters are somewhat cartoonish ... but I want to believe that is what Mr. Waters is trying to achieve.<br /><br />It is fascinating to watch how Mr. Waters has evolved ... This is truly his finest work .
1 In a very short time , the movie showed a boy 's odd life of taking pictures , showed his life and everyone else 's get turned upside down as a result of his photographs , then brought everything back to normal in the end . One to see if you 're looking for something interesting .
1 I found this film to funny from the start . John Waters use of characters reminded of some of the down to earth characters from Fellini films . Christina Ricci has once again expanded her abilities in this film . If you are looking for a fun movie without preaching , I recommend this film .
1 Once you can get past the film 's title , " Pecker " is a great film , perhaps one of John Waters ' best . A wonderful cast , headed by strong performances by Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci , make the story very funny , and very real . There are some shocking scenes that are definitely not suitable for young children , but they are there for a purpose . Unfortunately this movie was not mass produced , and most of the public will be denied the opportunity to view it . If the opportunity knocks , then go see this film .
1 John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable film . This certainly is n't without its shocking Waters - esque moments , but it is tamer than his older culty stuff , such as " Pink Flamingoes " . " Pecker " harkens back to John 's early mainstream stage in that it reminds the viewer of the same kind of humor that was evident in " Polyester " . Overall , a really fun comedy with some great moments !
1 Went to see this movie with my brother and his girlfriend . The place was pretty packed and we all laughed so hard it was easy to miss lines . I knew it looked like it would be good but it was much funnier than I thought it would be . I liked both Edward Furlong and Christina Ricci , they seemed really weird just like normal people , if that makes sense . I get sick of movies that show teenagers as being like cookie cutter people , like " jock " or " geek " or " cheerleader" ... etc . Both characters were unique but still very human and normal enough to relate to . I will be recommending this movie to all my friends and waiting very eagerly for it to be out on DVD , Go see this movie with your friends who can laugh at the funniest parts of life ! I plan to see it again in the theater and I do n't go see things more than once very often .
1 Absolutely hilarious . John Waters ' tribute to the people he loves most ( Baltimoreans ) is a twisted little ditty with plenty to look at and laugh at . It 's like being turned loose in a museum of kitsch ! I have n't laughed so much in a theater since Serial Mom . I loved seeing old friends from the Dreamland days , Sharon Nisep and Susan Lowe , back in front of Waters ' camera . The cast is simply wonderful ( especially Edward Furlong and Martha Plimpton ) . Uses the best elements of past Waters atrocities ( especially the underrated Polyester ) and plenty of new surprises . Made me sick , in a wonderful way . Thanks , John !
1 I thought this was an utterly charming film . The story seems to be a thinly veiled autobiography of John Waters : Pecker 's greatest gift is his ability to find beauty in unexpected places . Edward Furlong does well in the lead , but the best performances are by his grandmother , Mink Stole ( a hilarious cameo ) and , of all people , Patty Hearst . I think the reviewers are way off base on this one . They seem to be taking Pecker 's worst valuation of his work as gospel , when I think the film pretty clearly states that he is indeed a promising artist .
1 " Pecker " proves that Waters has no intention of changing his tacky ways in his old age . A lot of things have changed since Waters started making films in the 1960s , but 40 years later he is still doing what he wants to do . Over the years , the budget of Waters ' films has increased considerably . This is one of his most recent productions , but I was amazed to see that Waters still has that " trailer - park " touch . Edward Furlong plays Pecker , a kid who is obsessed with photography . He lives a quite life in Baltimore , MD , with his friends and family . But Pecker attracts the attention of a New York art agent ( the always watchable Lili Taylor ) , and his life changes for the worst . Once again , Waters makes fun of art , fame and heterosexuality . It is not among his best films , but there are some big belly laughs here ( " Memama " has the best lines in the film ! ) . It is consistently clever and funny , and has that very " queer " sensibility that I have come to love in Warters ' movies .
1 This is a very light headed comedy about a wonderful family that has a son called Pecker because he use to Peck at his Food . Pecker loves to take all kinds of pictures of the people in a small suburb of Baltimore , Md. , and manages to get the attention of a group of photo art lovers from New York City . Pecker has a cute sister who goes simply nuts over SUGAR and is actually an ADDICT , taking spoonfuls of sugar from a bag . There are scenes of men showing off the lumps in their jockey 's with grinding movements and gals doing pretty much the same . It is rather hard to keep your mind out of the gutter with this film , but who cares , it is only a film to give you a few laughs at a simple picture made in 1998 .
1 After " A Dirty Shame " , I never thought that I was going to see another John Waters movie . That movie was really so bad , that I was convinced that all his movies would be like that . But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said that this was an excellent movie , I decided to give it a try anyway . Only a couple of days later it was shown on television . I taped it out of curiosity and now that I 've seen it , I can tell you that this " Pecker " sure is a lot better than " A Dirty Shame".<br /><br />In this movie we see how a young ' nobody ' from Baltimore becomes an overnight sensation in the art world of New York . He 's a sandwich shop employee who photographs his weird family or things that he sees on the street as a hobby . When he keeps his very first ' exhibition ' in the shop where he works , his pictures are noticed by a gallery owner who loves the pictures full of misery and weirdness . His photographs are sold for enormous prices , but when he sees how his family , friends and strangers react to his success he decides that he will no longer go to New York , they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him . And they do , but what they get to see there , is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /><br />It 's not difficult to see why I loved this movie a lot more than " A Dirty Shame " . The first reason is that this movie has an actual story . This movie really has something to say and is n't just intended to shock as many people as possible . The fact that they make fun of the art world who considers everything out of the ordinary as art because they do n't know what the reality is like , is n't just funny , it 's not that far from the truth either . I guess there are many people who feel about modern art that way . Nobody understands why they are making such a fuss about it , but apparently we are all supposed to like it . The second reason why I liked this movie is because this one had much better acting performances to offer . I 'm not saying that everything that you will see is great , but at least the characters have some meaning thanks to the performances of the different actors like Edward Furlong , Christina Ricci, ... <br /><br />Overall this is n't a great movie , but thanks to its criticism and some good jokes - which never really go too far - this is an enjoyable movie . It certainly is n't the best comedy ever , but I liked it a lot more than " A Dirty Shame " . I give this movie a 6.5/10 .
1 It has only been a week since I saw my first John Waters film ( Female Trouble ) , and I was n't sure what to expect the second time around.<br /><br />While the previous film was outrageously over the top , Pecker is actually a funny film that satirizes the art critics in New York to a T. Anyone who can not imagine what these " Experts " find so appealing about modern art , will enjoy seeing these pretentious snobs get so full of themselves over Pecker , a boy who just found a broken camera and starts shooting his friends and neighbors.<br /><br />Edward Furlong ( Pet Sematary II , Terminator 2 : Judgment Day ) was surprisingly good as Pecker . There was n't a lot of meat on any of the roles in this film , but he really shines.<br /><br />Christina Ricci ( Prozac Nation ) comes in with another great performance as Pecker 's girlfriend . In fact , it was a banner year for Ricci ( Buffalo ' 66 , The Opposite of Sex , and Pecker.<br /><br />Lili Taylor , who had the only good role in The Haunting , was also a significant part of the film and really made it enjoyable.<br /><br />There are many funny scenes , but I have to say the best was when a crown gathers screaming , " We want bush ! " " We want bush ! " " We want bush ! " I thought it was a Republican convention until I saw the police hauling off the dancer.<br /><br />I am going to have to look for more of Waters ' work , especially Hairspray , now that that is in the news .
1 Going for something far away from the deliberately gross stuff that he usually makes , John Waters ( happy birthday , John ! ) made this parody of the celebrity / art world . Edward Furlong plays the title character , a working - class teenager in Baltimore who loves to photograph things . When a New York agent ( Lili Taylor ) discovers his work , she offers him his big break , which he accepts . But once he hits it big , he has to reconsider everything.<br /><br />Basically , " Pecker " looks at how he loses his friends and his normal life once he becomes a celebrity . The sort of thing that we might expect , sure , but with Waters directing , there 's always a few things to shock us ( you 'll know them when you see them ) . I certainly recommend it . Also starring Christina Ricci , Mink Stole and Patty Hearst .
1 John Waters has made the most effusively buoyant , heartfelt , dark , personal little film I think I 've ever seen ( well maybe Fast Food Fast Women comes in close second ) The directors vision is untainted ... the narrative is whimsical , the characters are personal and odd reflections of family and his own inner life ... the tone never forced or stylistically over - arch.<br /><br />There is no pretentious shot design , ennui , or magazine grading .... Martha Plimpton is amazing as the sister .. Eddie furlong is inspired casting . A grandmother with a talking Mary , tea - bagging , recycled clothing , yesterday 's garbage becomes today 's art -- and the lesson of the film is that the most important thing we can value is family ... and a humble life .
1 This amusing Bugs Bunny cartoon sees the return of the still unnamed Marvin the Martian and his sidekick K-9 the green dog.<br /><br />This time instead of trying to destroy the Earth Marvin is on a mission to land , capture an Earth creature and take it back to Mars . Of course the creature he picks is Bugs Bunny . At first Bugs thinks Marvin and K-9 are trick or treating but realises this ca n't be right when Marvin drastically enlarges Bug 's rabbit hole with a ray - gun . Bugs tries to trick his way out of the situation in a couple of ways , including persuading Marvin that K-9 is planning a mutiny . Eventually he is captured using an Acme strait - jacket ejecting bazooka . Amazingly , for an Acme product , it works as advertised and Bug 's is forced to use his wits to get K-9 to release him , the tables are soon turned and the two disgruntled Martians are trussed up and Bugs is trying to fly their saucer back to Earth.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this although the ending is a little weak compared to the rest of the story . Marvin 's voice has changed slightly here and he gets visible emotional when he is angry but this did n't make me like him or the cartoon any less .
1 This is one of quite a few cartoons with Bugs Bunny and Marvin the Martian - and a space dog called K-9 is included as well . This Looney Tunes episode is very funny , has reasonably good cartoon animation ( Marvin 's animation is very well done ) and the plot is well done . The end is rather weird , so be prepared for it , it is slightly boring . < br /><br />In this episode , Marvin the Martian has been sent to earth to capture an earth creature and bring it back to Mars . With his trusty dog K-9 , Marvin sets out and soon finds the tracks of no other rabbit but Bugs Bunny ! He greets them with treats , thinking they are trick or treaters in their costumes . Little does he realise they are preparing themselves to take this rabbit to Mars ... <br /><br />I recommend this episode to anyone who likes Bugs Bunny , Marvin the Martian and Looney Tunes in general . As far as the beginning and the middle of the episode are concerned , you are likely to like this . Enjoy " Hasty Hare " ! :-)
1 Part of what was so great about the classic Looney Tunes cartoons was their irreverence and how they were n't afraid to do anything that they wanted . In this case , Marvin the Martian has an assignment to bring back an earthling . Sure enough , he comes across Bugs Bunny , who warns of a mutiny on the part of Marvin 's dog . After Marvin finally traps Bugs - by means of an Acme strait jacket - ejecting bazooka ! - Bugs has more stuff planned for the voyage back to Mars . What I mean is , if you thought that it was a major change in the Solar System when they stripped Pluto of its planet status , then you ai n't seen nothing yet ! Yes , " The Hasty Hare " goes all out . How they buy Acme products in outer space is probably beyond most people , but the point here - I mean " hare " - is to have fun . And believe me , you definitely will . After all , a little space - out never hurt anyone .
1 You 'd think you 're in for some serious sightseeing when the premise of the movie takes place primarily between two characters as they travel 3000 miles or so from France to Saudi Arabia , going through most of Europe - Italy , Bulgaria , Croatia , Slovenia , Turkey , before arriving in the Middle East . But this is not a tour , and there are no stopovers for soaking in the sights.<br /><br />Reda 's father is in his twilight years , and wishes to do the Haj . However , since walking and taking the mule is out of the question , he chooses to travel to Mecca by car . He ca n't drive , and therefore enlists the help of Reda , to his son 's protest , to get him there in their broken down vehicle.<br /><br />But Reda does n't see the point of having him go along , when his dad could opt for the plane . He resents the idea of having put his personal life on hold for this pilgrimage he could n't understand . And hence , we set off in this arduous journey with father and son , being not the best of pals.<br /><br />The beauty of this movie is to witness the development of the father and son pair , the challenges they face , the weird people they meet , having to duke it out in varied weather conditions , and alternating rest stops between motels and sleeping in the car . We see an obvious generation gap in them trying to communicate to each other , the father trying to impose on his son , and the son trying to assert himself as an adult , but circumstances we see , reveal that Reda is quite a fish out of water . Through the many encounters , they actually team up quite well despite their differences.<br /><br />It 's perhaps quite apt to have this film released here last week to coincide with Hari Raya Haji , and having the opportunity to watch our protagonists join the other pilgrims in their Haj . The final scene in Mecca is truly a sight to behold , and you too would feel the claustrophobia and fear as Reda tries to hunt down his dad amongst the thousands of people congregating . The sights of Europe were perhaps deliberately not dwelled upon , so as to build up the anticipation of and focus on the final destination.<br /><br />It certainly rang home the thought of telling and showing loved ones how much you appreciate them for who they are . Do n't miss this , and yes , book early - I was pleasantly surprised that this evening 's session was still a full house .
1 Father and son communicate very little . IN fact they speak different languages . BUt when the son drives his father 3000 miles for his pilgrimage 's to Mecca , the conversations finally take place . they are difficult and growth is necessary on both parts.<br /><br />This movie takes us into the hearts of these two travelers , and it is indeed a grand voyage for the audience as well as the two principals . The imagery throughout is impressive , especially the final scenes in Mecca . It underlines for me once again how much different the world can be , but also at the same time , how similar . The same was true for the father and son in this film.<br /><br />See this movie . Tell your friends to see it . You 'll be glad you did .
1 The premise for this movie is simple and so is the script : an elderly Muslim gets his teenage son to drive him in his similarly elderly station wagon from France to the haj in Mecca , Saudi Arabia , so that he can fulfill his holy Muslim obligation before he dies . The father is clearly devoutly religious , but the son is unimpressed ; he accepts out of obligation to his father rather than to religion , he 'd rather be with his ( non - Muslim ) girlfriend . The father is stubborn in a lot of things which the son does n't understand and the petulance between them is the device that maintains the drama , although it is often rather irksome . However , like any good road movie there are oddball characters encountered along the way ; for example a woman on a backroad in Croatia who upon being asked for directions to Belgrade simply gets in the backseat and points with her hand uttering one word which they assume to be a place but ca n't find it on the map . In Bulgaria another man they ask directions of confirms he can speak French but then provides an extensive commentary in Bulgarian . There is also occasional humor - in one country the son tires of eating egg sandwiches and wants meat - they are given a goat , but unfortunately ( perhaps fortunately for the viewer ) it runs away before the father can perform the Muslim slaughterman ritual . They eventually make it to Mecca - the Muslim equivalent of the Vatican but on a much grander scale . For westerners it is all bizarre but fascinating . The movie is n't sophisticated but is charming in its own way , a kind of National Geographic with soul .
1 I do n't know ... Maybe it 's just because it 's an impressive tribute to some Muslim religious action(hajj)but I just felt the movie is so underrated . I just ca n't believe that the movie has just been voted by only 223 people so far given that the movie was produced in 2004 and it has won many awards since then . About the movie ... it 's one of those well - acted sweet movies . Reda , a French teenager due to sit for Baccalauréat , is asked by his devout elderly father to take him to Mecca . Strange as it may seem(if one does n't know much about Islam)the father wants his son to drive them from their home in France to Saudia Arabia on a once - in - a - lifetime religious pilgrimage . The generation gap between the father and the son is based on simple enough terms('you may know how to read and write , but you know nothing about life , ' the unnamed father to his son)but some sort of bromidic generation gap literature is avoided . Bot of them are affectionate in their frustrations . The father never speaks in French though Reda understands Arabic but can only seem to answer in French . Though they encounter many people on the road : " There 's the scary old woman they pick up in the Bosnian border on the way to Belgrade , and the talkative Mustafa(Jacky Nercessian ) , who helps them out at the border of Turkey , the reticent and shy women wearing burqas on the way to Damascus " the focus is always on the mismatched father and son . There is not much of a conversation in the movie which makes it enjoyable to your eyes . You see magnificent views in every city they go . The director shows you even the Blue Mosque and the Hagia Sophia even though the movie is not relatively long.<br /><br />Generally I do n't like movies which do n't have enough dialogs and which take their power from camera subtleties but this one was really great . Despite some unanswered details(like Reda 's unseen French girlfriend)the movie appeals to senses . Great work of art and remember this movie is Ismaël Ferroukhi 's debut .
1 this is n't ' Bonnie and Clyde ' or ' Thelma and Louise ' but it is a fine road movie . it sets up its two main characters gently and easily . viewers learn the underlying tensions quickly , which is a tribute to the director . there is the young french ( and English ) speaking son who wants to do well in France , has a french girlfriend and who drinks alcohol , parties as young men do . And there is his moroccan arabic ( and french ) speaking father who devoutly follows his Muslim faith , with generosity and the wisdom of elders and who rejects the new culture surrounding him ( like mobile phones ) . the film could explore very powerful politics - the odd couple drive thru the former Yugoslavia , thru Turkey and then thru the Middle East to get to Mecca . these are areas where the Muslim populations have been involved in wars , repression , ethnic cleansing ; where dictators have pursued torture and summary executions to hold power and where religious communities are in constant deadly battle with each other . yet the film moves thru those places and possibilities with only hints of such agendas . the relationship between the two is key to this film , and faith , politics are the backdrop . it seems to be saying that we are all human , and need to understand and care for each other in order to manage well in this world . it certainly is n't ' Natural Born Killers ' and is all the better for it .
1 Reda is a young Frenchman of Moroccan descent . Despite his Muslim heritage , he is very French in attitudes and values . Out of the blue , his father announces that Reda will be driving him to the Hajj ( pilgrimage ) to Mecca -- something that Reda has no interest in doing but agrees only out of obligation . As a result , from the start , Reda is angry but being a traditional Muslim man , his father is difficult to talk to or discuss his misgivings . Both father and son seem very rigid and inflexible -- and it 's very ironic when the Dad tells his son that he should not be so stubborn.<br /><br />When I read the summary , it talks about how much the characters grew and began to know each other . However , I really do n't think they did and that is the fascinating and sad aspect of the film . Sure , there were times of understanding , but so often there was an undercurrent of hostility and repression . I actually liked this and appreciated that there was n't complete resolution of this -- as it would have seemed phony.<br /><br />Overall , the film is well acted and fascinating -- giving Westerners an unusual insight into Islam and the Hajj . It also provides a fascinating juxtaposition of traditional Islam and the secular younger generation . While the slow pace and lack of clarity about the relationship throughout the film may annoy some , I think it gave the film intense realism and made it look like a film about people -- not some formula . A nice and unusual film .
1 I wo n't repeat all that has been said already by other viewers of this film.<br /><br />In my opinion this is an excellent film , not only as a very human tale of the developing relationship between a father and his grown - up son , but also as a little window onto the world of practising Islam , for those like me who are not very familiar with that religion.<br /><br />An important aspect of this story is that of the young man 's relation to his father 's beliefs and practices , and how his attitude towards the religion seems to alter in subtle ways as we progress on their journey with them.<br /><br />This is a very thought - provoking , enjoyable and well - made film that I would recommend to anyone with brain and heart .
1 What starts out as generational conflict in this movie , ends in understanding , solemnity and grace . The movie meanders through Europe with the father and the young son cramped in a car over 3000 miles . The cramping forces lifestyles , beliefs and life skills to collide . There 's really no clear winner . It all adds up in the end as experience , experience of multiple layers of life . For those interested in understanding Islam , this movie offers a generous and gentle outlook , without being pushy about the agenda . It 's a coming of age story for the young son , his dismissive and rebellious nature turning to openness for receiving more ways of life .
1 LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of a film , a work made more profound because of its understated script by writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi who allows the natural scenery of this ' road trip ' story and the sophisticated acting of the stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to carry the emotional impact of the film . Ferroukhi 's vision is very capably enhanced by the cinematography of Katell Djian ( a sensitive mixture of travelogue vistas of horizons and tightly photographed duets between characters ) and the musical score by Fowzi Guerdjou who manages to maintain some beautiful themes throughout the film while paying homage to the many local musical variations from the numerous countries the film surveys . < br /><br />Reda ( Nicolas Cazalé ) lives with his Muslim family in Southern France , a young student with a Western girlfriend who does not seem to be following the religious direction of his heritage . His elderly father ( Mohamed Majd ) has decided his time has come to make his Hadj to Mecca , and being unable to drive , requests the reluctant Reda to forsake his personal needs to drive him to his ultimate religious obligation . The two set out in a fragile automobile to travel through France , into Italy , and on through Bulgaria , Croatia , Slovenia , and Turkey to Saudi Arabia . Along the trip Reda pleads with his father to visit some of the interesting sights , but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey and Reda is irritably left to struggle with his father 's demands . On their pilgrimage they encounter an old woman ( Ghina Ognianova ) who attaches herself to the two men and must eventually be deserted by Reda , a Turkish man Mustapha ( Jacky Nercessian ) who promises to guide the father / son duo but instead brings about a schism by getting Reda drunk in a bar and disappearing , and countless border patrol guards and custom agents who delay their progress for various reasons . Tensions between father and son mount : Reda can not understand the importance of this pilgrimage so fraught with trials and mishaps , and the father can not comprehend Reda 's insensitivity to the father 's religious beliefs and needs . At last they reach Mecca where they are surrounded by hoards of pilgrims from all around the world and the sensation of trip 's significance is overwhelming to Reda . The manner in which the story comes to a close is touching and rich with meaning . It has taken a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age , between son and father , and between defiance and acceptance of religious values . < br /><br />The visual impact of this film is extraordinary - all the more so because it feels as though the camera just ' happens ' to catch the beauty of the many stopping points along the way without the need to enhance them with special effects . Nicolas Cazalé is a superb actor ( be sure to see his most recent and currently showing film ' The Grocer 's Son ' ) and it is his carefully nuanced role that brings the magic to this film . Another fine film from The Film Movement , this is a tender story brilliantly told . Highly recommended . < br /><br />Grady Harp
1 I 've joined IMDb so people know what a great film this is ! It 's not often you come across a film that 's moving and visually cinematic yet humble . You 've read the plot so all I want to say is do n't watch it because you want to see a clash of cultural religious identity babble , because that 's the typical misconception people read in to , instead just appreciate and realise it 's about a father and son on a voyage growing to know each other through their struggles . Buy it and pass it on before film4 get round to it . This was one of the very few films to be nominated for a BAFTA being independent and foreign . The beauty of it is that it manages to appeal to anyone even if you never watch anything subtitled or just used to the Hollywood formula , just a great story that will keep you engaged . The only thing I wish is for it to be longer and see what happens
1 This movie is great ! This movie is beautiful ! Finally , a movie that portrays Moslems as PEOPLE , no stereotypes here . This movie is driven by the story , by the acting and above all by its theme , that of cultural affirmation and discovery . They may seem like clichés but they are not , at least not in this movie . The vista of the Grand Mosque of Mecca is absolutely stupendous and the audience is given a glimpse of a side of the Moslem world that is rarely of ever shown in the West . Here the people are caring , supportive , devout , tolerant and devoted to each other . What a welcomed and way overdue departure from the usual negative portrayals of Arabs . Outstanding movie .
1 Yes , I loved this movie when I was a kid . When I was growing up I saw this movie so many times that my dad had to buy another VHS copy because the old copy had worn out.<br /><br />My family received a VHS copy of this movie when we purchased a new VHS system . At first , my mom was n't sure that this was an appropriate movie for a 10 year old but because we had just bought a new VHS system she let me watch it.<br /><br />Like I said , this movie is every little boys dream …  The movie contains a terrific setting , big muscled barbarians , beautiful topless women , big bad monsters and jokes you 'll only get when you get older . So , a couple of days ago I inserted the video and watched the movie again after a long time . At first , I was bored , then started thinking about how much I loved this movie when I was kid , and continued watching . Yeah , the experience was n't as great as I remembered …  The acting is pretty bad , the storyline is pretty bad , the jokes were n't funny anymore , but the women were still pretty . Yes , I 've grown up . Even though the movie experience has changed for me , I still think it 's worth 7 stars . For the good old times you know …
1 This was directed by Ruggero Deodato , a true icon to many horror film fans after he directed the seminal and notorious Cannibal Holocaust . However , do n't expect to find any such notoriety in the film reviewed here as it proves to be incredibly tame in comparison and plays more like a Conan inspired outing for a young audience.<br /><br />Such a description may instantly put off most fans of the whole Conan inspired Sword & Sorcery genre but before you turn your nose up at this , it has to be said , this movie is just so much fun!<br /><br />It 's mostly played for laughs and features two HUGE and highly likable heroes in the form of David and Peter Paul aka . the Barbarian Brothers who both seem to be having a ball with their characters.<br /><br />B - Movie favourite Richard Lynch turns up as the main villain in the piece and it 's also great to see roles for Big George Eastman and Michael Berryman.<br /><br />Added to this , the ladies are stunning to behold and suitably scantily attired throughout the films duration ( a staple and much welcomed ingredient in the genre!)<br /><br />What can I say , - this simply is a really fun and lighthearted take on the genre and I recommend it wholeheartedly !
1 Deodato brings us some mildly shocking moments and a movie that does n't take itself too seriously . Absolutely a classic in it 's own particular kind of way . This movie provides a refreshingly different look at barbarians . If you get a chance to see this movie do so . You 'll definitely have a smile on your face most of the time . Not because it 's funny or anything mundane like that but because it 's so bad it goes out the other way and becomes good , though maybe not clean , fun .
1 As shallow as it may sound , I actually delayed my viewing of " The Barbarians " several times just because the VHS cover ( as well as the picture image displayed here on the website ) looks so incredibly gay ! By now I wish I had watched it earlier because the movie is n't so much gay … . just trashy , cheesy , campy and enormously fun ! It 's almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato , director of " Cannibal Holocaust " of all people , was the man responsible for this comical cash - in on the contemporary popular Sword & Sandal fantasy flicks , particularly Schwarzenegger 's Conan movies . The film opens with a terrific ' once - upon - a - time ' type of off - screen narrator , introducing us to the Ragneks . Their founder once traded an entire mountain of pure gold for just one magically powerful ruby that would allow them to travel in freedom and access every country as entertainers . In other words , the Ragneks are a bunch of traveling circus freaks ! Their happiness abruptly comes to end when the greedy Kadar kidnaps the Ragneks ' beautiful queen Canary and continuously attempts to discover the whereabouts of the ruby . Meanwhile , and as some sort of amusing waste of time , the two orphan twin - brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscled warriors and they 're unwarily prepared to fight each other to the death . Instead of that , however , they escape and develop a plan to free their queen . Actually , the plot is n't half as bad as I initially feared , but still the most fun is provided by the beefcake brothers ' on screen chemistry , the crazily inept dialogs and of course the utterly cheesy fantasy - monsters , like a dragon with adorably cute eyes , some kind of werewolf creature and zombies that randomly appear to pop out of the swamp . The soundtrack and make - up effects are great and our almighty director Deodato maintains a terrifically fast pace . The Barbarian Brother 's acting capacities are much better than I anticipated , apart from the fact that one of them constantly produces gross belching sounds . The supportive cast is splendid as well . Eva La Rue never looked more beautiful as the witty savage girl Cara , Virginia Bryant is indeed bewitching like Richard Lynch states on several occasions and the lovely Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on film as a vicious sorceress with a donut - shaped hair style ( I kid you not ! ) . Last but not least , " The Barbarians " stars everybody 's favorite Eyes in the Hills creep Michael Berryman as the appropriately named Dirtmaster . I know the displayed picture looks gayer than a promotional campaign for the musical version about the rise and fall of the Village People , but " The Barbarians " really is a must - see Italian exploitation highlight .
1 This movie maybe really bad , but it is alot of fun . The bad acting and poor direction enhance the film 's hystericalness . The twins are very funny in their Conanesque roles . If you go into this film expecting the first Conan or Excalibur , than you will hate it . If you watch it while in a good mood and accept it as good , dumb fun you will have a good time . Watch for the scene where they try to hang the brothers , its funniest scene in the film . I wish Mystery Science Theatre 3000 would have done this ! !
1 I love bad movies . Not only , because they often are as entertaining as ' really ' ' good ' films ( like Pirates of the Caribbean series and other Hollywood pathos ) , but they often are far better than those films . And that 's the reason why I love Italian rip off cinema of 1970s and 1980s . And that 's the reason why I especially love this movie , The Barbarians & the Company.<br /><br />Director Ruggero Deodato has made some actually very good movies , like House on the Edge of the Park , and also his Atlantis Interceptors and Live Like a Cop , Die Like a Man are enjoyable action movies . But this is really bad . The Barbarians is so idiotic movie . Peter and David Paul as the Barbarian Brothers Kutchek and Gore are very funny , because of their lack of charisma and acting skills . But if they ca n't act , they yell and scream every time they do something important . In one scene people try to hang the Barbarian Brothers , and they escape very extraordinary way.<br /><br />Bad acting , bad special effects , very stupid story , bad direction , actually everything is bad in this movie . I ca n't describe how much I laughed when I watched this first time . The Barbarians & the Company is camp classic everybody should see once . If you thought Plan 9 From Outer Space is fun camp , this will be a real killer .
1 The barbarians maybe´s not the best film that anybody of us have seen , but really???? ........ It´s so funny ...... I can´t discribe how mutch I laughed when I first saw it .. The director really wanted to do a serious adventure movie , but it´sso misirable bad .... so bad that it´s one of the funniest movies I´ve ever seen ...... so my advise is that you should see it ..... and if you alredy did , se it again ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 Apparently Ruggero Deodato figured out , early on , that his story would n't work if he approached it too seriously , so he decided to camp it up . The result is a film that can be viewed as either a ludicrous sword - and - sorcery epic or as a very entertaining comedy ! And I think I 'll go the second way . The brief gore moments are well - done , the Paul Brothers openly mock the material ( they even bark at each other in one scene ! ) , and there is also a charming , spirited , good - natured performance by Eva La Rue , as the girl who tags along with the " boys " . Plus , where else can you see the insides of a dragon lighted like a discotheque ? ? ( * * * )
1 Well , some people would say that this particular movie stinks ... but hey ! That s not right , not right at al ... The movie may not have the best special effects , and may not have the best actors ( Except the exelence of the Barbarian Bros. ) Dispite theese minor fact , I can honostly say that this is one of the funniest movies I´ve ever seen , and I´ve seen em al !
1 I can remember watching this for the first time , when I was 9 years old . I wanted to be one of the " barbarian brothers " . This movie is still great . One original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short . Implying that the " barbarian brothers " where so good that they finished there enemies off quickly ! Plus , you have chases , a cage fight , a dragon , and yes even a bar brawl ! < br /><br />Yes , the acting is bad so that 's why it 's not a ten , also the story line has received a lot of criticism . I think it is quite original . Not to many movies in it 's genre have the same original story lines , or colorful dialogue . < br /><br />I definitely recommend this film .
1 A delight mini movie , a musical short based on three of Cole Porter 's Broadway smash songs . Bob Hope 's first credited film is a delight ! He plays an American playboy millionaire on vacation in Paris . The film opens with him sitting at a table of an out door café telling his friends about this beauty that takes his breath away . Suddenly he spots her a few yards away . he is so over come his friends tease him and suggest " just show her your bank book . " But Hope claims he can win her in less than 30 days with " no " money ! They bet polo ponies over the issue and take all his cash and ID 's . Hope follows her and when they are alone gushes out a proposal she does not believe he is sincere until he sings to her , " You Do Something to Me " by Cole Porter . But she must leave and he tries to earn money as a tour guide so he can pursue her . But when she sees him showing another girl around town , disillusioned she wants to drop him . He continues to chase her and catches up to her and her family at a race track where he bets his meager earnings on the last race hoping to win enough to impress her . Through a series of events and large synchronized dance numbers he loses the winning ticket and she decides to marry him rich or poor . So he wins the girl , the race and the bet and sings two more songs !
1 Netflix should mention this short feature on the info for Silk Stockings . Superior in every way to that over - produced fluff . This had much better Cole Porter songs and lots more energy . Silk Stockings turned out to be a big disappointment . Fred was getting too old for this sort of thing , though the dances and Cyd are lovely . I will be on the watch for the Garbo -- Melvyn Douglas version of Ninotchka . Was Peter Lorre ill during the making of Silk Stockings -- he seems to be very passive in the more active numbers and with less lines ? Very glad that I ran across Paree -- Paree by pure accident . Made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable . Bob Hope , as a simple " song and dance man ' is pure joy .
1 Sometimes they get lucky and have a hit on their hands ( Wayne 's World , the first one , not the second ) . But most often they have duds ( It 's Pat comes to mind rather quickly ) . This time out it 's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man . This movie falls somewhere in between a hit and a dud . It was very funny for the first 20 minutes , but then , as usually happens with SNL skits , it starts to slow down , before finally ending , long after it should have.<br /><br />Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps , a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man . He answers any and all questions dealing with sex and relationships , usually in the crudest way possible . Everything seems to ultimately come down to the butt . After pushing the buttons of the station manager , Leon , along with his producer Julie ( Karyn Parsons ) gets fired , and needs to find another job . Out of the random blue , comes a letter from one of his ex - ladies . The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life , the only problem being that the letter is n't signed . So Leon needs to track down all the women he 's been with to find the woman of his dreams . But sometimes , as Billy Dee Williams says in the film , the woman of your dreams is standing right in front of you . There is also a sub - plot about a bunch of guys who 's wives / girlfriends have all slept with Leon , and they want to first figure out who he is ( by a tattoo he has on a part of his anatomy ) , then kill him . Leading this bunch of guys is , surprise ! Will Ferrell from SNL . First off , I thought the sub - plot was rather lame . The singing and dancing stuff was just completely worthless . I usually like Will Ferrell but here he just never clicked for me . And the rest of the guys were just schlubs who tagged along , and in the end all decided that having their wives / girlfriends cheat on them was in fact their fault . So back to the main story . The story basically centers around Leon and sex . So what it comes down to is , if you do n't like the character of Leon , you wo n't like the movie . His voice , his mannerisms , his dialogue is what carries the movie . I am not a big fan of Tim Meadows . I never thought he was a particularly good actor on SNL . The only thing I ever really liked of his , was his Ladies Man skits . But the best thing about those , is that they usually involved the guest host ( remember the one with Cameron Diaz ? ) , and they were short . For about 5 minutes , they were pretty funny . And here , for about 20 minutes , it 's really funny . What I thought was good about the character in the movie , is that he stayed in character throughout . He never wavered from his wanted to just get laid persona . Until right at the end where there was this transformation , and the ever present speech to tie things up . Other than that , it was pretty good at keeping Leon as Leon , and not changing him into something less crude than he was . There is n't a lot of substance to this movie , if you could n't guess . But like I said earlier , the beginning of the movie I found to be very funny . Some real laugh out loud moments , all revolving around sex and his crudeness . The problem of course with this movie , and most other SNL spin offs , is that these are characters that are only supposed to be shown for a few minutes at a time . Stretching the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult . That difficulty is obviously why they needed the sub - plot , because without it , this movie would have been a little under an hour . When it was good , it was good , but when it was n't good , it got to be boring.<br /><br />So overall , The Ladies Man was n't as bad as other SNL films , but it was n't as good as others . It had some funny moments , the first 20 minutes was pretty good , but the rest of it dragged on . There was an unnecessary sub - plot whose only purpose was to lengthen the film . The bottom line is , if you like Tim Meadows and his Leon Phelps character , you 'll be able to watch the film . If he annoys you , do n't even bother going . Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some nice revealing clothing . < br /><br / >
1 Do you like really inventive comedy or do you love " the wedding crashers " , if the answer is the latter stop reading now . I ca n't believe this movie is not higher rated . Basically Meadows plays a character not unlike Austin Powers . There are so many inventive moments in this gagorama . From crudity - Leon playing with himself on the porch , the ex boyfriend tricked into eating . . Oh well . To inspired lunacy- clown sex , the Broadway routine , the voice over . Meadows is great as the childish , but very sweet natured Leon . Some great lines " do n't blame the wang " " freaky deaky sex world " too many . . . Why this movie was n't huge is a mystery . Great comedy .
1 Yes it may be goofy and may not seem as funny as many high budget comedies out there , but this movie is truly hilarious if you really watch it . Tim Meadows has always struck me as being funny off of the Saturday Night Live show . Whenever he would do this character on the show I would crack up laughing . So after I saw this was going to be playing on Comedy Central one night I decided to check it out . All in all I was farily impressed with this movie , because it was n't meant to win any Oscars or become comedy of the year , but it did entertain the Saturday Night Live fans that love the Ladies Man character . This movie is also packed with some highly quotable lines that can be recited for years to come .
1 " What is love ? What is this longing in our hearts for togetherness ? Is it not the sweetest flower ? Does not this flower of love have the fragrant aroma of fine , fine diamonds ? Does not the wind love the dirt ? Is not love not unlike the unlikely not it is unlikened to ? Are you with someone tonight ? Do not question your love . Take your lover by the hand . Release the power within yourself . Your heard me , release the power . Tame the wild cosmos with a whisper . Conquer heaven with one intimate caress . That 's right do n't be shy . Whip out everything you got and do it in the butt . By Leon Phelps " When Tim Meadows created his quintessential SNL playboy , Leon Phelps , I cringed . Hearing his smarmy lisp and salacious comments made my remote tremble with outrage . I employed the click feature more than once , dear readers.<br /><br />So When the film version of " The Ladies Man " came on cable , I mumbled a few comments of my own and clicked yet again . But there comes the day , gray and forlorn , when " nothing is on " any of the 100 + channels ... sigh . Yes – I was faced with every cable subscribers torment – watch it or turn my TV off ! There he was , Leon Phelps , smirking and ... making me laugh ! What had happened ? Had I succumbed to Hollywood 's ' dumb - down ' sit - com humor ? Was I that desperate to avoid abdicating my sacred throne ? The truth of the matter is I like " The Ladies Man " more than I should . A story about a vulgar playboy sipping cognac while leering at every female form goes against my feminist sensibilities.<br /><br />What began as a crude SNL skit blossomed before my eyes into a tale about Leon and his playboy philosophy , going through life " helping people " solve their sexual conflicts . " I am the Mother Teresa of Boning " , he solemnly informs Julie ( Karyn Parsons ) , his friend and long - suffering producer of his radio show , " The Ladies Man " . And he 's not kidding . Leaving a string of broken hearts and angry spirits , Leon manages to bed and breakfast just about all of Chicago . That he does so with such genuine good - will is his calling - card through life.<br /><br />Our self - proclaimed , " Expert in the Ways of Love " , manages to get himself into a lot of trouble with husbands and boyfriends . One such maligned spouse , Lance ( Will Ferrell ) , forms a " Victims of the Smiling Ass , USA " club , vowing to catch our lovable Don Juan . " Oh yes , we will have our revenge " , he croons to his cohorts , in a show - stopping dance number.<br /><br />Plus it 's such a total delight to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester , the tavern owner and smooth narrator of Leon 's odyssey to find his " sweet thing " and a pile of cash . ( Where has he been hiding ? ) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine 's Day choice ? Leon 's search for the easy life changes him in so many profound ways - that I had to give the nod to our " Ladies Man " . That he can , at the movie 's close , find true happiness with one woman , while still offering his outlandish advice , is the stuff of dreams !
1 The Ladies Man is laugh out loud funny , with a great diverse cast as well as having some very stupid but excellent scenes ( including the funniest love song ever written).<br /><br />Ferrell is his usual quality self in a brilliant side role.<br /><br />Tim Meadows plays an idiot surprisingly well and has written himself some of the funniest lines you 'll find in any comedy out there.<br /><br />It is definitely worth a purchase as watching it every 6 months or so will lead to you still laughing as hard as you did first time round.<br /><br />I am distraught to think at the time of writing this that it has a meagre 4.7 /10 and i urge you to vote ! < br /><br />And remember kids- " There s more motion in the ocean "
1 I must say , this movie has given me a dual personality . I 've been told again and again to SHUT UP and start speaking like a normal person . But , it 's very hard ... no not the wang . Did you find that disgusting and disrespectful ? Well , get in the mood for a lot more . This movie is just filthy ! It 's not a film to show your grand - parents , but you should show it to a teenager or some immature guy at your workplace . Anyway , back to the voice mannerisms . Fortunately this site has some Ladies Man ( did anyone at the studio notice that there 's supposed to be a apostrophe ( ? ) between the e and s ? ) so you can always have a fine little something to say to your boss or the cops . I have a sheet in my wallet .
1 This movie was so good . Leon Phelps is hilarious . I went out after and bought a case of Cognac ! ! ! ! ! I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac!!!!!I went out after and bought a case of Cognac ! ! ! ! !
1 Tim Meadows has to be the most underrated of SNL 's recent cast members . What initially was a low - brow look at a sleazy gigilo develops into a thoroughly entertaining 90 minute run , albeit , still low - brow . Do n't pop this one in expecting beautiful cinematography or Oscar - worthy performances . Walk into it expecting brilliant silliness with Tim Meadows and Will Ferrell doing what they do best - making the audience laugh.<br /><br />Leon " The Ladies ' Man " Phelps is a naive , likable radio sex show host who knows very little about anything except the ways of the wang . As a gifted Ladies Man , he lays waste to the wives of countless saps who 've banded together in order to hunt him down . The director does an inspired job of guiding the actors on a comedic tryst which makes up completely for the lack of plot development . How much plot would one expect from an SNL skit ? While some scenes are a little off the mark , for the most part , Meadows ' one liners and absurd sexual comments hit the funny bone squarely . For instance , in one scene , Meadows compares himself to Mother Theresa , but for bonin ' . Sure it 's crass , but do n't we all in the privacy of our homes get a chuckle out of his advice to an entire city for " doin' it in the butt " ? In another scene , immediately after a heartfelt kiss with the female lead , he suddenly remembers the name of his would be benefactor , a woman he slept with years ago . He stands up in front of the woman who 's obviously fallen for him and proclaims that " The Ladies ' Man is back , " to her obvious chagrin.<br /><br />Billy Dee Williams hits the ball out of the park as the bartender / narrator . Will Ferrell , the repressed homosexual , rounds out solid performances.<br /><br />See this movie if you 're into adult humor . If not , stay away with extreme prejudice .
1 Enjoyable and watchable . Tim Meadows at his best . A big boost from Billy Dee Williams . He and a very funny John Witherspoon provide a solid foundation for Mr. Meadows ' riffing . Have fun with this one .
1 I really do n't understand why people get so upset and pan this movie ! Remember folks , this is an SNL movie , not anything that is supposed to be unpredictable and original in plot or direction ! The Ladies Man is a hilarious movie , albeit stupid at times , with a wacked - out cast and , as usual , WONDERFUL performances by Will Ferrel and Tim Meadows . Yes some of the jokes are stupid , and yes , the characters are unbelievable but its comedy ! I really do n't understand how anyone could n't laugh a lot during this hilarious film . Anyway , all I ask is that people take this as it is -- an SNL , silly and irreverent comedy . Nothing that will win awards , but nonetheless , some modern comedy gold . " 10 - 4 Apricot ! "
1 When i heard about this movie it was supposed to be the funniest thing i 've ever seen , Yes it was funny . I mean i liked it all until the end where ........... Oh no i ca n't tell u should it for yourself . It is funny except . The vulgar language . That 's why i say if u like movies that r funny in sexual ways watch it , but if not do n't waist ur money on renting it or buying it .
1 well " Wayne 's World " is long gone and the years since then have been hard for snl off - shoot movies . from such cinematic offal as " It 's Pat " to the recent 80 minute yawn , " A Night at the Roxbury , " many have , no doubt , lost faith that any other snl skit will ever make a successful transition to the silver screen . well fear not because Tim Meadows comes through in spades . the well - written plot maintains audience interest until the very end and while it remains true to the Leon Phelps character introduced in the five minute skit , the storyline allows the character to develop . the humor ( consisting largely of sex jokes ) is fresh and interesting and made me laugh harder than i have in any movie in recent memory . its a just great time if you do n't feel like taking yourself too seriously . Tiffany - Amber Thiessen of " Saved by the Bell " fame , makes an appearance in the film and looks incredible . finally Billy Dee Williams , reliving his Colt 45 days , gives the movie a touch of class . and for those out there who are mindless movie quoters like myself , you will find this movie to be eminently quotable , " ooh , it 's a lady ! "
1 The world is made up two different types of moviegoers ... There are the " English Patient " types , who ca n't be bothered to enjoy anything that is n't high - brow enough to be shown on PBS , and there are the " Happy Gilmore " types , for whom an hour and a half of genitalia puns are definitely worth the $ 7.<br /><br />Certainly , there 's a ton of gray area , but you know to which side you 're leaning . If you 're an English Patient person , save your time , save your money , and save us all your " Oh , this movie is so childish and stupid " comments . I know , you thoroughly enjoy belittling every movie you do n't like , and every person that likes them , but maybe you could hold off just this once.<br /><br />But if you 're a Happy Gilmore type ... go see this one ... You 'll find it hilarious . Tim Meadows has created a hilarious character , and Will Farrell continues to be hilarious in just about everything he does . Go check it out . You 'll be glad you did . And that 's OK .
1 The choice to make this SNL skit into a movie was far better thought out than other recent ones . The humor involved in the character is not annoyance humor , and is also character driven enough to be stretched out for an hour or two.<br /><br />Oddly enough the sexual content seemed like it could be avoided , but that may have been because the constraints of live television schooled me to not expect it . I suppose I was thinking more " Leisure Suit Larry " risqué than the producers were ... <br /><br />Definitely not a PG-13 movie , which will probably hurt it from ever reaching the heights of its more successful predecessors , but still better premise and writing than its more dismal ones.<br /><br />I liked it , but I doubt it will be a smash hit ... ( which is sad , as Tim Meadows tends not to do characters that annoy me with quite the frequency other SNL alumni tend to )
1 Okay , like many other such films , spawned out of a SNL skit . But Tim Meadows does a fairly fantastic job of making a 3 minute one - dimensional character into a moderately viable comedic movie character . He drops amusingly consistently - threated one - liners with fair frequency , Billy Dee Williams is in it though his Lando days are long gone , and the entire thing is shot pretty well . True , it 's not great art , but if you went into Wayne 's World looking for the Gone With The Wind , you did something wrong . Enjoyable for what it is .......
1 The material in this documentary is so powerful that it brought me to tears . Yes , tears I tell you . This popular struggle of a traditionally exploited population should inspire all of us to stand up for our rights , put forth the greater good of the community and stop making up cowardly excuses for not challenging the establishment . Chavez represents the weak and misfortunate in the same way Bush is the face of dirty corporations and capitalism ran amok . Indeed , Latin America is being reshaped and the marginalized majority is finally having a voice in over five centuries . Though , in the case of Mexico , the election was clearly stolen by Calderon . Chavez is not perfect , far from it . He 's trying to change the constitution to allow him to rule indefinitely . That can not be tolerated . Enough with the politics and back to the movie ; The pace is breath taking at moments , and deeply philosophical at others . It portrays Chavez as a popular hero unafraid to challenge the US hegemony and domination of the world 's resources . If you think the author is biased in favour of Chavez , nothing 's stopping you from doing your homework . One crucial message of the film is questioning info sources , as was clearly demonstrated by the snippers casualties being shamefully blamed on Chavez 's supporters . Venezuela puts American alleged democracy to shame . Hasta la revolucion siempre !
1 Whether this movie is propaganda or not ( I firmly believe it is not ) , it really shows the power of Media . The importance of this documentary is not to show how good of a man Chavez is . It is really to demonstrate the way the Bolivarians saw how it happened , the Chavez way of seeing it . Although it may seem wrong and bias to support a film , I think the point of view shown in the movie is utterly legitimate . The Venezuelian people via the private media corporation of Venezuela only saw a one side perspective of the coup , the Neo - Liberal side . This movie shows us the way the Bolivarians saw it . Call it propaganda , I say it 's a judgment call on your part .
1 Ten out of ten stars is no exaggeration . This documentary provides the viewers with unique footage about the 2003 coup in Venezuela . This great film is now the minimum knowledge requirement if you want to express a competent opinion about Venezuela or Hugo Chavez.<br /><br />The dramatic , electrified atmosphere , the unique footage will allow you to experience a true historic moment . You 'll feel like you 're in the middle of the situation . < br /><br />The film will help you gain unique insight in the happenings of 2003 and will help you hear a side you will rarely hear on TV . It 's something you should n't miss .
1 This Documentary ( Now available free on Video . Google . Com ) is a fantastic demonstration of the power of ordinary people to overcome injustice . Everyone must see this.<br /><br />Chavez was elected in a landslide vote in 1998 . His platform was to divert the fantastic oil wealth from the 20 % middle class to the 80 % poor . He banned foreign drift net fishing in Venezuelan waters . He sent 10,000 Cuban doctors to the slums to treat the sick for free . He wiped out illiteracy and set up new free Universities . < br /><br />But it was his 30 % tax on oil company profits that got him in trouble with the Bush administration . In 2002 , while Irish film makers Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Briain were interviewing Chavez inside the Presidential Palace about his social programs , a CIA backed coup was launched . With the cameras rolling , Chavez was captured and flown out of the country . It was announced on national TV that he had ' resigned'.<br /><br />But the poor of Venezuela did n't believe the media . They went to the Palace in their millions and demanded that Chavez be returned . In the face of such overwhelming numbers , the military turned on the coup leaders and the plotters fled to the US . Chavez was rescued by military helicopter and returned to jubilation .
1 I had no idea of the facts this film presents . As I remember this situation I accepted the information presented then in the media : a confused happening around a dubious personality : Mr. Chavez . The film is a revelation of many realities , I wonder if something of this caliber has ever been made . I supposed the protagonist was Mr . Chavez but everyone coming up on picture < br /><br />was important and at the end the reality of that entelechy : the people , was overwhelming . Thank you Kim Bartley and Donnacha O´Briain.<br /><br / >
1 This documentary has been aired on both RTE and BBC in the last number of months . Having seen it twice now I would recommend it to anyone with an interest in media and documentary film making.<br /><br />Initially this documentary was meant to detail the political life of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez . The Irish crew set off with those intentions . What happens when they get to Venezuela is startling as they witness first hand the attempted overthrow by rebel factions ( particularly the oil concerns in Venezuela ) of Chavez and his government . What we the audience witness is just how the media manipulates the situation and in effect backs the overthrow of Chavez by distorting events that transpire as the coup heightens.<br /><br />It really is an excellent documentary and a remarkable piece of work by a couple of novice filmmakers.<br /><br / >
1 A remarkable piece of documentary , giving a vivid depiction of a country deeply divided within itself ( for further evidence , check out some of the comments on IMDb ... ! ) . Compares extremely favourably with Oliver Stone 's " Comandante " ( which is mainly an in - depth examination of Fidel Castro 's nostril hairs ) . I do n't know whether Chavez is everything he presents himself as being , or yet another in the long line of populist Latin - American " caudillos " . Nor do I know whether he will be able to make good on the huge expectations he has clearly built up among the poor majority of Venezuelans . It 's hardly reasonable to expect a film like this to be able to answer such questions - but I 've certainly now got a pretty vivid idea of what 's at stake , and what it feels like to be caught up in the middle of a coup . Someone says in the film " we 're making history " , and that 's exactly what the film feels like it 's capturing . Outstanding stuff .
1 Someone has already mentioned " being at the right time at the right place " It was so true for this documentary that i had doubts about the genuineness of the scenes and thought it included perhaps some acting but it is not . It is all real . The story is nothing new for the people of the developing and/or poor countries . It sheds light on the manipulation of the people by corporate media , the misinformation , the artificial polarization of the people by deliberately creating tension on the streets , sometimes to the point that the army , intelligence agency or even the government(many believe , led by the US ) uses agents who attack " any " side to provoke the masses into violence and therefore justifying their coups . A marine officer in the film mentions this also . That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets . All of these scenarios have been played in Turkey(USA 's pet dog in the middle east ) throughout its history who has experienced 3 coups and lately , secret plans made by the Turkish army have been exposed , ironically through a pro - government religious / conservative media opposing the a - religious doctrines of the army , in which a very important mosque is bombed by an army agent to provoke the people etc.<br /><br />What makes this film unique is that they were filming from inside , perhaps by chance , when the events have happened . It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez . Whether or not this caused the directors to filter and manipulate the events and the information , I would not know.<br /><br />And whether Chavez will be defending the people of Venezuela against the dictatorship of US and the global economy without repressing any opposing thought with force and in the end becoming a self - indulgent tyrant , history will tell.<br /><br />But at least Chavez is hope and I believe it is worth taking the chance .
1 One of the best documentaries released in recent years . Some points ... <br /><br />1 . Hugo Chavez was elected Venezuela 's president in 1998 , his support largely coming from the poorer regions of Venezuela.<br /><br />2 . In 2002 , a coup briefly deposed Chavez . At the time , Irish filmmakers Kim Bartley and Donnacha O'Briain were in Caracas , shooting a documentary about Chavez for British television . Their film deconstructs the coup and its aftermath , and electrifyingly records history unfolding on - the - spot , outside and inside the presidential palace.<br /><br />3 . Chavez aimed to free Venezuela from the free - market policies imposed on it by the US . Though Venezuela 's oil was already state - owned , it was run for private benefit by executives who Chavez wished to replace.<br /><br />4 . Despite being the world 's fourth largest oil supplier , Venezuela remains swamped by poverty , its resources literally sucked away by foreign multinational corporations.<br /><br />5 . The documentary begins by portraying Chavez 's first years as president before the coup . It focuses on his popularity with the poor , and his various policies which proved popular with working class locals ( educational plans , distribution of the oil revenue , grass - root democracy etc).<br /><br />6 . Chavez was a huge proponent of education , and printed thousands of copies of the Venezuelan constitution , encouraging children and adults to study and understand it.<br /><br />7 . When Chavez came to power , he immediately pledged to redistribute oil profits . This , understandably , made the oil companies nervous.<br /><br />8 . A media - war broke out . The six private TV stations promptly began opposing the state - run TV station . They questioned Chavez 's motives , sanity and sexual orientation.<br /><br />9 . Without media support , the coup would not have been successful . The film makes it clear that coups rely heavily on the media to disseminate information and that news can be easily fabricated.<br /><br />10 . Under the guise of " re - establishing democracy " , the opposition silenced the state - run TV station , dissolved the National Electoral Board , Supreme Court , National Assembly and took control of the military.<br /><br />11 . Moneyed interests , backed by the military elite ( encouraged by the US and CIA ) , organised a citizens ' march on the presidential palace to effect the coup . Snipers shot at Chávez supporters , but the private media stations edited footage so it appeared that return fire was aimed at the opposition march that in fact had been safely diverted.<br /><br />12 . Police went on a shooting rampage against Chavez supporters , further bloodying the streets.<br /><br />13 . Chavez , held captive , refused to resign . Of course the media / government then lied , saying he had resigned , but Chavez 's cabinet members communicated the truth to the international community , which eventually got the message back to Venezuela by cable TV.<br /><br />14 . The people rose up , pressuring the return of the president they had elected , whom only a referendum could constitutionally replace.<br /><br />8.9/10 - At a little over an hour long , this doc is far too short . Nevertheless , its an engrossing piece of journalism and deals with a form of " media warfare " which rarely gets touched upon . Makes a great companion piece to " The Battle of Algiers".<br /><br />Worth one viewing .
1 With part reconstruction and part direct shooting , the directors made a formidably limpid documentary on a coup d'état against President Chavez in Venezuela , organized by a foreign secret service and fully supported by the wealthy Venezuelan minority , the political opposition , the Church ( a cynical laughing cardinal ) and the US government . It was another chapter in the history of US foreign policy , which Steven Kinzer calls ' Overthrow ' or ' sowing democracy American style ' . In fact , this foreign backed intervention was not only a coup d'état against President Chavez , but also against the democratic majority which elected him . < br /><br />That this is a brilliant documentary is mightily confirmed by the violent reactions for and against it on Internet . As Saint Augustine said : ' Men love truth when it bathes them in its light ; they hate it when it proves them wrong.'<br /><br />This movie is a must see for all those who want to understand the world we live in .
1 It 's really rare that you get an inside view at a media deception that has been so widely reported as official " truth " and caught so many " news " agencies with their pants down . This movie , in my view , deserves every price there is in journalism - it 's objective ( yes ! ) , courageous and a real " scoop " . It can do without comment , fake scenes or leading questions - everyone , including Chavez equally gets to make fools of themselves in their own words . The filmmakers " only " had to keep track of events and keep their cameras rolling.<br /><br />The Venezuelan elite teaches us " How to depose of a President and sell it as a victory of democracy " . It 's amazing that they lost in the end - so far . From what I know , the biggest TV station involved only got its terrestrial license revoked , they 're still broadcasting via cable and satellite . I highly doubt whether George W. or Barack Obama would be that tolerant after an attempted coup . But then , they do n't have to worry.<br /><br />The fact that the " Chavez supporters shoot innocent civilians " scam was so willingly repeated around the world reveals just how biased the so - called " free " ( established ) media really has become , or has always been , only more so . An important lesson to anyone interested in what " really " goes on in the world.<br /><br />The famous " objectivity " challenge always comes into play when journalists dare to oppose the mainstream view , or reveal unwelcome facts that accuse " us " - it has been true with the effects of the Atomic bomb , the US secret history of spreading " democracy " around the world or the Iraq war that , according to Johns Hopkins , has killed 1,3 million Iraquis by now , not to mention the 60,000 Afghans ( in 2003 ) that are never mentioned . To be objective , Saddam Hussein was less damaging to his people than the US . And the US is ready & willing to be more damaging to the Iranians that he was.<br /><br />I'm quite curious about the upcoming trial of some Khmer Rouge leaders before the International Tribunal in The Hague , whether there will be any mention of " our " involvement in supporting and training Pol Pot 's guerrillas in the 80 's , when they had been largely defeated by the Vietnamese . Probably not.<br /><br />All the more reason to turn to the Independent media for balance , if not exposure of fraud .
1 I 've been impressed with Chavez 's stance against globalisation for sometime now , but it was n't until I saw the film at the Amsterdam documentary international film festival that I realize what he has really achieved . This film tells the story of coup / conspiracy by Venezuela 's elite , the oil companies and oil loving corrupt western governments , to remove democratically elected president Chavez , and return Venezuela back to a brutal dictatorship . This film is must for anyone who believes in freedom and justice , and is also a lesson to the rest of world ! I commend the people of Venezuela for taking matter into their own hands , and saving their country from the likes of Halliburton and the Bush regime .
1 Even though we know how the story ends , this is a gripping fly - on - the - wall film that plays almost like a political thriller . During the calm before the storm , we meet Hugo Chavez as a charismatic , larger than life man who has an unbreakable connection with the mestizos who make up 80 % of the population but have previously been shut out of Venezuela 's political process and its oil wealth . He seems as devoted to them as they are to him . He travels the country at a hectic pace , reaching out to the campesinos , addressing huge crowds , hugging and kissing ordinary people , accepting letters on scraps of paper , and hearing pleas for help . The people are excited that one of their number has made it to the highest office in the land . There is an electric sense of hope and optimism that change for the better is coming to the festering barrios.<br /><br />But not everyone is happy with the situation . The pure - blood Castillian Spaniard elite who are a small minority but previously controlled all the wealth are full of bitterness and resentment . One of the most unintentionally hilarious moments in the film is when an Ann Coulter lookalike , at a residents ' meeting in an exclusive gated community , complains of the mestizos , " they have no concept of struggle or sacrifice . " Minutes later , a speaker tells the meeting to " beware of your domestic servants - they could be Chavez supporters . " Duh ! Of course they are.<br /><br />In a late night interview alone with the film crew , Chavez reveals something of his soul as he tells the story of his grandfather . He can be a sensitive , poetic person , though with an impish , even clownish , sense of humor ( like we saw when he addressed the UN and called Bush the devil.)<br /><br />Then the storm starts to gather force as the coup organizers call for a mass protest and cynically manipulate their supporters into changing the route at the last minute and marching on the presidential palace , knowing it is surrounded by Chavez supporters and violence is inevitable.<br /><br />Another element of the plot falls into place as snipers on rooftops begin to fire on the Chavez supporters , some of whom fire back . The local equivalent of Fox News shows this return fire and claims that Chavez supporters are massacring protesters . Then the camera pulls back and reveals that there are no protesters - the street is empty ! The protesters took a different route . Needless to say the footage of the empty street was edited out by the rabidly anti - Chavez private TV stations ( who had been airing a constant barrage of propaganda calling Chavez mentally ill and sexually fixated on Fidel Castro . ) Immediately after the coup , we see the ringleaders and their media propaganda masters openly bragging on TV about how they had manipulated the situation with reckless disregard for the lives of supporters and opponents alike.<br /><br />The filmmakers continue to be at the heart of this chaotic , fast - changing situation as the military coup surrounds the palace and threatens to bomb it . Chavez eventually surrenders to avoid bloodshed but refuses to resign and is whisked away to an offshore island where a plane awaits to take him - where ? The US ? How can the remaining cabinet members avoid arrest and defeat this heavily armed conspiracy of right - wing generals and ultra - wealthy businessmen who are closely linked to the Bush administration ? Watch the movie and find out!<br /><br />If your only knowledge of Hugo Chavez and Venezuela is from the US media , then you know nothing . He is not an " unelected tyrant " and does not " rule by decree " - he is enormously popular , having been elected and re - elected several times with over 60 % of the vote ( something George Bush Junior has never achieved ) and the devotion he inspires in ordinary Venezuelan people is ultimately the reason why the coup fails.<br /><br />This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation . The skill of the filmmakers is in being unobtrusive and letting the story unfold through the voices of Venezuelans at every level from the barrio to the presidential palace , the tumultuous scenes , the chaos and confusion out of which a coherent whole emerges that is tense , riveting and moving . Not to be missed !
1 This really is an incredible film . Not only does it document the eternal struggle of indigenous and disenfranchised people to gain their rightful voice but it also shows the United States up for its dishonesty , subterfuge , and blatant disregard for human rights and self - determination . Chavez is shown as a very brave and charismatic leader struggling against what can only be characterized as a despicable elite devoid of any sense of proportion or justice . These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.<br /><br />And in the cross hairs we see the USA , once again pulling the strings and blurring all sense of reality . It 's heart - breaking to watch the initial stages of the revolt knowing full well that the subversion of democracy that we 're witnessing is a tool long used by successive American governments and their seemingly blinkered citizens . The footage makes it clear that this is not a manipulation of TV or generic footage but an active documentation of a people and its government fighting for its future . Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience . These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude . Long live Chavez.<br /><br />We need to enshrine the notion that each country must be allowed to choose its government and to develop in ways that the majority sees fit . First phase in this process is the need to know what the realities of the situation are , and this documentary does a great job of doing just that .
1 Very good point there : " only an elite few ( the upper classes ) would both have access to the internet AND be able to communicate on an exclusively English speaking site such as the IMDb " Some might think Internet Is not reality but this point of view really put media society and democracy at stake : You are probably right .. Even If there Is Internet cafe 's in Venezuela most Chavez supporters will not afford to even rent a computer for half an hour to comment on IMDb.<br /><br />Screw you faschist upper class rich right wing capitalist liberal intellectual surpressors .. Probably this is your first time using Internet ;) ..
1 A case of being in the right place at the right time . What a fascinating film . It is easy to see why Chavez is so popular with his people . He gets things done . He is accessible . And it is also easy to see why the west hates him so much . He has control of the resources of his country and gives the profits back to the people . Mostly the poor . And it easy to see how the TV stations can portray misleading images to put there case . Just like the Iraq war , or the war on Terror . Or those missing WMD 's . Or how about the axis of evil . People need to wake up . And get different points of view . Stop the neo cons ruling the world . Go watch this movie with an open mind . And make your own mind up . Then I suggest you see Aaron Russo 's : America : Freedom to Fascism . It is not the people of America that are the problem . It is the government .
1 You 've never seen anything like it . Once the coup begins , it 's the most dazzling , edge - of - your - seat thriller you 'll ever see -- even though you know the outcome . And it 's all real , because it 's a documentary -- amazing . < br /><br />By the time it was over , it was on my Top 10 list of All Time Great Movies.<br /><br />Disregard the slobbering right - wing fanatics . Everyone I know who has seen this film gives it the 4-star rating . Even if you do n't care about politics or about Venezuelan politics , you will find yourself nerve - racked and -- believe it -- on the edge of your seat.<br /><br />It 's a roller - coaster ride .
1 Yes , the cameras were in the right place at the right time . It 's so interesting to see how a world leader ( like Chavez ) who supports the poor people in his country , can be held in such low esteem in the US . His worst " sin " , in my opinion , is caring about those who are at the bottom of the barrel . What can be so bad about that ? I have always been fascinated by the US government+media reaction to Fidel Castro . At first , Castro was a good guy ( around 1959 ) when he supplanted Batista . Soon , however , Castro started turning the corporations in Cuba toward the needs of the poor instead of the fat cats . We 're a decent country , but why does our media and government have such a problem with sharing with the poor ? If these guys are " dictators , " then we could use more " dictatorships " especially where the poorest of the poor live in the world .
1 One of the most timely and engrossing documentaries , you 'll ever watch . While the story takes place in the Venezuelan capital of Caracas , it provides an intimate look into political dynamics , that prevail throughout the western Hemisphere . While essentially another chapter in the story of the " U.S. backed , Latin American coup " , this film chronicles in real - time , what can happen when the poorest people , are armed with unity , political savvy , and courage ! < br /><br />The political insights offered by this film are invaluable . One gets clear examples of the private media , as a formidable force for mass deception and propaganda . We see the poor people of Caracas grappling with the brutal realities of " American politics " . One gets a clear sense of impending doom , if the people fail to address the blatant tyranny , which has been abruptly , and illegally , thrust upon them by the conspirators . We also see the arrogance and fascism , of the CIA backed , private media , plutocrats , and generals , who 've conspired to bring Venezuela back under Washington 's domination . Though ably led by President Hugo Chavez , the people of Caracas are forced to act without him , after Chavez was forcibly kidnapped by renegade generals . Their response is the highpoint of the film . If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.S. government , Hugo Chavez , and revolutionary Venezuela , are all about , this movie is it !
1 This movie is basically a documentary of the chronologically ordered series of events that took place from April 10 , 2002 through April 14 , 2002 in the Venezuelan Presidential Palace , Caracas Venezuela.<br /><br />The pathos of the movie is real and one feels the pain , sorrow and joy of the people who lived through this failed coup d'etat of President Hugo Chavez.<br /><br />One comes away from viewing this film that Hugo Chavez is truly a great historical figure . Hugo Chavez 's persona single - handedly brought the Venezuelan people to overthrow the 3-day old military - installed junta and re - establish the democratically installed government of Venezuela.<br /><br />It is obvious from the film footage that George W Bush aided and abetted the Venezuelan coup d'etat . That the mainstream media aided and abetted George W Bush is not surprising.<br /><br />What is surprising is how few people has seen this movie and how few people realize the total corruption of America 's mass media.<br /><br />It has taken only 20 years for Ronald Reagan elimination of the Fairness Doctrine in 1986 to turn America into blind and rudderless state.<br /><br />May Hugo Chavez open patriotic Americans ' eyes to the truth and beauty of the true American vision .
1 I very much enjoyed " The Revolution Will Not Be Televised " . It gave me , once again , a positive feeling about the power of people to decide for themselves how they wish to be governed.<br /><br />It is unfortunate that in Venezuela the twenty percent of wealthy citizens have made all of the decisions for the eighty percent of the poor for decades , if not centuries . However , when their coup failed ; after the interim government dissolved the Supreme Court , and The Constitution , and the Ombudsman , and the Electoral Boards , and all Civil Rights , no one took the plotters out behind a barn somewhere and shot them . They have n't even gone to jail . The major plotters are living in Florida , carrying on . And the protection that they had was the " Bolivarian Constitution " passed by a large majority of the Venezuelan People . It is not only History that Bites . Democracy can give you one hell of a nip if you let it loose . And in Venezuela it is loose .
1 This is an astounding film . As well as showing actual footage of key events in the failed coup to oust Chavez , we are given the background picture which describes a class - divided society . Many of the rich , it appears , have a choice with the people 's democratic choice , and are willing to use the military for regime change . ' Be careful what you say in front of your servants ' is a revealing comment . The head of the country 's biggest oil company appoints himself as the new president , with US backing , and these young Irish film makers have it all on camera . A great film to educate young people about democracy . We see transparent documentation of how media can be manipulated , and force used , in the interests of big business , against the interests of the democratic wishes of the people . Riveting stuff .
1 To me this was more a wake up call , and realization that most all we see , hear , read and think about most anything , is dependent on what the media feeds us . This is a classic example of high level spin doctors attempting to control the masses through controlled information . It is also an excellent example of how people that have a constitution that they freely bought in to , will not be swayed by this media control or any attempted mis - information . Once again this shows that at the end of the day the needs of the many will in fact outweigh the needs of the few . It is also enlightening to see that in in a country where there is no religious civil war going on , that democracy is not a real hard thing to implement .
1 This is a great movie , it shows what our government will to to other countries if we do n't like their government . This is n't as bad as what Reagan and Bush number one did to South America , but the US still has no business messing around with other countries like this . This movies also proves that American media spouts government propaganda . This is exactly what they did to Aristide in Haiti . The reason this coup against Chavez did n't succeed is Chavez was elected with over 90 % of the vote.<br /><br />This movie is n't just a political documentary , it would still be a great movie if it were a drama , it 's amazing that this is real.<br /><br />The other reviewer is lying when he says " Chavez seizes the airwaves " , the private media is running anti Chavez propaganda all the time .
1 < br /><br />Arriving by boxcar in New York City , the shrewd young woman with the BABY FACE begins to methodically canoodle her way to the top floors of power in a great bank.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck is fascinating as the amoral heroine of this influential pre - Code drama . Without a shred of decency or regret , she coolly manipulates the removal or destruction of the men unlucky enough to find themselves in her way . A wonderful actress , Stanwyck has full opportunity here to display her ample talents.<br /><br />Appearing quite late in the story , George Brent is a welcome addition as the one fellow possibly able to handle Stanwyck ; his sophisticated style of acting makes a nice counterpoint to her icy demeanor . Douglas Dumbrille , Donald Cook & Henry Kolker portray a succession of her unfortunate victims.<br /><br />John Wayne appears for just a few scant seconds as an unsuccessful suitor for Stanwyck 's affections . This would be the only time these two performers appeared together on screen.<br /><br />Movie mavens should recognize Nat Pendleton as a speakeasy customer , and Charles Sellon & Edward Van Sloan as bank executives - all unbilled.<br /><br />The music heard on the soundtrack throughout the film , perfectly punctuating the plot , is ‘Baby Face ' ( 1926 ) by Benny Davis & Harry Akst and ‘St . Louis Blues ' ( 1914 ) by W.C. Handy.<br /><br />BABY FACE is a prime example of pre - Code naughtiness . In its frank & unapologetic dealing with sex , it is precisely the kind of film which the implementation of the Production Code in 1934 was meant to eliminate .
1 No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that . Here 's a few different slants on it from one of those " religious nuts , " as one bigoted reviewer puts it so tolerantly . < br /><br />1 ) " Baby Face " ( 1933 ) offers perhaps THE classic example ever put on film of how women can manipulate men with sex . There is a lot of truth to what Barbara Stanwyck demonstrates in this film : look cute , bat your eyelashes , offer your body for free ..... and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.<br /><br />In this case , it was job advancement with the ultimate goal of money ..... lots of it . At least four men in this film do provide just that , even if it ruins their lives in the process . < br /><br />2 ) The ending - which many of the reviewers here seemed to hate - gives another great message : all the money and material goods in the world wo n't make a person feel fulfilled . A sad comment that so many " critics " here would rather have immoral messages , preferring sleaze over substance . No surprise , I guess.<br /><br />Any way you look at it , the movie is entertaining start - to - finish and Stanwyck has some great lines , particularly in the beginning when she tells off her crude father and his unruly bar customers . At a little over 70 minutes , this film moves at a fast pace and is over before you know it .
1 An original uncensored print of this amazing film was discovered in 2004 in the Library of Congress , and has been shown in a few specialized theaters around the world in 2005 . According to current reviews that I 've found online , the original has all of the nastiest dialog and innuendos intact ; they were later either removed or completely re - shot by the studio prior to initial release , in order to pass the New York state censors . I have also read that a DVD is " expected in 2006 " and one can only hope ! If we 're really luckily , it will include comparisons between the 2 versions . Note that the released censored version was originally available on Laserdisc , which I have seen . Stanwyck rules !
1 " Baby Face " is a precode melodrama starring a very young Barbara Stanwyck , an almost unrecognizable George Brent , and Theresa Harris . It 's about a girl who goes to the city to make good ... or should I say make time . Stanwyck 's father has been pimping her for one reason or another her whole life in dingy , depressed , filthy Erie , Pennsylvania . After her father dies , one older father type who knows what she 's been through and truly cares about her future advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of opportunities there - and not the easy ones - and to take the high road in life . ( Note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut - this part of the film was redone for the censors . ) She and Chico ( Harris ) go to New York where Lily ( nickname : Baby Face ) decides the low road 's a lot smoother and will get her where she wants to go a lot faster . In the movie 's most famous scene , the camera moves us up the corporate ladder by taking us from floor to floor as Lily sleeps her way to the top . She finally corrals the big man himself and is able to quit her day job . Trouble follows , and she 's soon involved in a huge scandal.<br /><br />Stanwyck wears lots of makeup and for most of the film is cool as a cucumber as she seduces one man after another with no regrets , and she 's great at playing the innocent victim . In one scene , she sits staring at a king 's ransom in jewels while wearing a black dress that looks like it 's decorated with diamonds at the top . Then she asks Chico for another case , and that 's filled with more jewelry , plus securities . All in a day 's work.<br /><br />Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played down or glamorous , and was a talented singer and dancer as well . Here , she sings or hums the movie 's theme , " St. Louis Woman " throughout . She worked in literally dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck 's , her best work being in the precode era . As a bizarre byproduct of the code , blacks were often given less to do in films after it was put in place.<br /><br />Precode films could be more sexually blatant and therefore , though they 're 70 + years old , seem more modern . Even though these films did n't have to have moral endings , Baby Face learns her lessons - how like life it is after all . There were several endings of this film , all with the same message . The one I saw had an added scene , but apparently , there were two other endings that did n't pass the censors . ( There was n't a code but there were always censors . ) At any rate , it 's a neat surprise . " Baby Face " is an important film in movie history - a must see .
1 Finally , the uncut version of " Baby Face " surfaces and from what source ? The Library of Congress . The restored four minutes , snippets here and there , make for a much better film . We now know that Baby Face was pimped by her old man from the time she was at least fourteen years of age . Another reason d'tat for her behavior and cold , calculating exterior.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck is indeed amazing in the role of Lily Powers ( notice the moniker ) , a part that called for just the right amount of sexuality coated with power , cunning , and revenge , yet tinged with virginal pretense when called for , a very difficult portrayal to make convincing . Barbara Stanwyck conveys the necessary nuances to show that though she sleeps her way to the top ( literally ) , she still has good in her heart -- note the way she treats those few who have been kind to her such as Chico ( the marvelous actress Theresa Harris ) and the old philosopher . And though she exploits her sexuality to make mush of men who are rich and powerful , those same men are attempting to exploit her for their carnal desires with no intention of permanent ties until they fall in love with her.<br /><br />Lily Powers fails to understand , at first , that emotions are difficult to ride , that it 's easy to lose control . One possible result is death . Hitching a wagon to a star of course materialism can take one to a destination where nothing else exists but the ephemeral , and it 's a cold lonely location.<br /><br />A word should be said about the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche whose will to power is stressed in " Baby Face " by the elderly philosopher who befriends Lilly when she is still turning tricks for her old man . " Baby Face " was released the same year Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany . Though it 's highly unlikely that the semi - literate Hitler understood much about Nietzsche , he considered himself a Nietzschean to the nth degree and touted it along side his other rantings . " Baby Face " serves as an indictment of the popular interpretation of Nietzsche 's will to power concept , especially in the final scenes.<br /><br />Although " You 've got the cutest little baby face . " is apropos as a theme for " Baby Face , " an even more telling and applicable melody is W. C. Handy 's " St. Louis Blues " played throughout the film , especially at times when the camera has to drift away from what would otherwise be sexually explicit scenes . " St. Louis Blues " is also used wisely toward the end as Lily begins to see beyond materialism to eternal values . Chico is singing a raw , salacious version of " St. Louis Blues " when Lily , now disagreeing with the lyrics , orders her to stop.<br /><br />The restored version of " Baby Face " makes the film more modern in its approach and attitude toward sex as power than many a new Hollywood release . By all means watch this gem from the distant past and enjoy .
1 The National Gallery of Art showed the long - thought lost original uncut version of this film on July 10 , 2005 . It restores vital scenes cut by censors upon its release . The character of the cobbler , a moral goody - goody individual in the original censored release of 1933 is here presented as a follower of the philosopher Nietsze and urges her to use men to claw her way to the top . Also , the corny ending of the original which I assume is in current VHS versions is eliminated and the ending is restored to its original form . A wonderful film of seduction and power . Hopefully , there will a reissue of this film on DVD for all to appreciate its great qualities . Look for it .
1 This one is considered a key Pre - Code film – from the director who later made the musical biopic THE JOLSON STORY ( 1946 ) , but also the paranoid sci - fi INVASION U.S.A. ( 1952 ) ! – and features one of Barbara Stanwyck 's best early roles.<br /><br />She 's supported by a fine cast which includes popular actors and valued character performers of the day – George Brent , Douglass Dumbrille , Edward van Sloan , Nat Pendleton and John Wayne ( at one point addressing Stanwyck with the titular nickname , derived from a popular song which is heard constantly throughout ) in the former category and , in the latter , Robert Barrat ( as Stanwyck 's father ) , Donald Cook ( as her most tragic conquest ) , Alphonse Ethier ( as her elderly mentor – more on this later ) , Arthur Hohl ( as a lecherous politician ) and Henry Kolker ( as Cook 's boss and father - in - law , whom Stanwyck also seduces ) . Curiously , scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were subsequently deleted at his own request when the film ran into trouble with the censors!<br /><br />Abetted by crackling i.e. typically hard - boiled dialogue and realistic Anton Grot sets , the narrative contains unexpected overtones of Nietzschean philosophy fed to our small - town heroine by the intellectual Ethier ( Stanwyck complains to him early on that she 's no " ball of fire " which , of course , contradicts her later comedy – directed by Howard Hawks and co - starring Gary Cooper – of that name ! ) . Under Ethier 's auspices , she quickly blooms into an essentially heartless character determined that nothing shall stand in her path to success ; the symbolic depiction of her rise in stature at the New York firm she 's eventually employed with is reminiscent of a similarly sardonic one – relating to an ambitious statesman 's lust for power – in Sergei Eisenstein 's October ( 1927 ) ! Sociologically , it 's also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen sticking her neck out for her black maid / companion.<br /><br />The first two - thirds of the film are simply terrific ; at first , I found the latter stages somewhat disappointing – because I was expecting to see Stanwyck get her comeuppance by falling for the belatedly - introduced George Brent character while he ignores her … but , just like the others , he 's soon under her spell ! On second viewing , however , this aspect felt less jarring – as it 's evident that Stanwyck has been affected by the two deaths her selfish behavior has caused , and that her tenure in Paris has softened her ( even if she tries to cling to her hard - earned wealth for as long as it 's possible).<br /><br />Released on DVD by Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION , the film is presented in two strikingly different edits – a recently unearthed Pre - Release version and the tamer Theatrical Release print . Among the considerable footage cut from the latter is dialogue pertaining to Stanwyck 's life as a tramp from the age of 14 ( though it 's heard in the accompanying trailer ! ) , while many other scenes have been shortened ( i.e. censored for content ) : the violent fisticuff which develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists his advances ; the seduction at the railroad car ; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised with Stanwyck by Cook ; the shooting , followed by a suicide ( only shots are heard in the shorter version ) ; Stanwyck thinking about her conquests while the phonograph is playing ( again , only Brent appears in the version released to theaters ) , etc . Tha latter , then , utilizes alternate takes for some scenes – and includes an establishing shot of the city which is missing from the longer version ; however , we also get an obviously tacked - on happy ending ( the Pre - Release version concludes abruptly on a very effective open - ended note ) and an equally unconvincing cautionary letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York which , basically , has the function of substituting all references to Nietzsche !
1 Barbara Stanwyck as a real tough cookie , a waitress to the working classes ( and prostitute at the hands of her father ) who escapes to New York City and uses her feminine wiles to get a filing job , moving on to Mortgage and Escrow , and later as assistant secretary to the second in command at the bank . Dramatic study of a female character unafraid to be unseemly has lost none of its power over the years , with Barbara acting up a storm ( portraying a woman who learns to be a first - rate actress herself ) . Parlaying a little Nietzschean philosophy into her messed up life , this lady crushes out sentiment all right , but she never loses our fascination , our awe . She 's a plain - spoken , hard - boiled broad , but she 's not a bitch , nor is she a man - eater or woman - hater . This gal is all out for herself , and as we wait for her to eventually learn about real values in life , her journey up and down the ladder of success provides heated , sexy entertainment . John Wayne ( with thick black hair and too much eye make - up ) does well in an early role as the assistant in the file office , though all the supporting players are quite good . * * * from * * * *
1 During 1933 this film had many cuts taken from it because it was very over the top for the story content and the fact that Lily Powers,(Barbara Stanwyck ) would do anything to obtain great wealth and power . Lily 's father had forced his daughter into prostitution at the age of 14 and she grew up in a steel mill of a town with very poor people and her father ran a speakeasy which brought into his home all kinds of male characters who had their eye on Lily . As the story progresses , Lily meets up with man after man and eventually finds a guy who has everything and is a playboy bank president It is great to see a very young John Wayne , ( Jimmy McCoy Jr. ) who was only 25 when this picture was produced and Jimmy did not even get to first base with Lily , not even for lunch . A very young George Brent , ( Coutland Trenholm ) stars along with Barbara Stanwyck and both gave outstanding performances . This is a great film from 1933 which was produced by Darryl F. Zanuck and was locked up in a fault for many years and just recently is being shown on the silver screen . This film is rather mild compared to what we view on the Hollywood screens today , but in 1933 it was very naughty to watch this type of film . Enjoy
1 BABY FACE is one of the better of the " forgotten " films before the code . It was shown last night after the 1931 version of WATERLOO BRIDGE on the TURNER CLASSIC NETWORK , so I was able to watch the film as it is now with four plus minutes of it restored . < br /><br />Stanwyck is living in East St. Louis ( where she may have known the drunken parents of " Myra " - Mae Clarke - in WATERLOO BRIDGE ) . Her father is Robert Barrett . She has lived with him since the death of her mother , and ( in the restored dialog ) he has been pimping her since she was 14 years old . Now she is resident waitress and part - time whore in his speakeasy , her closest friend being Chico ( Theresa Harris ) , the African - American servant who Barrett keeps bullying . It is one of the two good points of Stanwyck 's personality that she keeps standing up to her father about Harris , threatening to leave if Harris is fired ( and since it is the grubby workers like Nat Pendleton , who enjoy seeing Stanwyck serve them , rather than the flavor of the hooch he serves that brings them in , Barrett has to obey her).<br /><br />The one guy who comes to the speakeasy regularly whom Stanwyck likes is the shoemaker and intellectual Adolf Cragg ( Alphonse Ethier ) , who sees great potential in the spirited girl if she will just leave her forsaken home . He is also pushing the philosophy of Friedrich Nietzche , and the idea of the will to power . More about this later.<br /><br />After she knocks out the local political bigwig ( Arthur Hohl ) , and has an argument with Barrett about this , a still explosion kills Barrett , and enables Stanwyck to leave her home town . She and Harris head to New York City , managing to get free transport by a railroad freight car by sleeping with a brakeman ( James Murray ) . They reach New York , and after walking about they see the Gotham Trust Company ( established 1873 ) , and the friendly guard tells her where the personnel office is.<br /><br />We slowly watch Stanwyck ascend the corporate ladder to the top , similar ( but sleazier ) than Robert Morse dared in HOW TO SUCCEED IN BUSINESS WITHOUT REALLY TRYING . But Morse was a man in a man dominated company . Stanwyck knows her sexual allure is her weapon . She goes through John Wayne , Douglas Dumbrille ( a section of the film that I always felt was the most shocking - curiously enough - when I watched it ) , Douglas Wood , Henry Kolker , and finally George Brent . Each ends up falling for her , and either being pushed aside when no longer useful , or destroyed by her . Brent , the new President of the Bank his grandfather founded , eventually marries her - and the crisis of the film is when the bank 's economic situation is shaken ( especially after Brent buys her a fortune in jewels and gives her valuable bonds ) . Brent is indicted . Will she stick up for him ? < br /><br />SPOILER COMING UP : < br /><br />The one thing about these films that is not admitted is that the theatrical and moral conventions of the time still dictated endings . The original ending had Stanwyck boarding a ship for Europe abandoning Brent to his fate , but realizing she ca n't do it to him , returning to their apartment house , and finding he 's shot himself . She is riding with him to the hospital as it ends . Now before the rediscovered footage was found , the film ended with them apparently giving up all their money to the bank to save it , and retiring back to East St. Louis , to live happily if poor.<br /><br />Neither of these are good endings . Stanwyck should continue on her destructive course , with Brent the last of her victims . But even without the Breen office the script writers ( one is Darryl Zanuck , by the way ) saw fit to have her find a moral center . She has none - at least none for powerful men ( whom she hates ) . I do n't think that a depression audience would have tolerated that type of conclusion.<br /><br />There are other problems , due to the changing styles of public opinion and changes in society . It was a man 's world in the corporate world in 1933 , so Stanwyck has her work cut out for her . Wood ( when she is going to be fired for an indiscretion with him ) admits that he did not want her to work . < br /><br />But in 2006 , Stanwyck would have been finding woman all over the place . In the film there are nasty , catty remarks ( obviously some based on jealousy ) towards Stanwyck from other secretaries and female employees at her rapid rise . In 2006 , she 'd be frequently confronting women superiors , and she would find them cutting her off at the legs very quickly . Of course , if she finds one or two are lesbians she might try that road but it is doubtful . And she also never seems to meet any men who are gay . They do have gay male executives in business , who would n't give a damn about her legs or breasts.<br /><br />Then there is her mentor , Mr Cragg . Cragg is remade in the " bowdlerized " version into trying to make her seek a moral center . In reality he pushes Nieztsche , but the way ( in a broader sense ) the Nazis pushed Nieztsche - find your way to power and push it . While Nieztsche did stress power sometimes , it was n't the be - all and end - all of his theories . Otherwise nobody would read him today in college courses . Cragg is obviously self - educated , but only half - educated . In short if somebody who thoroughly studied Nieztsche confronted Cragg he 'd make him look like a half - educated fool . And this is Stanwyck 's mentor ! A good film , and for it 's day worth a 10 ... but seriously flawed .
1 The pre - release version of 1933 's " Baby Face " would make an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment . Mentored by a Nietszchean professor , Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtue at her father 's speakeasy to a rapid climb up the corporate ladder at a large bank . Because each rung of the ladder is an executive with his brain below his belt and his ethics locked in the vault , the film has no victims , except Lily 's childhood , which was destroyed by an abusive exploitative father . The destructive relationship with her father suggests Lily 's hidden motive for using men to advance without regard for their fate . While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach , the men she targets willingly betray wives and fiancés to trade jobs for sexual favors . Perhaps the bank failures in the 1930 's owed less to economics than to morally corrupt executives distracted by ambitious women.<br /><br />The plot moves fast , and the camera amusingly moves from window to window up the façade of the office building as Lily climbs ever higher . Barbara Stanwyck reveled in tough hard - bitten roles , and she is in top form here . Sentiment does not intrude when she is ready to climb the next rung . Only her African - American confidante , Chico , receives Lily 's affection , trust , and loyalty . In more enlightened times , the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris , who plays Chico , would have had the men throwing the furs and penthouses at her . Stanwyck often appears overly made - up and stiffly coiffed in comparison to Harris . However , despite Stanwyck 's tough demeanor , obvious tactics , and artificial visage , she manages to leave a trail of duped and seduced men , including Douglass Dumbrille , Donald Cook , and a young John Wayne.<br /><br />The preferred version of " Baby Face " is the 76-minute restored cut . The edited release version of the film shyly turns from the hard facts , which the longer cut restores and makes explicit . Perhaps Darryl Zanuck , who wrote the story under an assumed name , intended a lesson by quoting from Nietszche , whose views on women were controversial . However , despite Alphonse Ethier 's lectures and advice not to be defeated by life , Lily 's grab for power and money likely owed more to her upbringing and her father than to her professorial mentor . However , the philosophy is but a distraction . Short , fast paced , and entertaining , " Baby Face " is as contemporary in its morality as " Wall Street . " Substitute Gordon Gecko for Nietszche , and Lily could have declared her guiding philosophy to be " greed is good . "
1 I hand't seen the restored , or any version for that matter , of " Baby Face " with Barbara Stanwyck till I caught it on TCM . What a great movie ! In a nutshell Lily lives in a speakeasy , she 's been pimped out by her own Father since she was 14 ! Then his still blows up and he 's killed leaving Lily ( Stanwyck ) alone cept for her black maid Chico , played very nicely by Theresa Harris . Lily leaves for the big city ( New York ) deciding to use her sex to get to the top . She does this in great style!<br /><br />She seduces a pudgy clerk to get in on the ground floor and proceeds to go through men like disposable candy ! One dumps his fiancée and kills his near father - in - law , also Lily 's sugar - daddy , then commits suicide ! Lily barely blinks ! STanwyck is terrific as a girl who really does n't know what love is.<br /><br />Then in Paris , she falls for Courtland , played by George Brent , they marry , but when he 's in deep financial straights , she bolts . Nearly free with Chico and a half - million , she realizes she loved Court ! Lily races to find him , but will she be too late ? < br /><br />This is pre - code Hollywood at its best . Stanwyck is tremendous and the look and music in the film are perfect . This reminded me of " Original Sin " with Angelina Jolie , another unfairly ignored flick with an amoral woman , those who disliked that films ultra - romantic leanings , will not like Baby FAce any better , those with belief in sex , love and power , will love it . Highly recommended ! See it !
1 In my opinion this has to be one of Barbara Stanwyck 's best performances . She was one of only a handful of actors , then and now , who could say more with a single look than an entire page of dialogue . And I was lucky enough to see the original and uncensored movie , with the extra 4 minutes of additional footage . Too bad the movie is so short . Lily is a young woman barely holding it together working for her father in his illegal speakeasy . Her only link to anything is her good friend , Chico , played wonderfully by Theresa Harris . Though Chico is African American ( and having a white woman be best friends with a black woman back in the 30s was as controversial as the subject matter of this movie ) , and Lily is not , they have a special bond . And it is not sexual . Just 2 women stuck , or shoved , into a situation beyond their control . After Lily 's father dies , and she does not know what she will do , she is told that she has the power to get out and to get what she wants . Yes , it 's immoral , but that 's the entire point of this movie . Then " they " had to go and ruin the last few minutes . So , up until the last few minutes of the movie , it 's a superb film and worth watching . The " lesson " of the movie is still as valid today as it was back then , and I 'm sure will be a 100 years from now . Women , it 's awful what Lily does in order to get what she wants , but it works . Men , take note .
1 Excellent , pre - code amoral tale with Barbara Stanwyck as the newly inspired ( by writings of Nietzsche ! ) to drive out her sensitivities and exploit herself , use men to her advantage . Not really fair on the German philosopher but interesting that this was the year Hitler came to power . Stanwyck , even in this young version does n't do a lot for me but she certainly performs well here , ever driving herself and the film forward . Not as much flesh on display here as one might have expected but plenty of risqué situations and astonishing quips and innuendo . Great fun , if not a particularly attractive presentation of men and I suppose in all honesty not a very attractive view of the gold digging female . Still , that 's life !
1 This is a hard - boiled Warner Brothers film starring a very young Barbara Stanwyck . A consummate master at portraying Machiavellian cool , a technique she perfected eleven years later in Billy Wilder 's " Double Indemnity " , Stanwyck plays Lily Powers , the well - worn daughter of a violent speakeasy owner in a suffocating steel - town . She has been rendered cynical and numb by years of being offered up as a sexual favor to her father 's customers . Once her father dies in a distillery explosion , she hops a freight train to New York and literally sleeps her way up the corporate ladder of a bank.<br /><br />This would come across as preposterous were it not for Stanwyck 's blazing work here . With her dead - eyed stare and amoral seduction methods , it is easy to see why men become addicted to her aggressive carnality . One of the young men she seduces along the way is a fresh - faced John Wayne as of all things , an accountant named Jimmy McCoy . The melodrama gets heavy - handed toward the last third of the film with a murder - suicide , a hush - hush job in Paris to keep Lily quiet and the new bank president who is so addicted to Lily that he embezzles company funds to keep her in luxury . A tacked - on ending is somewhat disappointing but not before Stanwyck sears the screen . The film has curious touches like Lily 's bonding friendship with an African - American woman named Chico and the German immigrant who teaches Lily about Nietzsche philosophy regarding the importance of avoiding sentimentality .
1 Babyface - Notorious Barbara Stanwyck flick where she is told by the local professor type that she has power- he tries to get her to read Nietzche- she says books ai n't never done her no good . Soon we find out her father is basically pimping her out to a local politico and others . Finally she has had enough and relocates to the big city . We follow her trail of men up the ladder of success in an international bank . The dialogue is quite saucy for it 's time and it was one the last films to come out before the self inflicted Hollywood production code . Look for a cameo by a young John Wayne as one of Stanwyck 's willing victims . Part of the Forbidden Hollywood collection - I watched the extended version- the DVD has both versions plus Red - Headed Woman and Waterloo Bridge . An interesting movie and foreshadowing for future femme fatale roles that Stanwyck would play in the era of film noir . B+
1 Very slick , very Pre - Hays Code , and still very sassy . I would highly recommend seeing this movie , even if you are not a fan of Stynwyck . She 's funny , she 's sexy , she 's hard - working - and love that perm she gets!<br /><br />Barbara Stynwyck is fantastic as a doozie of a floozy who rises up in the world , perfectly portrayed by a bank building . John Wayne ( in a suit ! ) plays one of her first conquests . < br /><br />The last three minutes are a letdown , but the sets , the lines , the clothes all add to one heck of a movie about rising vertically in the horizontal position .
1 First off , if you 're planning on watching this , make sure to watch the UNCUT version ( although it is very interesting to go back and then watch the scenes that were tampered with due to censorship ) , it makes a HUGE difference . This film is about a young woman , played by Barbara Stanwyck , who since the age of 14 has been forced into prostitution by her own father . When her father suddenly passes away , she is able to go out into the world on her own . After reading about Nietzsche 's philosophies on life , she uses her sexuality to manipulate men into giving her what she wants and leaves them in ruins and desperate for her love . Throughout the movie she becomes increasingly materialistic and manipulative and the audience begins to wonder is she has any sense of morality left at all . Overall , Baby Face is a very shocking movie with blatant scenes of sexuality that most people would not expect to see in a black and white film . While no sexual acts are explicitly shown on screen , it is very obvious what is happening off camera.<br /><br />I enjoyed watching this film very much and I believe most modern audiences will get at least some enjoyment out if it , especially with the films shock value . I did think while watching it that the pacing seemed a bit slow at parts , but I think that about most movies the first time is see them . Actually , I think that almost all movies I 've seen made from the early 30 's had some minor pacing problems or certain parts just did n't quite " flow " right . This was probably just the craft of film - making was n't quite perfected yet – it would take just a few more years . Compare a film from 1939 and compare it with an early 30 's film and I think you 'll see what I mean.<br /><br />Once again , I 'm very glad I was able to watch the original cut ; it really does make a big difference . Also any John Wayne fans will be surprised to see him in this movie before he was famous in an uncharacteristic role .
1 Escaping the life of being pimped by her father( .. and the speakeasy waitressing)who dies in an explosion , Lily Powers(Barbara Stanwyck , who is simply ravishing)sluts her way through the branches inside a bank business in big city Gotham . When a possessive lover murders who was supposed to be his next father - in - law(and Lily 's new lover ) , the sky 's the limit for Lily as she has written down her various relationships in a diary and subtlety makes it known the papers will receive it if certain pay does n't come into her hands . Newly appointed president to the bank , Courtland Trenholm(George Brent ) , sends Lily to Paris instead of forking over lots of dough , but soon finds himself madly in love after various encounters with her in the City of Love . This makes Lily 's mouth water as now she 'll have reached the pedestal of success seducing a man of wealth and prestige bring riches her way . Though , circumstances ensue which will bring her to make a decision that threatens her successful way of achieving those riches .. Trenholm , now her husband , is being indicted with jail certain and has lost the bank . He needs money Lily now has in her possession or he 'll have absolutely nothing.<br /><br />Stanwyck is the whole movie despite that usual Warner Brothers polish . Being set in the pre - code era gives the filmmakers the chance to elaborate on taboo subjects such as a woman using sex to achieve success and how that can lead to tragedy . Good direction from Alfred E Green shows through subtlety hints in different mannerisms and speech through good acting from the seductive performance of Stanwyck how to stage something without actually showing the explicit act . Obviously the film shows that money is n't everything and all that jazz as love comes into the heart of Lily 's dead heart . That ending having Lily achieve the miraculous metamorphosis into someone in love did n't ring true to me . She 's spent all this time to get to that platform only to fall for a man who was essentially no different than others she had used before him .
1 Lily Powers works at a speakeasy until her father dies . She then goes to New York to work at an office building . There she notices that if she wants to get any higher she has to give the men what they want . And what men want is her ... well , you know . Alfred E.Green 's Baby Face ( 1933 ) is a movie of high sexual content . For a movie of that era , anyway . This was one of the last Pre - Code films that were made . Barbara Stanwyck gives a very sexy performance as Lily . Other actors of this film include George Brent ( Courtland Trenholm ) , Donald Cook ( Ned Stevens ) , Alphonse Ethier ( Adolf Cragg ) , Henry Kolker ( J.P.Carter ) , Margaret Lindsay ( Ann Carter ) and Theresa Harris ( Chico).The young John Wayne is seen as Jimmy McCoy Jr . This movie deals with a brave topic and it does it good . Baby Face is historically significant movie and therefore good to watch .
1 BABY FACE is a fast paced , wise cracking , knowing smirk of a film that < br /><br />lasts only an hour and 15 minutes , but oh what a smart 75 minutes they < br /><br />are ! That a story that covers so much ground could be told in such a < br /><br />short time puts most of today 's movie makers to shame . Screenwriters of < br /><br />today should study the economy of BABY FACE and cut the bloat that < br /><br />overwhelms so many of their films . < br /><br />The story is no nonsense . An amoral woman rises to wealth first under,<br /><br />and then over the bodies of the men who fall madly in love with her.<br /><br />Sure the production code loused it up with a redeeming , happy ending,<br /><br />but it is n't hard to see in which the direction the writers wanted to < br /><br />go , so enjoy what 's there and use your imagination for the rest . Stanwyck is terrific as is George Brent and Douglass Dumbvrille as a < br /><br />hapless suitor . Not a great film but certainly an enjoyable one . If < br /><br />you've never seen BABY FACE catch it the next time it 's shown on cable < br /><br />or rent the cassette . It 's worth the effort ..
1 I enjoyed this movie a lot . I thought that the plot of the movie was realistic and relevant to anytime period in American history . There is always that woman that does what she needs to do to climb the class system . I feel that the character of Lilly was portrayed correctly and could of not been done better . What I enjoyed most was when she realized what love really was . Throughout the movie all of the men that fell for her were in love with her , had given her everything , even lost their careers for her . Until she had met Cortland , she did not understand why these men gave up everything for happiness . The way her life had ended up was far from what she expected to be possible . I 'd recommend this movie to anyone of a mature audience so you are able to understand the content and the under - laying meaning of the movie and plot .
1 This film is one of the more risqué black and white films of this time in the early 1930 's before the Hoyts Code was enforced . It 's the story of a young beautiful woman moving to New York and making her way to the top of the business by using her body as a tool to get there.<br /><br />Barbara Stanwyck plays the young and beautiful Lily Powers who indeed does a fairly well job with her performance . Lily moves to New York and makes her way up the business place by sleeping with all the men . Stanwyck does an outstanding performance as being a strong woman who uses men as one time deals , hardly any emotion towards them playing them as if they were pawns . Lily Powers is a woman who does n't have love on her mind just power and money.<br /><br />I thought this movie to be a little bit different then other films I have seen because there is hardly any background music heard . I believe it is only because this is when people were first introduced to live sound and dialogue between the people of the film . The few times the music is heard is during the beginning as we are shown how she makes her way up the chain . The filming and different scenes were something fantastic ! The director of this film did all the right angles and all the right tricks , making this film full of realism.<br /><br />This film was all together an alright movie . The ending to this movie was n't as good as it should have been , but it did n't entirely ruin it . Baby Face had its slow moving scenes throughout the movie , and perhaps a few predictable parts such as who she will sleep with next . But this is a lovable movie that can be watched more then once , and suggested to some people and friends .
1 Director Alfred Green 's melodrama " Baby Face " with Barbara Stanwyck ranks as one of the more notorious of the Pre - Code movies . These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934 . " Inspiration " scenarist Gene Markey and " Midnight Mary " scribe Kathryn Scola penned the screenplay , based on Mark Canfield 's story , about the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charms to acquire wealth and position in society . Incidentally , Mark Canfield was a pseudonym for producer Daryl F. Zanuck . These Pre - Code films today seem tame , but they aroused controversy galore and contained more racy material than most movies until the late 1950s when the Code began to erode . The themes that the filmmakers explore are women versus men , women versus women , and women versus society . Our crafty protagonist does enough skulduggery that all themes are about equal.<br /><br />Lily 's worthless father Nick Powers ( Robert Barret of " Distant Drums " ) operates an illegal speakeasy bar during Prohibition , when the Thirteen Amendment outlawed liquor , and brews his own booze in a still out back . Nick is such as an obnoxious fellow that he pimps out her beautiful , but hard - working daughter Lily ( Barbara Stanwyck of " Night Nurse " ) , but Lily refuses to help her father out with a sleazy local politician . The politician . Ed Sipple ( Arthur Hohl of " Private Detective 62 " ) vows to retaliate for Lily 's refusal to accommodate him . Later , Nick chews his rebellious daughter out . Lily reproaches him . " Yeah , I 'm a tramp and who 's to blame ? My father , a swell start you gave me , nothing but men , dirty , rotten men . And you 're lower than any of them . " No sooner has she stormed off than Nick dies when his still blows up and kills him . Lily and her African - American maid Chico ( Theresa Harris of " Arrowsmith " ) pack their bags and catch a ride of the first freight leaving town.<br /><br />No sooner have our heroines arrived in New York than Lily uses her charm to get a job in a bank . Visually , director Green shows Lily 's shrewd ascension up the ladder with camera angles that move upward until Lily 's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank . At one point , Lily breaks up a marriage between one bank officer , Ned Stevens ( Donald Cook of " The Public Enemy " ) and his fiancée , Anne Carter ( Margaret Lindsay of " Cavalcade " ) after Stevens had almost fired her for flirting with her boss , Brody ( Douglas Dumbrille of " His Women " ) in the employee restroom . Lily is extremely shrewd and manages to emerge from each debacle better off than before . The board of trustees hires Courtland Trenholm ( George Bent of " Jezebel " ) to take over as president of the bank . The first thing that Trenholm does is pay off Lily instead of letting her publish her diary entries about the higher ups at the bank . Moreover , Trenholm ships Lily off to their branch bank in Paris where Lily does n't create any commotion until Trenholm arrives and they become romantically attached . Lily fights tooth and nail for everything that she has gotten and hates to throw it all away , but she sacrifices everything at the end for her husband.<br /><br />Ironically , Lily winds up back in the same town that she started out in , but Trenholm and she are happy now . " Baby Face " qualifies as one of the five best Pre - Code movies . Look for John Wayne dressed up in a suit and tie in one scene .
1 Infamous pre - code film , really the one film that caused people to insist on the Hayes Code being strictly enforced . Barbara Stanwyck stars as a young girl whose liquor - selling father has no problem pimping her out to customers . When he dies in an accident , she 's released out into the world with the knowledge that her nubile body can get her whatever she wants . She goes to New York and proceeds to climb the corporate ladder , one bed at a time . Although obviously there 's no actual sex shown , the film is quite sleazy . Unfortunately , after the initial shock value fades ( around the time Stanwyck screws a rail car inspector so she can travel for free ) , the film becomes a tad repetitive and dull . Stanwyck herself is the only thing that keeps the film worth sitting through . As always , she 's fantastic .
1 This is one of the most daring and important of the so - called " Pre - Code " films made in Hollywood during the 1930s . Unlike some Pre - Code films that occasionally dabbled in subjects that would have never been allowed after 1934 - 5 , this film fully immersed itself in a very sordid yet entertaining plot from start to finish . The conventional morality of the late 30s and 40s was definitely NOT evident in this film , as the film is essentially about a conniving woman who sleeps her way to the top -- and with no apologies along the way . This " broad " both enjoyed sex and used it on every man who could help her get rich -- something you just never would have seen in films made just two or three years later.<br /><br />The film begins with Barbara Stanwyck working in her father 's speakeasy . In addition to being her boss , he is also her pimp and encourages her to sleep with a local government official so that he 'll allow the illegal bar to operate with impunity . While not especially clear here , it appears as if Daddy has been " renting " his daughter 's body out for a long time.<br /><br />However , after nearly being raped and attacking this man by breaking a bottle of beer over his skull , Barbara has had enough and heads to the big city . It does n't hurt that the still blew up and killed her father , but her feeling that she was whoring herself out and had nothing to show for it appeared to be the impetus to move.<br /><br />Despite the Depression , Barbara uses sex to get a job at a huge mega - bank . She starts out at a pretty menial job as a file clerk , but in the space of what seems like just a few weeks , she sleeps her way from one job to another to yet another -- until she is sleeping with the head of the bank and his future son - in - law ! ! ! This all ends in tragedy , but Babs does n't seem too shook up over the deaths of these two men . In fact , some time later , she is able to insinuate herself into the life of the NEW CEO and once again she 's on top ( perhaps in more way than one).<br /><br />Now so far , this is a wonderful movie because it was so gritty and unrepentant . Barbara played a 100 % sociopath -- a woman with no morality and no conscience -- just a desire to squeeze as much out of life as she could no matter who she hurt in the process . However , the brave writers and producer " chickened out " and thought it important to tack on a redemptive ending . Considering that this woman was so evil and conniving , her change of heart at the end was a major disappointment and strongly detracted from the film . In many ways , this reminded me of the ending of JEZEBEL -- as once again , a wicked person somehow " sees the light " and changes at the not - too - convincing conclusion.<br /><br />My advice is to try watching RED - HEADED WOMAN and DOWNSTAIRS . RED - HEADED WOMAN is much like BABY FACE but features no magical transformation at the end -- the leading lady really is a skunk down deep ! In DOWNSTAIRS , a film very much like RED - HEADED WOMAN , the roles are reversed and a man ( John Gilbert ) plays a similar conniving character . Both are classics and a bit better than this film.<br /><br />This film is an amazing curio of a brief period of often ultra - sleazy Hollywood films and in this light it 's well worth seeing for Cinephiles . Also , fans of The Duke take note -- John Wayne plays a very small part in the film and it 's very unusual to see a very young Wayne playing such a conventional role .
1 In ten words or less to describe this film , Barbara Stanwyck is too appealing and it is great ! The film is wonderful , except for the perhaps tacked - on ending , but I love happy endings anyway . Barbara Stanwyck , however , as the platinum - blonde gold - digger is amazing . She knows what she wants and goes after it ! This film is sexy and excellent !
1 A pre - code stunner with Stanwyck playing a speakeasy whore who sleeps her way to the top . These pre - code flicks really let it all go with nothing left to the imagination . Stanwyck is outstanding as Lilly the daughter of a speakeasy owner / father who sold more than booze to his patrons(johns).After the old man dies(good ! ) Barb heads for the big city for better things . She uses her female attributes to sleep her way to the top . John Wayne makes a poor " cameo " and proves that actors get better with age and an acting coach . I loved the banter and strong lines between the actors . I highly recommend this film to all film buffs and to watch Stanwyck who is great and beautiful as Lilly .
1 I 'd love to give this movie a 10/10 , but in its existing state I can only go to 8/10 tops . The post - Code editing ( read : destroying ) of this film warrants a 2-point demerit.<br /><br />From my very limited knowledge of film history , Baby Face was apparently one of two movies that finally broke the camel 's back and brought the full wrath and enforcement of the Production Code into play in 1934 . ( I do n't know what the other movie was . ) As a result , the movie in its original incarnation was never allowed to be re - released after 1934 . It was chopped and edited to bits , and no original version is known to exist today . The best that we can see today is the version that TCM ( Turner Classic Movies ) shows , but that is blatantly edited in several scenes , and has a really disappointing " happy ending " slapped onto the end.<br /><br />All the above being said , the movie is still pretty darned great and lots of fun to watch . Barbara Stanwyck is , as always , absolutely amazing and wonderful . She is so beautiful and powerful ; she just owns the whole movie ! She plays a woman who 's been used by men her entire life , starting with her father who pimps her out to the local Erie , PA steel workers as well as to local politicians in a quid pro quo of ' if you do n't shut down my speakeasy I 'll let you sleep with my daughter ' . When the father dies in a fiery explosion near the beginning of the flick , the smile on Stanwyck 's face is priceless.<br /><br />After the fire , Stanwyck leaves Erie with her maid and heads to New York City . She sets her sights on a skyscraper and starts literally working her way to the top . Starting out with the personnel clerk in the HR department , she sleeps with him to get an entry level position at the bank . From there , she sleeps with man after man after man ( including a very young John Wayne ) using each new man to help her land a higher paying job on a higher floor of the skyscraper , with increasingly powerful male bosses cum sugar daddies . Stanwyck stops at nothing in her rise to the top . It is great fun to see her and her maid in increasingly fancier clothes and apartments as Stanwyck works her way up the corporate ladder . Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale , manipulating , she - vixen in this flick ! If you watch this movie , I recommend stopping when you see the George Brent character ( Courtland Trenholm ) die in Stanwyck 's arms . Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so ! The " happy ending " slapped on to the end of the movie for post - Code audiences is insulting to the audience 's intelligence and lame beyond belief : the bank board members are sitting around a table expositing about Mr. and Mrs. Trenholm 's million dollar donation to the bank and how they are living happily but poor in Erie , with former VP Trenholm now working in the steel mills - cut to the exact same footage of a steel plant that we saw in the beginning of the movie - " The End " . PUH - LEEZE - HOW LAME ! The movie originally ended with George Brent succeeding in his suicide attempt . I think that ending fits the overall mood of the movie much better than the slapped on post - Code ending.<br /><br />I certainly hope that a print of the original pre - Code version of this flick is discovered during my lifetime ( update : the original HAS been found and should be out on DVD and/or TCM in 2006 ! ) . Until then , I 'll enjoy the TCM version and switch it off before the lame - o post - Code ending .
1 Barbara Stanwyck plays Lily Powers . She 's a waitress for her father 's speakeasy in a little crummy mining town . He also sells her to men . She escapes to New York and literally sleeps her way to the top.<br /><br />Originally I had only seen the 71 minute version but it 's pretty extreme -- for its time . Nowadays it 's pretty tame . The movie moves very quickly and has tons of sexual innuendo -- some of it comes off as pretty silly ( but fun ) today . It moves so quickly you can easily ignore that most of it could never happen -- even in 1933 . There 's nothing classic or monumental about this -- it 's just a quick , gleefully dirty little film that 's lots of fun . It only falls apart at the end with a little " moral " ending that the censors demanded . It comes across as unbelievable and stupid ( I saw it in a theatre and the audience laughed at it -- one guy quite rightfully said " No way " ) I just saw the uncut 75 minute version which has a different , somewhat tragic and MUCH better ending . This version was thought to be lost until 2004 when it was discovered by mistake ! I believe this is the only one in release -- but be aware . < br /><br />The acting is good -- Stanwyck jumps into her role and plays it WAY over the top . She makes you believe that she enjoys being cruel and sleeping around . There are also strong supporting performances from handsome Donald Cook and George Brent . Also look for a pre - stardom John Wayne in a hilarious bit as a meek and mild office worker ! Fun , dirty and fast . I give this a 9 .
1 Did you know , that Anthony Kiedis , ( singer from the Red Hot Chili Peppers ) father is in this movie . Blackie Dammit , is Anthony 's father . I noticed this after reading " Scar Tissue " Anthony 's autobiography , and saw a picture of his father . I thought , " well , that guy kinda looks like that guy from that movie I saw in the eighties . Then I read more and it said his father was an actor that had a few small roles . After checking this site , and comparing with a search on the net , I realized it really is his father in the movie . It 's funny , because nowhere in the book does it mention him being in this movie . Perhaps his son was ashamed of his father 's acting job in this flick , but he need not be . I think his father , Blackie , did a great job in the show .
1 This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time . Miriam Flynn is excellent as Bunny Packard . Zane Buzby as Delores is comic genius . The rest of the cast is amazing , and the film is really really funny . A definite satire of horror films , with a zany twist . If you enjoy a fun , comedy filled evening , then go and rent this classic . You 'll laugh all the way through !
1 Personal taste rules when it comes to talking about movies such as this treasured little gem . Way back in the eighties , the early eighties , i discovered this movie , like so many released at the time , " Night Patrol " " Bad Manners " or even " King Frat " the artwork and blurbs on the back of the covers tempted and teased you.<br /><br />Of course being of an age , movies like that i have already mentioned as well as stuff like " Screwballs " and the many others , captured the imagination , and thankfully many years later i still remember some with fondness and some with disdain the many movies that help maintain my love of such genre as parodies or pastiches.<br /><br />Made many years after the huge success of " Animal House " and having seen how it had fared down through the years , I now know that there would be no way this movie would ever eclipse the box office bucks obtain aforementioned nor would it linger in the memory , much like that of National Lampoon 's Vacation.<br /><br />To be honest , not everything that has carried the National Lampoon Logo has been a wild success , however to me Class Reunion remains one of my all time favourite movies , with instantly recognisable characters , such as the aloof Bob Spinnaker played to perfection by Gerrit Graham , so good in Charles Band 's " Terrorvision " still lingering in the past glories of his youth . Or how about Stephen Furst 's brash and ballsy turn as the high school lazy drunken sex crazed bum Hubert Downs.<br /><br />Sweet as . Which makes me ponder . As i already said , personal taste not withstanding . People can be so cruel , so it will never win any awards or be compared to the like of its 's peers within the comedy world . It does have some merit . Being one of the earlier scripts penned by John Hughes , who would later go on to do one of my own favourites of his work " Weird Science " as well as having a wonderful theme title sung by the great Gary U.S Bonds.<br /><br />What more can i say , it 's a movie just waiting to be rediscovered , time and time again .
1 National Lampoon 's Class Reunion is a classic comedy film from the early 80 's which combines unique characters , lots of laughs , and some great music from Chuck Berry . When Walter Bailor is absolutely humiliated by his classmates at their high school graduation he seizes the opportunity to get his revenge at his class reunion . One by one he stalks his classmates who include an innocent blind girl , a horny fat guy , the high school beauty , the king of all preps and even the ugly old lunch lady who served up slops to all the kids during highschool . This film has a sort of scary element in it and it has a few brief scenes of sexuality so I would n't recommend it for young children but it 's a great movie for teens . If you are looking for a movie with a beautiful score , complex characters or killer special effects you might not love Class Reunion . If you want to sit down for 90 minutes and have some great laughs and a lot of fun ( and who does n't ) then this movie should be on your movies to see list . + +
1 I first saw this film around ten years ago and I thought it was very funny indeed . It was not as bad as some critics were making it out to be . The fact that it was written by the usually dependable John Hughes shows that you can at least expect some funny dialogue . ( By the way , I also think Weird Science is quite good which was also penned in lightning speed by Hughes).<br /><br />The film has a very garish look to it using all the primary colours - reds , yellows etc - which makes it look quite unique . The cast are also quite good . The prudish Bunny Packard and the devil - possessed Delores Salk are a stand out.<br /><br />The film has certainly dated a little but I personally prefer it to all the other ' Lampoon ' series .
1 Class Reunion is a very underated comedy gem . It 's 1982 and the 1972 class of Lizzie Borden High return for there 10 year reunion , among them are the usual stereotypes , the hunk , babe , the fat guy & nerd etc , but the former students are in for a bumpy night , one of their classmates is Walter Baloer , the class wimp who was subject to a comedy prank by the rest of the class on graduation night and since then has been in a mental home , Walter escapes and now plans to avenge his humiliation,,,,<br /><br />Despite the dark premise , this is really just an excuse for lots of very funny gags & set pieces . To say too much more would spoil the film but if you enjoyed the Naked Gun & Airplane movies you 'll love this , & what other film offers a music cameo by Chuck Berry ? . A great comedy which deserves a wider audience .
1 For what it is , this is a pretty good movie . I like both Johns -Stamos ( " Full House " ) & Stockwell ( " Christine " , " Top Gun " ) . They both give strong performances . The love interest is OK , but this is more of a guy 's movie than a good date movie . I love Harleys , and I hated seeing them paint over the " 14 coats of hand - rubbed lacquer " with good old Army Olive Drab . There is a small history lesson here in that Harley - Davidson motorcycles played a key role in WWII . I do n't know if the training was quite like this bunches ! The movie kept my interest all the way through without getting slow anywhere , with good riding action sequences . I love looking at the demographics of the vote history - one 18 year - old man gave the movie a 10 ( true bike lover , I guess ) . I would n't give it a 10 , but I did give it an 8 . I do not weigh every movie with the same scale . There are movies that were big - budget , with great actors , that you expect to be good so when they fail they fail big . ( Star Wars - Episode I is my best example ) I loved the first three SW movies , but I thought Episode I was weak in comparison . So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie . I expect more from George Lucas .
1 This is a great movie . In the same genre of the " Memphis Belle " . Seen it about 10 years ago . And would like to see it again . There is a link with the history of the hells angels ! ! How the pilot crew fight the Germans in WO2 . And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs . The movie is in a way really happened . See the movie ! And reed the history of the hells angels at hells at hells angels.com Regards Frederik.<br /><br />Cast & Crew : John Stamos , John Stockwell , Teri Polo , Kris Kamm , directed by Graham Baker more » Synopsis : The story of a rowdy backwoods rebel biker who joins the Army to avoid a stiff prison sentence after a minor brush with the law . Though he chafes at Army discipline , he soon proves himself under fire as a daring and charismatic leader of men in a Motorcycle Scout Troop in pr - World War II Spain . more » MPAA Rating : PG Runtime : 88 minutes
1 Anyone with a young boy in the house who wo n't watch black & white movies should put this on their television set . When the child walks by , wondering what all the on screen shouting and shooting 's about , tell him this is a picture for adults and that he is n't big enough to watch it yet . That 'll hold him there for a few minutes ; director George Stevens and his team will keep him to the end.<br /><br />I think my father did that to me , anyway , and I 'm the better man for it . This classic adventure yarn , set in India during the British occupation , features a trio of Army sergeants who find their tight union facing dissolution as one prepares to marry his sweetheart . Help arrives in the form of a vicious Thuggie revolt that the soldiers find themselves united against.<br /><br />"Gunga Din " was one of the great movies to come out of Hollywood 's finest year , 1939 . Even more than most great movies from that Golden year , it is entertaining in a very immediate and accessible way . The theme music is instant hummable nirvana . While shot in California , the camera work ( the only thing in " Gunga Din " that got so much as an Oscar nomination ) has a windblown grandeur that feels very much like the Raj of a hundred years before . The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic manner , not too violent but very messy as people fall and shoot and run in all corners of each frame in a way that feels real , not staged like some Cecil B. DeMille Biblical slaughter fest.<br /><br />The script does n't just set up action scenes , it also develops the relationship of the three sergeants with great dollops of humor . The main focus is on Sgt . Cutter , chasing after tall tales of golden treasures . It 's a rare actioner for Cary Grant , and his lightness is just right for a film that never takes itself seriously even as it develops taut suspense.<br /><br />Anchoring the trio is Sgt . MacChesney ( Victor McLaglen ) , who dotes over his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own hare - brained schemes . He 's just as funny in his own way , leaving Sgt . Ballantine ( Douglas Fairbanks Jr. , displaying some nice Errol Flynnish dash ) as the one with the love interest and grounding enough to know he needs to chuck his boyish pals and grow up.<br /><br />If " Gunga Din " was a Lifetime movie , it would be about Joan Fontaine 's efforts to save her man from his two loser friends and their skull crushing hijinks . But since it 's a guys ' film , the accent here is on how the threesome must stay together and save Ballantine from a fate worse than death , not only marriage , but as Cutter indignantly exclaims several times , the tea business , too.<br /><br />The political correctness police are hard on this film , not so much for the gender issue but the idea of British soldiers saving poor Indians from the vicious Thuggies . It reeks of colonial apologia . Thankfully , this film was made back when , and the producers thus felt no need to spell out the obvious liberalism at the heart of the film , that these three sergeants , so full of derring - do and false racial pride , have to be saved along with the rest of their army by a humble bhisti that only one of the three had any time for when he sought their approval . After all , for all their swashbuckling glory , the film 's true sacrifice involves the title character , played so heart - wrenchingly by Sam Jaffe.<br /><br />Back when this film was made , movie mogul Jack Warner had a saying : You want to send a message , use Western Union . Still , it seems like the messages were flying fast and furious in " Gunga Din . " I watch the film now and wonder if audiences back then were meant to wonder what Gunga Din was really up to when he led Cutter to the golden temple . Was he really plotting revenge against his British overlords ? Would he have been justified in doing so , especially given MacChesney 's cold treatment of him ? When Col . Weed delivers that eulogy , the poem by Rudyard Kipling on which the film is loosely based , was it with a nod in the direction of imperialism 's folly , of lording it over someone who proved " a better man than I am " in the end ? What did they make of the Guru 's great speech , delivered in perfect clipped English : " You have sworn an oath as soldiers to maybe die for a faith , which is your country , England . Well , I can die for my country and my faith as readily as you ... India , farewell." < br /><br />Of course , the same character also instructs his brutal followers : " Kill for the love of killing ! Kill for the love of Kali ! Kill ! Kill ! Kill ! " Which means we are allowed to hate him and root for the British , and save the questions about what it all means for later.<br /><br />What " Gunga Din " means to me , most of all , is the quickest , surest 90-minute thrill ride on video . Cutter never found his golden temple , but there 's one for all of us watching " Gunga Din . "
1 A trio of buddies , sergeants all in the British Army , carouse & brawl their way across Imperial India . Intensely loyal to each other , they meet their greatest & most deadly challenge when they encounter the resurgence of a hideous cult & its demented , implacable guru . Now they must rely on the lowliest servant of the regiment , the water carrier GUNGA DIN , to save scores of the Queen 's soldiers from certain massacre.<br /><br />Based more on The Three Musketeers than Kipling 's classic poem , this is a wonderful adventure epic - a worthy entry in Hollywood 's Golden Year of 1939 . Filled with suspense & humor , while keeping the romantic interludes to the barest minimum , it grips the interest of the viewer and holds it right up to the ( sentimental ) conclusion.<br /><br />It is practically fruitless to discuss the performance nuances of the three stars , Cary Grant , Victor McLaglen & Douglas Fairbanks Jr. , as they are really all thirds of a single organism - inseparable and , to all intents & purposes , indistinguishable . However , this diminishes nothing of the great fun in simply watching them have a glorious time.<br /><br />(It 's interesting to note , parenthetically , that McLaglen boasted of a distinguished World War One military career ; Fairbanks would have a sterling record in World War Two - mostly in clandestine affairs & earning himself no fewer than 4 honorary knighthoods after the conflict ; while Grant reportedly worked undercover for British Intelligence , keeping an eye on Hollywood Nazi sympathizers.)<br /><br />The real acting laurels here should go to Sam Jaffe , heartbreaking in the title role . He infuses the humble man with radiant dignity & enormous courage , making the last line of Kipling 's poem ring true . He is unforgettable.<br /><br />Montague Love is properly stalwart as the regimental major , whilst Eduardo Ciannelli is Evil Incarnate as the Thuggee guru . The rest of the cast , Joan Fontaine , Robert Coote , Lumsden Hare , are effective but have little to do . Movie mavens will recognize Cecil Kellaway in the tiny role of Miss Fontaine 's father.<br /><br />The film picks its villains well . The demonic Thuggee cult , worshipers of the hideous , blood - soaked Kali , Hindu goddess of destruction , was the bane of Indian life for 6 centuries , ritualistically strangling up to 30,000 victims a year . In 1840 the British military , in cooperation with a number of princely states , succeeded in ultimately suppressing the religion . Henceforth it would remain the stuff of novels & nightmares .
1 Obviously a film that has had great influence not only on the buddy genre but action genre as well . George Lucas had to be a fan of this flick as so much of his Star Wars series seems to a homage to Gunga Din . The characters that Grant , McLaglen , and Fairbanks play are just precursors of Han Solo , Luke Skywalker , and Chewbacca . Even Sam Jaffe 's Gunga Din morphed into C-3PO and R2-D2 and like him or not : Jar Jar Binks.<br /><br />Today this film is viewed as non PC but there is a speech by Eduardo Ciannelli as Guru the leader of the Indian opposition to the British raj that could can be echoed in the sentiments of many today . < br /><br />To a young boy this was a great film . Three strong male leads and only a hint of romance . There was a time when young boys deemed kissing the girl in Saturday matinee film was just mush . Not like today when the more skin is greeted with delight . Too late to lament lost innocence.<br /><br />Hopefully this film will not be forgotten and a few who are channel surfing will stop at TCM and catch a film with action , adventure , and a cast of thousands instead of CGI actors .
1 A rousing adventure form director George Stevens ( before he would turn to more serious fare such as 1948 's I REMEMBER MAMA and 1956 's GIANT ) that set the standard for all future action yarns to follow . Loosely based on Rudyard Kipling 's poem of the same , GUNGA DIN follows the journey of three military officers in 19th century India . The noble trio must brave a series of battles and other various dangers including a thuggee cult and a temple full of gold . Their screen adventures remain thrilling even after more than six decades , and have lent inspiration to nearly everything from the cliffhanger - inspired space opera STAR WARS ( 1977 ) to the similarly - plotted RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC ( 1981).<br /><br />The biggest reason for the picture 's success , however , is the pitch - perfect performances by the film 's trio of extremely charismatic actors . Victor McLaglen has rarely been better as the strapping tough guy , Cary Grant is the ultimate comic foil , and Douglas Fairbanks , Jr is as suave a swashbuckling hero as imaginable - perhaps even more so than rival Errol Flynn . The chemistry between the three actors simply could not be improved upon , and such warm and believable comradely is precisely what 's missing from most modern action pictures - and they receive tremendous support from the marvelous Sam Jaffe , who overcomes the obvious physical miscasting and makes the title character a beacon of humane sweetness and quiet strength . A huge hit in its day ( the film was reportedly the second - biggest money maker of 1939 behind the outrageously successful GONE WITH THE WIND ) , and it remains arguably the best film of its kind .
1 Pandro S. Berman was " In Charge of Production " but that made him the so - called Line Producer . But who produced this epic , filmed not in Arizona but in California 's Mohave Desert where scavengers have made off with all of the remnants of the " gold temple " , the Thuggee huts , the British outpost at Muri , the village of Tantrapur , etc . The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven . What 's unforgivable is the lack of an Oscar for best music , although maybe the Academy did n't offer such at the time . A single theme was played in various tempos including waltz , march and sweet , mood - setting . Brilliant ! One of the curious aspects of the production was the widow Kipling 's demands . An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes . In the initial release his scenes were cut , per Mrs. Kipling 's demands . Later they were included and lent a " connection " of Kipling 's immortal poem to Ben Hecht 's screenplay . Interestingly , this very typically and pro - British story was by a great screenwriter who himself hated the British .
1 For years I thought this knockabout service comedy was a product of John Ford , especially with Victor McLaglen as one of the leads . It certainly has the same rough house humor that Ford laces his films with . < br /><br />To my surprise I learned it was George Stevens who actually directed it . Still I refuse to believe that this film was n't offered to John Ford , but he was probably off in Monument Valley making Stagecoach.<br /><br />Victor McLaglen along with Cary Grant and Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. , play three sergeants in the Indian Army who have a nice buddy / buddy / buddy camaraderie going . But the old gang is breaking up because Fairbanks is engaged to marry Joan Fontaine . Not if his two pals can help it , aided and abetted by regimental beastie Gunga Din as played by Sam Jaffe.<br /><br />The Rudyard Kipling poem served as the inspiration for this RKO film about barracks life in the British Raj . The comic playing of the leads is so good that it does overshadow the incredibly racist message of the film . Not that the makers were racist , but this was the assumption of the British there at the time , including our leads and Gunga Din shows this most effectively.<br /><br />The British took India by increments , making deals here and there with local rulers under a weak Mogul emperor who was done away with in the middle of the 19th century . They ruled very little of India outright , that would have been impossible . Their rule depended on the native troops you see here . Note that the soldiers can not rise above the rank of corporal and Gunga Din is considerably lower in status than that.<br /><br />Note here that the rebels in fact are Hindu , not Moslem . There are as many strains of that religion as there are Christian sects and this strangling cult was quite real . Of course to those being strangled they might not have the same view of them as liberators . But until India organized its independence movement , until the Congress Party came into being , these people were the voice of a free India.<br /><br />But however you slice it , strangling people is n't a nice thing to do and the British had their point here also . When I watch Gunga Din , I think of Star Trek and the reason the prime directive came into being.<br /><br />Cary Grant got to play his real cockney self here instead of the urbane Cary we 're used to seeing . Fairbanks and McLaglen do very well with roles completely suited to their personalities.<br /><br />Best acting role in the film however is Eduard Ciannelli as the guru , the head of the strangler cult . Note the fire and passion in his performance , he blows everyone else off the screen when he 's on.<br /><br />Favorite scene in Gunga Din is Ciannelli exhorting his troops in their mountain temple . Note how Stevens progressively darkens the background around Ciannelli until all you see are eyes and teeth like a ghoulish Halloween mask . Haunting , frightening and very effective.<br /><br />It was right after the action of this film in the late nineteenth century that more and more of the British public started to question the underlying assumptions justifying the Raj . But that 's the subject of Gandhi.<br /><br />Gunga Din is still a great film , entertaining and funny . It should be shown with A Passage to India and Gandhi and you can chart how the Indian independence movement evolved .
1 I saw this picture in 1940 for $ .11 and I would like to secure a DVD in 2006 The film was the greatest adventure of the time and , like all epics , is still an entertainment marvel ( B&W and all)You get a sense of real bonded friendship in the chemistry between the actors and the performances of Sam Jaffe & Eduardo Cianelli are outstanding ( This could not be done today I particularly liked the ending where the colonel recites the end of Kipling 's poem over the body of Gunga Din and tells the " Untouchable " " You 're a better man than I am Gunga Din"They do n't make movies of this character today . The only cast member that is still alive today is Joan Fontaine
1 The film was shot at Movie Flats , just off route 395 , near Lone Pine , California , north of the road to Whitney Portals . You can still find splashes of cement and iron joists plastered across the rocks where the sets were built . And you 'll recognize the area from any Randolph Scott movie.<br /><br />I wo n't bother with the plot , since I 'm sure it 's covered elsewhere . The movie stars three athletes -- Fairbanks fils , who must have learned a good deal from his Dad -- Grant , an acrobat in his youth -- and MacLaughlin , a professional boxer from South Africa . Their physical skills are all on display.<br /><br />Not a moment of this movie is to be taken seriously . It 's about Thugees , a sect in India , whence our English word " thug . " I ca n't go through all the felicities of this movie but probably ought to point out that the director , George Stevens , was a polymath with a background in Laurel and Hardy movies -- see his choreography of the fight scenes -- and went on to the infinitely long dissolves of Shane and The Diary of Anne Frank . Dynasties rose and fell . Geological epochs came and went , while Liz Taylor and Monty Clift kissed in " A Place in the Sun . " Here , in his comic mode , he excels.<br /><br />This is a story of male bonding and it would be easy -- too easy -- to read homoeroticism into it , as many people do with Howard Hawks . Or hatred of women . But it is n't that at all . Sometimes things portrayed on screen do n't deserve too much in the way of heuristic attention . Men WILL form bonds by working together in a way that women do not . ( Women share secrets . ) Read Deborah Tannen , nobody 's idea of an anti - feminist . Well , when you think about it , that 's what evolution should have produced . For most of human history -- about nine tenths of it -- hominids have been hunters and gatherers , and the men tend to hunt and the women to gather . Hunting is more effective as a team enterprise . Men who were not very good at bonding were Darwinianed out , leaving men who have a lot of team spirit . And Grant , Fairbanks , and MacLaughlin have got it in spades.<br /><br />Sorry to ramble on about evolution but I 'm an anthropologist and it is an occupational disease . Did I ever tell you about the horse in Vaitongi , Samoa , that slipped on the cement and fell in the bathtub with me ? You 've got to watch the hooves.<br /><br />Joan Fontaine is lovely , really . Only got to know her in her later years and wondered why she was in so many movies . I lived in Saratoga , California , where her sister , Olivia DeHavilland , grew up and went to a convent school . Pretty place.<br /><br />If you miss this adventurous lively farraginous chronicle of the British Empahh at its height , you should never forgive yourself . It 's so famous that it 's parodied in the Peter Sellers movie , " The Party . " Yes -- the colonel 's got to know .
1 This movie is one of my all time favorites . Cary Grant , Victor McLaglen , and Douglas Fairbanks Jr ... what a cast . Not to mention Sam Jaffe as Gunga Din . Drama , action , adventure and comedy all rolled up into one . The final battle scene still to this day gives me chills and the ending always leaves me in tears . If you have n't seen it , I 'd strongly recommend it .
1 .... Rather well done , actually -- attack the evil villains in their lair , stop a Little Big Horn style ambush , save the day via the waterboys ' bugling , works for me . Stiff Upper British lip and all that.<br /><br />So how does it play on a DVD 66 years later ? Struck me as being like a Western , subbing Apaches or Sioux for the Thugs , and the US Cavalry for the Imperial British Army . It 's very Colonial in it 's outlook , you know ? White Man 's burden and all that ? Kipling certainly would have approved.<br /><br />Cary Grant , Fairbanks and MacLaglen play it as broadly as possible , putting some buddy buddy slapstick into the mix between the shootings and brawlings for good measure . ( I had no idea it was Joan Fontaine as the token army wife -- did they leave some of her scenes on the cutting room floor ? very short- ) None of them were aiming for an Oscar here -- in fact Grant was not at his best in a few scenes -- but sod it , it still works . And where else would Ben Casey wind up as an Indian bugler ? Only in Hollywood.<br /><br />Def . check this out if you like adventure and pseudo - Western style antics . It was done by a bunch of pros , well I might add.<br /><br / > * * * outta * * * *
1 I have seen this movie many times and each time i watch it i ca n't help but be entertained by it . Gunga Din is one of those Classic movies made in Hollywoods Golden Years when the actors themselves had to draw the audience into a movie without relying on fantastic special effects and man made " monsters " to carry a scene . The onscreen charisma and comraderie demonstrated by Cary Grant , Victor McLaglen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. is suberb and very entertaining to watch . The tongue and cheek attitude in which the three actors play their roles works beutifully and flawlessly . Some might consider it " corny " but i consider it " classic " filmaking and acting at its best . One must remember when watching this film that Europe was involved in a War with Germany and audiences went to the movies to escape from the horrors of war and to be entertained and taken away to a place where people were larger than life and did heroic deeds and good would always conquer over evil . Gunga Din accomplishes this perfectly by letting the audience laugh at and with the actors during their harrowing escapades . In short , its a classic film that does nt take itself too seriously and does nt want the audience to either .
1 Of all the British imperialist movies like Four Feathers , Charge of the Light Brigade for example , this movie stands out as the cream of the crop . It reflects a time when " the sun never set on the British Empire . " Get over it . I wo n't go into why because so many others have expressed the many reasons that makes this film great . I have visited the Alabama Hills and have photographed the pass through which the British marched and it remains as it was , unchanged by time and encroachment by man and vandals . And even though I know it 's coming , seeing Din lying dead on a stretcher and when these lines are read < br /><br />"Yes , Din ! Din ! Din!<br /><br />You Lazarushian - leather Gunga Din!<br /><br />Though I 've belted you and flayed you,<br /><br />By the livin ' Gawd that made you,<br /><br />You're a better man than I am , Gunga Din " < br /><br />I still , at 54 years of age , get misty eyed and anyone who says they do n't is a liar . The range of emotions within it is the mark of a great movie . Like the ending of another great film , Of Mice and Men .
1 I did not know for some time in my youth all that could in general be known about this film however the ways of making a film was not what in fact drew my attention , what made this motion picture one the most liked films even to this very day that I have ever seen was of the Heroism , bravery and the Honor to have served in Her Majestys Service . This film is not always what it seems and that is perhaps as it should be , however I ca nt say enough for the courage exhibited by Sgt . Cutter in defense of The Uniform that he too would of sacrificed his life to save from peril of the sort that they and the troop were threatened with the emergence of this thugee group.<br /><br />To be certain Sgt . Cutter is the kind of individual you might suggest something about and then you watch this unequivocal belief not only in each other but in her Majesty the Queen of England . I think for all of his lust for money and the such that that character was great . A reckless brave courageous soldier who did not know fear . I think Grant was excellent in this role , truly a very capable rendering made compelling by the uniform that he wore . I never felt Ballantine was a shoe - in , in fact there was so much confidence in there assumptions that you might be well not to look to close because it is still only a picture . What do I mean?This picture is still only a motion picture and like the times in which these events take place as well as when the picture was actually made provide a look at how things were done then and what or why there are so many different opinions as to this motion picture will distract your attention . Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal in there dedication with both men from time to time providing a unflinching daring as to there jobs as men in the service of Her Majesty . These three seem to bring things off rather well and I believe it is a useful , even enjoyable interlude when Ballantine has a date with destiny or so it would seem only to have fate as you would have it intervene . Is it Believable?I do n't know . I think it is very fitting when the company having escaped the clutches of death in Tantrapur and they are dragging there tails as they are approaching the main gates to the Regiments Post when Ballantine allows the other two to know that he is leaving the service , and getting married and going into the tea business . MaChesney says he could sign up for another 9 years . It will make a man out of him . I like that sentiment.<br /><br />I do n't think there is any doubt as to just what it means to have brave dependable courageous soldiers representing your very best interests . Where does this end , in fact it may never end . Those interests are so well placed as to what is important in this world that I enjoy this picture today as much as perhaps I enjoyed the picture when I was ten years old . I had never known about the truthfulness of this film up to recently when I went into history and found the information about Kali . There is quite a good deal to learn however once all is said and done about the historical significance of the Goddess of Kali , this motion picture takes on a quality that I refer to as intelligence . This is a very honest attempt to convey a belief in what is being attempted . I think this is an excellent film . George Stevens directed.<br /><br />There is a few items to be aware of I do n't think all the information will jive with history however when the Journalist is addressed as Mr . Kipling things can get very emotional because all the rest are characters but this is Rudyard Kipling?George Stevens went over the top to convey a time and a time before when these events actually occurred . The information is honest , compelling and it will not only draw you in but you will need to understand about why we so love Gunga Din . There is in the distance the Black Watch is out in front and they are approaching a most certain peril and possible defeat unless the troop can be warned . Sgt . Cutter is seriously wounded and Ballantine as well as MaChesney are restrained . Din having a deep wound at the base of his back as the result of a bayonet thrust deeply into his body from behind is up to the demand of having to warn the Colonel of impending peril . With a effort worthy of our most sincerest desires in this life time Din slowly climbs and manages to scale the steeple which rests as the top of the tuggee temple . The sound of Gunga Dins horn allows the approaching army to be forewarned . A very large scale battle ensues and the enemy is nullified . It is so Dramatic and tense filled position that as Gunga Din lay Dead on a pile of rocks which his bullet riddled body now shows , Sgt . Cutter says good work soldier . I do n't know of any more dramatic moment nor one where we learn what sacrifice means then when the troop is forewarned of the impending peril.<br /><br />The end is far from being anti - climatic , it is the telling of who Gunga Din is and what he means now to the honored men in uniform for whom he willing sacrificed . Ballantine knows his heart and asks the Colonel to take care of his enlistment papers and this makes MaChesney quite pleased with the Colonel being honest places the enlistment papers in his pocket to be dealt with at perhaps at a more appropriate time . The Colonel says at the place where now all are gathered that we have all done enough soldiering for one long day and further comments on how pleased there efforts were in defense . MaChesney says he would rather here that from the colonel than get a bloomin medal . This is a very sober point and then he comes to Din . Now here is a man who has no actually status so I am going to appoint him a corporal and his name shall be written on the rolls of our honored dead . The poem is read as though it was just penned by Kipling himself who stands by the gravesite with the colonel and the rest of the men . Gunga Din Bravo !
1 My favorite " Imperialism " movie and one of the best action - adventure flicks of all time . Grant , McLaglen and Fairbanks dominate the screen with daring - do and wise cracks to please all but the most " PC " of film goers . Memorable scenes abound -- the 3 sergeants and their 20 sepoys fighting off hundreds of Thugs ; MacChesney & Cutter giving Bobby Coote the spiked punch ( " save some for the elephant " ) ; Cutter to MacChesney -- " I 'm an expedition " ; Din breaking Cutter out of jail , with a fork ( " what do you think I 'm trying to break out of ? A bleedin ' pudding ? ! ) And the incredible temple scene with Cutter singing and then annoucing , bold as brass -- " All right , you 're all under arrest!" < br /><br />I could go on , but suffice it to say I try to catch this film whenever it is on . For armchair adventurers and generals , it 's hard to imagine a better 2 hours .
1 Three sergeants in the British army stationed in India , are sent out to stop an uprising of a tribe of murderers known as the Thuggees . One of the sergeants , Cutter , leads away from the camp in search of a golden temple and is captured by the Thuggees lead by the sinister Guru . Gunga Din , the regiment 's water boy , goes back to the camp for help and the other two sergeants go after him , but are also captured . Now the major sends a full detail out after the three , but do not realize that they are walking into a trap set by the Thugees . It is though , Gunga Din who saves the day . Excellently made buddy film , even though it is today politically incorrect . Grant , McLaglen , and Fairbanks do give very humorous and thrilling performances with Jaffe very well in the title role and Cianelli very sinister as Guru . Rating- 10 out of 10 .
1 Its about time that Gunga Din is released on DVD . I can not accurately say how many times I have watched this fine film but , I never tire of it . The lead actors worked so well together . Victor Mclaglen ( Sgt McChesney ) , Cary Grant ( Sgt Cutter ) and Douglas Fairbanks Jr ( Sgt Ballentine ) are an unbeatable team.<br /><br />I just can not get over their exploits in India . Your first glimpse at the Sergeants Three , is when you see them engaged in fighting with other soldiers over a so - called treasure Map . The three Sergeants are sent on an expedition to find out what happened to the communications line an they enter a mostly deserted town- or so they think.<br /><br />They engage in the necessary repairs and soon find a few " residents " in hiding . Soon after they get attacked by a group of madmen and barely make an escape back to base.<br /><br />Later they are sent on another mission which gives Sgt Cutter a chance to go hunting for the Gold with Din . They find the temple of gold and are trapped by the evil Kali supporters . Din is sent to fetch help and Cutter gets captured . Soon McChesney and Ballentine arrive with Din , and they are too captured.<br /><br />Faced with being killed , they watch helplessly as their Regiment comes to rescue them . The evil doers watch and are about to spring their surprise attack when a wounded Din climbs onto the golden dome and blows his bugle which then alerts the British to the ambush . In doing this , Din is shot dead.<br /><br />The Soldiers attack the evil ones and soon defeat them . At the end , Din is honored as he is made an honorary Corporal in the British Army .
1 This- and not a certain slightly overrated Southern Soap Opera - was the greatest epic to come out of Hollywoods greatest year , 1939.I will not not restate the obvious - Cary Grant , Victor McLaglen ( who WAS a Bengal Lancer ) , and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. give superb comic performances . However , I want to note two other , less understood elements of this masterpiece . The Magnificent final battle sequence , as the wonderful Sam Jaffe climbs laboriously up to the pinnacle of the temple to blow his bugle and warn the regiment , is simply grand . It never fails to enthrall me . Yet another underrated element in the film is Eduardo Ciannelli 's performance as the Guru . This is no Fu Manchu caricature , but an well drawn , articulate , historically informed ( " Have you ever heard of Changruputra Maurya?He defeated the armies left in India by Alexander The Great")villain . Indeed , one can see parallels between this mystical , evil nationalist and a certain well known figure of the thirties ( A German , not an Indian ) . Gunga Din , anti - Nazi tract ? Not quite . But still , a tremendous , funny , moving epic .
1 " Gunga Din " : one of the greatest adventure stories ever told ! A story about the British Foreign legion in 19th century India and a lowly " water - bearer " named Gunga Din , a local denizen who aspires to be just like his military counterparts ; three British sergeants whose loyalty and camaraderie for each other extend far beyond the bounds of mere patriotism . Their 's is a true and abiding friendship for one another and each would be willing to sacrifice his own life for the good of the other . Gunga Din longs to be a soldier too , a Bugler in particular , but can never attain that rank due to his subordinate social standing . However , heroes are not made according to their social credentials , they 're made through their willingness to sacrifice for the greater good of others . Gunga Din tries at every turn to prove his mettle , but will he ever attain the rank he so passionately seeks? .... "You're a better man than I am , Gunga Din " ! One of Hollywood 's classics and a perfect 10 ! ! ! !
1 Gunga Din ( 1939 ) is based on Rudyard Kipling 's poem . The movie is directed by George Stevens . It 's set in India during the 19th century where three British soldiers have to stop an evil guru and his murderous cult . Gunga Din is a marvelous adventure war comedy with plenty of thrilling moments . The three leading men are brilliant . Cary Grant is Sgt . Archibald Cutter , Victor McLaglen is Sgt.'Mac ' MacChesney and Douglas Fairbanks Jr.(the son of the legendary you know who ) is Sgt . Thomas Ballantine . Let 's not forget the other fine players who include Sam Jaffe playing Gunga Din himself in a brilliant way . The beautiful and gifted Joan Fontaine is Emaline Stebbins . It 's awfully fun to watch the difficulties of Tommy 's and Emmy 's wedding plans . Gunga Din is awfully lot of fun . It can be funny , it can be thrilling . It can be everything a good movie requires .
1 The story of the untouchable who acted like a great soldier , saving the lives of hundreds if not thousands , is told in the 1939 film " Gunga Din . " Based loosely on the Rudyard Kipling poem , the film is brilliantly directed by George Stevens and stars Cary Grant , Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen . The title role is played by Sam Jaffe , well known in my era as Ben Casey 's boss , Dr. Zorba , a name that became synonymous with big , out of control hair . Say " Dr. Zorba hair " to anyone of my generation , and they know what you 're talking about.<br /><br />Set in India at the time of the British occupation , three soldiers - two romantic , dashing figures in Grant and Fairbanks , and McLagen as a big lug - are cut - ups - in reality , three overgrown boys . Gunga Din is the water carrier , treated somewhat meanly - verbally , anyway - by McChesney ( McLaglen ) , but Cutter ( Grant ) is fond of him . When he catches Din ( pronounced Deen ) practicing being his soldier walk and salute as he apes the unit during their maneuvers , Cutter gives him a few pointers.<br /><br />The merry band of musketeers is going to break up when Ballantine ( Fairbanks ) announces he 's about to be married to a lovely young woman ( Joan Fontaine ) and leaving the service . However , when Gunga Din and Cutter run across Thugees , a murderous cult led by a guru ( Eduardo Cianelli ) , Gunga Din escapes to warn the unit , and Ballantine insists on re - enlisting to help save Cutter . It 's a buddy movie after all.<br /><br />"Gunga Din " starts out lightheartedly , with slapstick and wonderful , broad comedy , particularly by Cary Grant , who is quite funny . Both he and Fairbanks are so handsome , it 's hard to decide which one to look at first . Much of the film is made up of huge action sequences which are very exciting . In the last part , the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in a tense , thrilling battle.<br /><br />Grant has the showiest role , Fairbanks is the lovesick romantic , and McLaglen as McChesney , mostly due to his treatment of Gunga Din , is the most unlikeable character , although one detects his soft heart in his love for his elephant Annie . His softness comes through toward the end of the movie , particularly in the very touching , tear - jerking final scene.<br /><br />Always a gentle and likable actor , Sam Jaffe gives a beautiful performance as Gunga Din , a simple , brave man with a big smile , powerful imagination and lofty dreams . Without much dialogue , Jaffe conveys Gunga Din 's soul magnificently.<br /><br />This is truly the ultimate adventure film , massive in scope , with good acting , rousing scenes , a wonderful musical score , and some beautiful cinematic images . Another one from that remarkable year , 1939 . Highly recommended .
1 " Now in India 's sunny ' clime , where I use to spend my time as a soldier in the service of her Majesty the queen . . . " so goes the famous poem penned by Rudyard Kipling . This is the literal foundation upon which the movie " Gunga Din " is based . If you are fortunate enough to watch this legendary Classic , you will enjoy films the way they use to make them ; for the sheer pleasure . Taken from the script of the established novelist and poet , this is a story of a humble Indian native named Gunga Din ( Sam Jaffe ) who works as ' a regimental beasty ' during the British occupation of India during the 18th century . His greatest wish is to become a soldier . The water boy is part of a British Calvary contingent threatened with death by a notorious blood cult of Kali called the ' Thuggee . ' Three particular soldiers stand out in this company who are noted for their bravery and comradeship . First is handsome and debonair , Cary Grant playing Sgt . Archibald Cutter . Next is Victor McLaglen as courageous Sgt . MacChesney and finally there 's flamboyant Douglas Fairbanks Jr. as Sgt . Thomas Ballantine . All three and their fellow soldiers are surrounded by a hoard of mountain stranglers led by their fanatical leader called the ' Guru ' ( Eduardo Ciannelli ) . Amid the Chaos of war , is the brave water - boy who hopes to earn a place in the army by playing a bugle he found . A solid story for an old black and white film which needs little fanfare for anyone looking to enjoy a classic . * * * *
1 The film is based on Kipling 's heroic lines that inspire Hollywood 's biggest movie 1939.Out of the drumbeat rhythm of Kipling 's most famous 85 lines rises a picture that will become known as the one great movie of the year . Big on the score of its armies in battle , its war elephants , its bandit hordes , its terror temples Thugs and mystic mountains of India .The picture is bigger still in its scope and sweep , is thrill and action but biggest biggest of all in the life breathes through three(Gary Grant , Victor McLagen and Douglas Fairbanks Jr ) roaring , reckless , swaggering sons of the thundering gunfighters men who stride its mighty scenes in the flesh and blood of high adventure , it 's a honest film of it all that makes Gunga Din a new experience in entertainment .Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three . The romance between Fontaine and Fairbanks Jr aflame through dangerous days and nights of terror in a land where anything can happen . The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show . It 's a fabulous , furious and far - flung adventure with the red - blood and gunpowder heroes who rise from the storied mystery of India and storm the screen with the lusty , rousing , robust life - thunder of men who fight for the love of it and love for the fun of it . The pictures is interpreted for the brave and roguish Gary Grant who rounded hundred villains Thugs and the mean Guru(Eduardo Ciannelli ) , Grant shouts : You 're under arrest!.Besides is the heroic water man , Sam Jaffe , who regiment colonel(Montagu Love ) says of him : You 're a better man than I am , Gunga Din !
1 This is a ripsnorting , old - fashioned adventure yarn . I understand that by today 's political standards , the treatment of the Indians was unacceptable . But this moving is n't about politics . It 's about action , dialogue , comradery , acting , direction , music , and photography , and it 's marvelous on all these factors . Grant , Fairbanks , and McLaglen are electric together , and Jaffe is superb . This is the ultimate buddy movie .
1 Cary Grant , Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor McLaglen are three soldiers in 19th Century India who , with the help of a water boy ( Sam Jaffe ) rid the area of the murderous thuggee cult . The chemistry between the actors helps make this one of the most entertaining movies of all time . Sam Jaffe is exceptional as the outcast water boy who is mistreated by all and still wants to be accepted as a soldier in the company . Loosely based on Rudyard Kipling 's poem . A must see by anyone who enjoys this type of movie .
1 This movie had it all , action , comedy , heroics , and best of all some of the finest actors . Gunga Din will remain a classic to be enjoyed by all who like good movies . Excellent picture , i have it in my collection .
1 I only saw it once . This happened in 1952 , I was seven , the movie 13.<br /><br />We were so young ... But I kept in mind , forever , the strong moments of Gunga 's sacrifice.<br /><br />I realized that time how much a people can be hardly submitted and used by a foreign nation . Under these historical circumstances , in the movie , the personal relation of friendship , a kind of friendship that ignores itself , the one raised between people who share daily life , who see each other faces , who knows each other names , but belong to different worlds , can only make appears . Then , in the most critical moments a troubling question emerges : " Whom are we , in first , supposed to be loyal ? " , which People , family , motherland , the person you know close to you ? . You do not have time to give a perfect answer , urgency is there , and it is for life or death . Gunga - Din gives his answer with sacrifice of himself . Somewhere , in a confuse manner , a problem remains unsolved , the emotion grows with the rhythm of the movie until somebody dies , just one life , nothing compared to so many other fictions or realities we can see today , because this death , this unique vanishing life I lived it , I shared with my child unconditional friendship . It was lived by the spectator I was . That day I loose Gunga - Din for ever . As I left behind , later , my pretty childhood , as I left from then so many worlds I lived in . I left all that for good and these lines are today a short visit I did n't expect to do this morning when getting up .
1 Early Hollywood at it 's best ! ! A classic Kipling poem is transformed into an epic adventure featuring memorable performances by a stellar cast . I think the measure of a good film is how many times you can watch it and still genuinely enjoy it . I 've seen it a dozen times and still cry at the end and , admit it , you do too ! !
1 This happy - go - luck 1939 military swashbuckler , based rather loosely on Rudyard Kipling 's memorable poem as well as his novel " Soldiers Three , " qualifies as first - rate entertainment about the British Imperial Army in India in the 1880s . Cary Grant delivers more knock - about blows with his knuckled - up fists than he did in all of his movies put together . Set in faraway India , this six - fisted yarn dwells on the exploits of three rugged British sergeants and their native water bearer Gunga Din ( Sam Jaffe ) who contend with a bloodthirsty cult of murderous Indians called the Thuggee . Sergeant Archibald Cutter ( Cary Grant of " The Last Outpost " ) , Sergeant MacChesney ( Oscar - winner Victor McLaglen of " The Informer " ) , and Sergeant Ballantine ( Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. of " The Dawn Patrol " ) , are a competitive trio of hard - drinking , hard - brawling , and fun - loving Alpha males whose years of frolic are about to become history because Ballantine plans to marry Emmy Stebbins ( Joan Fontaine ) and enter the tea business . Naturally , Cutter and MacChesney drum up assorted schemes to derail Ballentine 's plans . When their superiors order them back into action with Sgt . Bertie Higginbotham ( Robert Coote of " The Sheik Steps Out " ) , Cutter and MacChesney drug Higginbotham so that he can not accompany them and Ballantine has to replace him . Half of the fun here is watching the principals trying to outwit each other without hating themselves . Director George Stevens celebrates the spirit of adventure in grand style and scope as our heroes tangle with an army of Thuggees . Lenser Joseph H. August received an Oscar nomination for his outstanding black & white cinematography .
1 The late 30s and early 40s were a golden age for adventure movies , what with the rise in budgets during the economic recovery , the changes to screen entertainment since the production code became enforced and the general carefree optimism of the times . While most of these were rip - roaring swashbucklers about the wild , superhuman and often frankly misogynistic exploits of heartthrobs like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power , Gunga Din is very different in its focus , scope and tone.<br /><br />Part of Gunga Din 's secret is the division of labour in its writing team . The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur , two of the most skilled and celebrated writers of Hollywood 's golden age . However the actual screenplay was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol , both of whom , Guiol especially , had a background in comedy . What we get from these four is a plot that is well - balanced and engaging , yet also cleverly spiced up with comical touches . Most of the adventure flicks of this time were at least partly comedies , usually featuring one or two comic - relief supporting players , but they did n't use laughs in the way Gunga Din does . Here , all the main characters are capable of being objects or originators of jokes . We see the sinister menace of the bad guys suddenly diffused as the scene dissolves into a light - hearted brawl . The first main battle scene is an even - handed blend of action and gags , in the style of the silent swashbucklers of Douglas Fairbanks , Sr . , something which the Flynn and Power vehicles largely failed to replicate . Towards the middle of Gunga Din the action must necessarily take a break and there are lots of talky scenes for the sake of the plot . However the continual forays into comedy – such as the spiked punch routine – make this " slow " portion bearable.<br /><br />Producer - director George Stevens was a natural when it came to this sort of thing , himself having cut his teeth at the Hal Roach studios , and almost exclusively having directed comedy up to this point . This was his first full - on action feature , and he does a startlingly good job . In particular his use of moving point - of - view shots make the battle scenes extra exhilarating . He also brings something you seldom see in action pictures of this era – a sense of real dread and fear . He sets this up with those stark and foreboding mountains dominating many of the shots and dwarfing the characters . The portrayal of the abandoned village and the Thuggee cultists cry of " Kali ! " is genuinely haunting . This dimension of fear plays into all the other emotions that are at work here , causing us to worry for these likable characters , and making the comedy a greater relief of tension.<br /><br />A real touch of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is introduced to the audience . We are made aware of Din visually , as he is prominent in a number of scenes before any of the characters actually address him or verbally refer to him . Because of this , we are given the impression that Din is not an important figure within the regiment , but he quickly becomes a notable character to us , and crucially a sympathetic one , as we see him risking his life and giving water to dying men.<br /><br />But the best efforts of writers and directors are all for nought without a capable cast . Fear not , for Gunga Din has a top - notch one ! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the material , since their best roles were generally found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy . Grant in particular is at his best , largely believable but just occasionally breaking into that over - the - top whooping and capering that was his trademark . Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. is not quite up to the standard of his heavyweight companions , but he is by no means bad . And of course there is Sam Jaffe , cursed by his looks to forever play these wizened little oddballs , but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity ? I have not set out to bash the swashbuckling adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power , and indeed many of their pictures are absolute classics that I love absolutely . But Gunga Din does things that even the best of those swashbucklers could never achieve . Not only does it dispense with the dashing male lead or the clichéd defiant damsel , it successfully merges the action genre with comedy and poignancy , in a way that few pictures have done before or since . And that 's fabulous .
1 As a Pokémon fan I enjoyed this movie very much . It introduces new legendary Pokémon ( as each movie does ) and adds depth to the relationships between its characters . I however do not expect those who are not Pokémon fans to enjoy it(This includes MOST adults ) . Some of the lines were corny , but that can be somewhat unavoidable when dubbing the movie over to English . The animation was beautiful , although there were a couple parts that did not look good . And although the villain is kind of corny , I think that the movies have done a good job of cycling through different types of villains , and I guarantee you that they are n't all like this one . Those who did not like it , I say to each his own , but Pokémon fans will love it .
1 I ca n't see the point in burying a movie like this in sulfuric sarcasm , when it is in no way intended to be anything more than a vehicle to entertain children and prepare them for the next line of merchandise to beg madly about.<br /><br / > This is a fun movie . My children sat quietly through the entire thing and loved every minute of it . Granted , the villain is a bit over the top with his silly costume and maniacal laugher , but this is a lot more easier to take than the dark , gloomy , and very morbid Pokemon 3.<br /><br / > My children have been watching Pokemon since it started and they are soon getting to the ages where they will " put off the childish things " and move on to others . I am glad that we got to enjoy this together .
1 Another Pokemon movie has hit the theaters , and again , I 'm hearing the same old , " Pokemon is dead , blah blah blah . " The franchise 's detractors could n't be more wrong . Kids are still playing the trading card game , they 're still watching the TV series , they 're waiting for the Game Boy Advance games , and they want to see " Pokemon the 4th Movie." < br /><br />That said , " Pokemon The 4th Movie " introduces us to two more " legendary " Pokemon : Suicune , the " north wind " of lore , and Celebi , guardian of the forest ( and star of the show ) . Celebi transports itself and a boy named Sam 40 years into the future , to the present day , where Pokemon trainer Ash , his faithful Pikachu , and his friends Brock and Misty are traveling through Johto . Sam and Ash become fast friends , once they discover the other 's mutual love for Pokemon ( Sam 's vintage Pokeball with screw - on top is a great moment ) . Together , they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story , the Team Rocket agent aptly named Vicious , who is hell - bent on capturing Celebi for his own ends . Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious ' Dark Balls ? Where does Suicune fit into the picture ? Will Jessie , James , and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before ? And just who is Sam , really?<br /><br />Like with the first 3 movies , if you go into the movie deciding that you 're automatically going to hate it no matter what simply because it 's Pokemon ( or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger sibling / et cetera " dragged " you into it ) , then you 're going to hate it because you 've decided that you want to hate it . That may be , but to blindly trash " Pokemon The 4th Movie " simply because it is a Pokemon movie , and especially without having seen it , is just plain stupid . Even non - fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every last detail of the world of Pokemon . I 'm not saying that you WILL become a Pokemon fan because of this movie , but you CAN indeed enjoy it , if you 'll let yourself.<br /><br />Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies , " Pokemon the 4th Movie " is being distributed by Miramax , who I 've heard is also working on securing the rights to the 5th Pokemon movie , which was released this past summer in Japan . Miramax claims to have some boffo - aggressive marketing strategy for " Pokemon The 4th Movie , " but all I 've seen so far is a feeble limited release , which does n't include the usual Pikachu short in the beginning , which I was really looking forward to this time . I hope that Miramax will see fit to put the Pikachu short , called " Pikachu 's Exciting Hide - and - Seek , " onto at least the DVD / VHS release , if not with a future wider release of " Pokemon The 4th Movie . " I hope that the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining film .
1 I so love this movie ! The animation is great ( for a pokémon movie ) , the cgi looks so awesome . I love the music in the movie . So great they kept the Japanese music.<br /><br />As for the story : its great . It has a great feeling of friendship . Celebi is a very cute and powerful pokémon . Ash is really great in this movie , and I like his friendship with Sam . The only thing I did n't like was Suicune 's appearance , he just suddenly pops up , helps Ash & co a bit and leaves . They could have made his part in the movie a little bigger.<br /><br />But overall , awesome movie ! Ca n't wait to own the USA version on dvd !
1 Out of these Pokemon films ( which are in order of best to least for me ) : Pokemon The First Movie , Pokemon 4Ever , Pokemon Heroes , Pokemon 200 and Pokemon : Entei and the Unknown , this is probably the one most concerning the environment , arguably the most beautiful and the most calming one . Whether these are good points for you or not , " Pokemon 4Ever , " still has entertained many.<br /><br />As well as the three points covered above , this pokemon film includes good humour and good CGI ( as well as anime ) . The time travelling theme of the film is represented in a good way and Team Rocket ( the comic reliefs / rubbish baddies ) end up with quite good gags and end up being more main characters than sidekicks . < br /><br />The flaws are , as always , the rather unnecessary violence and action and the baddie is pretty uninteresting , even more so than a few Pokemon film baddies . < br /><br />A strange pokemon is being tracked down by a pokemon hunter in a forest . A young boy tries to save the pokemon and it takes him somewhere ... <br /><br />Meanwhile , Ash , Brock and Misty are entering a large forest ... <br /><br />Curious ? Watch the rest ... <br /><br />Good for all Pokemon fans and " American " anime movie fans , enjoy " Pokemon 4Ever " ! :-)
1 I have always enjoyed the Pokemon movies . Yes , I know , all of them are very corny , mediocre in some certain areas and sure , even though they 're aimed at little kids they 're too adult in some fields to be able to guard them with the statement,"Hey , lighten up , it 's a kids movie , " but all that aside , are n't they still good pieces of entertainment ? In my opinion , they are so and I enjoy them greatly . This one is just as enjoyable as the previous three , and certainly cuter . It has some really sweet and touching moments since it is the introduction of the lovable , fresh Pokemon Celebi . It 's not the best Pokemon movie , but I do enjoy it more than the third installment , even though the third is not bad , and the entire series is just entertaining , harmless , popcorn family fun and should be considered nothing more , nothing less . This film has some high marks of intensity and interest , especially around the climax / ending , as do all the installments , and the characters , while a bit more lackluster than the previous three , I thought , are still likable and humorous . This films is the lowest rated and most criticized of the four feature length adaptions , and it does n't deserve that .
1 The 4th Pokemon movie made me cry when Celebi died . Do n't you dare say that Pokemon sucks ! I do n't like it when people say that .... I 've liked Pokemon for 5 or 6 years , so everyone should enjoy Pokemon , including this movie and other Pokemon movies . So , without further ado , please say that Pokemon is great and should be enjoyed by people for all ages . And also , why do Pokemon - haters give low ratings for all or most of the Pokemon movies ? I do n't understand .... They should n't do that .... There 's absolutely no reason why people should just vote without proving that Pokemon sucks besides the fact that : 1 ) Pokemon is for little kids ONLY . 2 ) Pokemon is stupid . and 3 ) People should n't like Pokemon . I think this is why people do n't like Pokemon .
1 My Brother And I Have Pokemon 4Ever On DVD . We Watched It Like A Couple Of Times And It Was The Best . Too Bad It A New Pokemon Did n't Talk This Time . I 'll Get Used To It.<br /><br />The Iron Masked Marauder Was Pretty Mean When He Captured Celebi With His Dark Ball . Good Thing Ash And Sam Managed To Snap Him Out Of His Control.<br /><br />There Was Only One Song In The Ending Credits Called Cele - B - R - A - T - E Performed By Russell Velazquez.<br /><br />Pokemon 4Ever Became A Success Since The Three Previous Films And People Will Always Love That Film .
1 Whoever says pokemon is stupid can die . This movie is superlative . I Even shead a tear when Celebei died . I DON'T CRY Much ! This film is a touching animated thriller . < br /><br />In this fourth installment of pokemon , Ash and friends must stop the bad jerk from making Celebei the ultimate evil weapon with his dark ball . In the time , Sam and Celebei travel through time and continuously are hunted by game hunters . I like the part with the double battle and Sam has the apricorn pokeball ( if you 've played pokemon gold , silver , or crystal , you know what it is.)<br /><br />I also enjoyed having miramax in charge instead of Warner Brothers . Putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea . The pokemon in this movie come to life more than ever .
1 This movie is the next segment in the pokemon movies which supplies everything on hopes and dreams of a pokemon warrior named Ash Ketchim and his friends . they go out and they look battle and run into new pokemon and take on new adventures with Pikachu and other pokemon favorites . This adventure takes on with a new pokemon called Celebi a time pokemon . Go join ash Brock and Misty to find all sorts of new things !
1 Hitokiri ( which translates roughly as " assassination " ) , a / k / a " Tenchu " which translates roughly as " divine punishment " ) showcases Hideo Gosha at the top of his form . Do NOT miss this one , or Gosha 's other classic , Goyokin ! Hitokiri is not only one of Gosha 's best films , it 's one of the best " samurai / chambara " films ever made , and perhaps one of the best Japanese films ever exported.<br /><br />Be warned , all of the intricate plot details in Hitokiri can be a little hard to follow for those unfamiliar with 19th century Japanese history . Even so , the underlying human drama is obvious and open to all viewers . As per the norm for Gosha , Hitokiri provides yet another variation on his traditional theme of " loyalty to one 's lord " vs. " doing the right thing " . However , Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication , that it 's really _ the _ movie to see ( along with Goyokin , of course).<br /><br />I suppose it breaks down like this : If you want a simpler , more action - oriented tale , you might want to see Goyokin . However , if you want a more thoughtful , multilayered ( albeit grim ) drama , see this one.<br /><br />(OK , OK , essentially , the historical backdrop is a massive power grap between many different samurai clans who are either ( 1 ) working to reform , yet retain , the Tokugawa Shogunate , and ( 2 ) those who are trying to install the Emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler of Japan . Of course , those clans working " for " Emperor Meiji were often less interested in " reforming " Japan than in ensuring their own clan more power in the " new world order " . Ironically , the entire feudal system was officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government . It 's ironic twists like this -- Gosha 's big on irony -- that make the entire plot all the more bittersweet.)<br /><br />What distinguishes " Hitokiri " from Gosha 's other movies is Gosha 's mature sense of cinematography . Every shot is thoughtfully composed , and ( much like Kubrick 's Barry Lyndon ) each frame of the movie could hold its own as a still composition . Of course , this is typical Gosha . Hitokiri really stands out with stunning backdrops , including(as with Goyokin ) many riveting seascapes . Just watch the opening sequence , and you 're hooked ! Make no mistake , this is no English period piece : Hitokiri is extremely violent ( do n't say you were n't warned).<br /><br />What else , other than cool camera work , makes Hitokiri stand out ? The performances seem ( to me ) a bit more subtle in this one . Katsu Shintaro ( of Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame ) turns in a star performance as the conflicted protagonist / antihero , Okada Izo . Katsu manages to instill humanity to a character that seems almost more wild animal than villain . Throughout the movie , you 're never quite sure if you 're engaged or revolted by Okada 's character . At the same time , Katsu 's portrayal of Okada 's ravenous hunger for respect , and his later pathetic attempts at redemption , seem so human that you ca n't help but feel empathy / sympathy . Of course , after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya play the tortured hero in " Goyokin " , it 's great to see him play such a ruthless villain in " Hitokiri " . He 's just perfect , there 's nothing more to say!<br /><br />As a final note , perhaps more interesting to buffs than to casual fans , do n't miss the last screen appearance of Mishima Yukio ( yes , the closeted gay right - wing ultranationalist novelist who committed suicide by seppuku before the crowd of jeering Japanese military personnel he " kidnapped " in 1970 , and had a movie on his life and work made by Paul Schrader ) , who actually does a pretty solid job of portraying the honorable ( for an assassin ) Shinbei Tanaka .
1 It 's a testament to Gosha 's incredible film - making prowess that he was able to complete both Hitokiri and his stunning masterpiece , Goyokin , in the same year , 1969 . And it 's a testament to how criminally underrated he remains for the general public ( compared to media darlings like the great Akira Kurosawa ) , that both Hitokiri and Goyokin have received less than 500 votes between the two of them.<br /><br />Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo : mad dog killer , loyal to the Tosha clan and their boss Takechi , played by another genre stalwart , Tatsuya Nakadai . The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the Emperor against the flailing Shogunate . The historical backdrop is fairly accurate - with Japan 's increasing political turmoil between imperialists and the Tokugawa and the pressure by the West to end a 300 year social and political seclusion . It helps a lot to know a thing or two about Japanese history and what eventually led to the Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the Tokugawa Shogunate , but it 's not essential by any means . The movie was made primarily for a Japanese audience so certain things are taken for granted but it flows very well for the uninitiated as well.<br /><br />As one would expect from a Hideo Gosha film in his golden years ( the late 60 's ) the visual palette is breathtaking , the use of external and internal symbolism hiding behind pictorial beauty . Style however is never decorative for Gosha - it is always employed in the service of story . < br /><br />And speaking of story , Hitokiri is dominated both literally and figuratively by the tortured main character Izo Okada . As most chambara protagonists , Izo finds himself in a moral double - bind , torn between giri ( obligation ) and ninjo ( natural impulse ) - although it takes a while for him to realize what exactly his giri is . In the first half of the movie Izo is trying for social self - advancement . Lofty aspirations of social rank and marriage with an aristocrat 's daughter - a great progression for someone coming from a farmer 's background in the rigid social caste system of 19th century Japan . < br /><br />The turning point for Izo is when he realizes at what cost self - advancement comes , the loss of identity and by consequence the loss of self . It is at that point that he undergoes a very symbolic transformation from a famous swordsman of the Tosha Clan to a " nameless " drifter without past or future , Torazo the Vagrant . Although not technically nameless and not a genre drifter in Yojimbo 's mold , it is the loss of his former self and the cast off of ego , ambition and self - dillusion that allows Izo to see things as they really are and redeem himself . < br /><br />Hitokiri ends ( which I wo n't reveal here ) in the best way any story can end : both positive and negative with a deeply ironic twist that gives Izo the last laugh , a last sardonic remark in the face of death .
1 This movie is a brilliant lesson on Japanese history set in at the end of the Tokugawa Shogunate shortly before the Shogunate lost a big battle against the loyalist , who wanted the emperor back on the throne to rule Japan . Really , I had to read a lot of history to get the entire background.<br /><br />Shintaro Katsu ( also known as the original Zatoichi ) gives a superb performance as Izo Okada , one of the four Hitokiri(=Human Slayer ) of the Bakumatsu . He is a simple samurai who looses all of his wealth . In order to have a good life he becomes a retainer of Takechi Hanpei ( played by Tatsuya Nakada = Ryonosuke out of Sword of Doom ) . Hanpei is a ultra - nationalist politician who lets his band of Hitokiri assassinate a lot of high ranking pro - west politicians in order to achieve his political goals . Izo Okada follows his leader without really questioning what they are doing . As long as he has money to go and drink and spend at his whore . Okada 's killings get more and more brutal in the course of the movie and he is proud to have a reputation based on fear wherever he goes . < br /><br />It is a splendid portrait on the life of a simple samurai who gets caught up in political affairs and is really to naive to realize what is happening . First after being betrayed and tortured and always having talks with Sakamoto ( who is a samurai who rejects violence ) does he change his ideas and views on life . But too late .... <br /><br />Watch the movie to see the end of Izo Okada ... <br /><br />Shintaro Katsu and the rest of the staff give a brilliant performance . Each actor reaches up to their role . The sword - fights a very unique and fast ... probably faster than several movies nowadays ... <br /><br />Check it out if you have the chance ! ! !
1 Gosha 's last great film of the 1960 's . A resolute stylist with a great sense of purpose to his films , Gosha teamed up with Shintaro Katsu ( of Zatoichi fame ) to produce this scathing indictment of mindless nationalist loyalty . < br /><br />"Tenchu " ( heavenly judgment ) is the word that the loyalists to the emperor yell while assassinating enemies or " traitors " to the cause . Katsu plays up his character ' simple minded allegiance to a manipulative politician all in the name of patriotic pride . Anybody who questions the politician is labeled a " traitor " and becomes an assassination target.<br /><br />One of the best photographed films ever , many shots are incredible compositions of form , color and light . The fight scenes are frequent and very bloody and brutal . The blood becomes a part of the color palette Gosha uses for his images . Gorgeous and disturbing . While the personal story is simple to follow , the historical background is complicated and while a basic history lesson for this time in Japan would be very helpful you can struggle through the film without it . The few drawbacks to the film are the music track , the length and Katsu 's occasional scenery chewing . He has a drunken scene that 's way over the top for a film but actually a very accurate depiction of a drunk.<br /><br />Downbeat but one of the great chambara films .
1 This is one of the best of the genre . I saw it twice about 25yrs ago and have not had another opportunity to see it again since then . It rivals the Zatoichi series ( also starring Katsu ) in exciting swordplay .
1 Tenchu aka . Hitokiri- directed by Hideo Gosha - starring Shintaro Katsu and Tetsuya NAkadei belongs ( together with Goyokin , HAra Kiri & Rebellion ) to the best chambara movies existing.<br /><br />Its the story about Shintaro Katsu ( who plays Okada Izo ) working for Nakadei , who wants to become the daymio . Okada , being the " cleaner " for Nakadei is being treated like a dog - and after quite a while he realises - what he realy is to Nakadei.<br /><br />But there is so much more in this movie - every fan of japanese cinema should have seen it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! < br /><br />(Tenchu means Heavens Punishment )
1 Simple , meaningful and delivers an emotional punch . I regularly trail through dull short films and it 's always nice to come across something that has a simple and enlightened message , without pretensions or self indulgent directing.<br /><br />A boy at school has to attend a lesson when his friend plays truant and is given the most important lesson of his life , only to find that when there are not enough copies to go around he has to share with the school bully.<br /><br />Unlike most short films featuring children or actors these kids hold their own and it 's believable . The soundtrack nicely complements the emotion of the piece and the punchline of the film works well .
1 I remember watching this film , thinking was so interesting . I really wanted to know what happens next . I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short . We start in a school yard . . Two friends are debating on skipping class . Kid B says to Kid A " Lets not go to class today . " And Kid A declines , claiming they could miss something really important . So kid B skips and kid A goes to class . When he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn . They were going to learn the meaning of life . She gives everyone a pamphlet , and when she gets to kid A , she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share . Well , the kid wo n't share , so Kid A goes looking for the teacher . When he finally finds her , he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is . I suggest everyone watch this short . It will only take 8 minutes from your life , but the message is so important , it could help you for a life time .
1 I was absolutely mesmerised by this series from the moment Tom Long walked into shot - the whole ' bad boy ' thing , it was just addictive.<br /><br />The story has you hooked , what will happen next - will Joey get the girl in the end , after doing 5 years in prison , and all that time thinking about his lost love , crossing paths with her again , finding he has a son ... Although he is a violent bad guy , you still want him to find happiness.<br /><br />A truly captivating two parter - please bring it out on video !
1 I was probably one of the few Australians not watching the tennis when this series aired . I have to say when William McInnes first appeared I though , that is one crappy actor ! But as the series continued he toned down his performance and I totally loved him . He was such a rotten guy but he did make me laugh . I watched the show to see Hugo Speers ( Heart and Bones , The Full Monty ) and Tom Long ( SeaChange , Two Hands ) . It was interesting to see Speers play a nice , quiet man and even more interesting to watch Tom Longs ' rippling muscles ! Sigh ... Seriously , Long 's performance was a total shock and really brilliant . He stole the show . Martin Sacks was good also in a small role , and the leading actress put in an entertaining performance . I 'd recommend this programme if you enjoy stories with a twist and watching Tom Long walk around with no shirt on ...
1 The Waiting Womans Ward of a large lying - in hospital , with all its joys and sorrows , is the place where LIFE BEGINS.<br /><br />This nearly forgotten drama is a fine little soap opera , replete with comedy and tragedy , all tied into the lives of the maternity staff and their patients . The frankness with which the subject matter is handled points up the movie 's pre - Code status.<br /><br />Marvelous Aline MacMahon , as the sympathetic head nurse , is the calm center of the film , the rock around which all the currents flow . Able to handle any crisis or emergency , she is the mothers ' best , sometimes last , friend . Surrounding MacMahon is a bevy of excellent costars : Loretta Young as a convicted murderess released from prison long enough to give birth ; Eric Linden as her frightened young husband ; brassy Glenda Farrell as a dame who hates children ; sweet Clara Blandick as a very mature mother in for her sixth birthing ; Preston Foster & Hale Hamilton as thoughtful , compassionate doctors and Frank McHugh as a comically frantic father - to - be.<br /><br />Movie mavens will recognize Bobs Watson as a wee tyke who wants to see the Stork ; Paul Fix as a nervous husband who promises to behave like a ` little soldier ; ' Gilbert Roland as a distraught Italian husband and Elizabeth Patterson as a snooty doctor 's wife interested in adopting Farrell 's son - all uncredited.<br /><br />There are a few absurdities in the plot - some of the mothers are obviously much too old ; Farrell becomes blatantly drunk in the Ward but none of the staff seem to notice ; an obviously psychotic patient is able to wander around at will - but this really only enhances the quirky entertainment value of the film and keeps things from becoming too serious .
1 Life Begins - and ends - in a typical 1930 's maternity / recovery ward , where we view 48 hours in the lives of several high risk pregnant women , played by Loretta Young , Glenda Farrell , Clara Blandick ( Aunty Em ? ? ? ) , Vivienne Osborne , Dorothy Tree , and Gloria Shea , as they await to give birth . While the film features plot devices which seem far fetched today when maternity wards are much more controlled and restricted , it does offer us a look back in time to see what giving birth in a typical city hospital in 1932 was like for our grandmothers and great - grandmothers . I found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving.<br /><br />Oddly enough , the most outstanding performance in this film comes from a male cast member , young Eric Linden as Jed Sutton , Grace 's ( Loretta Young ) husband . What an actor ! As a first time father , Jed is distraught and uneasy with hospital staff who seem to brush off his concerns about his wife as they might brush crumbs off a cafeteria table . I felt his every concern keenly . I 'd like to see more of this actor 's work . He had a very emotional voice , which was used to unforgettable effect in Gone With The Wind . In that film Eric played the young soldier whose leg was amputated without anesthesia , who screamed " Do n't cut ! Do n't cut ! " as Scarlett fled the hospital in horror . Chilling ! Another great performance is from Aline MacMahon , who plays Miss Bowers , the nurse . Her character is a salt of the earth type , the kind of nurse we all hope to get for our hospital stays , who breaks the hospital rules constantly in order to show a more humane side of the medical profession.<br /><br />Loretta Young did another superb acting job here as well , a very authentic and deeply felt performance as Grace . My , she is great in these precodes , I 've really grown to appreciate her more as an actress the last few months.<br /><br />Glenda Farrell played her role of a shrill unwed mother a little over the top for my taste ( did n't anyone know back in 1932 that swigging brandy from a hot water bottle might be hazardous to unborn babies ' health ? ) but her character redeems herself in the end.<br /><br />Also in the cast was an uncredited Gilbert Roland , silent movie star , as a grieving Italian husband . His screen time was brief , but notable.<br /><br />Life Begins is a must - see precode , try to catch it sometime on TCM , but remember to bring a few hankies to cry into . 9 out of 10 .
1 Life Begins is a wonderful pre - code film starring some of the best of the era . It is set in the maternity ward of a hospital , particularly in the room for the women expected to have trouble . In it is an older woman , a tough unwed mother ( Glenda Farrell ) , a frail young woman , an Italian woman , and the main character ( Loretta Young ) who is spending 20 years in prison for murder . Her husband ( Eric Linden ) is at the hospital at every second aching to know that everything will be okay . Aline MacMahone plays the nurse who is great at her job.<br /><br />This film is highly interesting and entertaining . It is n't terribly shocking in any way , but it is interesting to see such a neglected subject on the silver screen . The acting is brilliant all around . Loretta Young is gorgeous here in her prime . Eric Linden comes out of nowhere and is sincere as can be . His innocence is reminiscent of Michael J. Fox . Glenda Farrell is great as always , a staple of pre - codes and for good reason .
1 Sort of like a very primitive episode of " General Hospital " set in a natal ward ( and one for tough cases at that ) , this fast - moving programmer has a satisfying emotional impact -- mainly because Eric Linden , as the distraught young husband in the main plot , is so palpably a wreck , and with such good reason . His expectant wife , Loretta Young , is brought to the ward at the beginning of a 20-year prison sentence for offing a lecher who probably had it coming to him ; Ms. Young , as always , does n't do anything to disinvite audience sympathy , and she 's a little too good to be true , though sympathetic and lovely to look at , of course . Her difficult pregnancy and relationships with the other girls of the ward form the heart of the movie , and the outcome -- not an entirely happy one -- feels right . Aline MacMahon , " one of the cinema 's few perfect actresses , " in the apt words of film historian David Thomson , exudes warmth and authority as the head nurse , and Glenda Farrell , as a none - too - willing new mom of twins , gets to croon " Frankie and Johnny " as a drunken lullaby . Frank McHugh figures in another subplot , and he gets to show more range than Warners usually permitted him . It 's scaled and paced modestly , and Linden 's expectant - dad panic stays with you for days -- this sort of part was often played for laughs , but he 's a terrified young kid in trouble , and very persuasive .
1 I saw this movie yesterday on Turner , and I was unable to stop watching until it was over , even though I sort of could guess what would happen . Farrell was great in her role , and everyone else did a super job . Some of it seemed to stretch the limits , but all in all , I loved it ! ! If you get the chance to see it , please do ! I actually cried at a few scenes , but then I guess if you are a mom you would . Loretta is beautiful , and I was just in astonishment at the very idea of their being unwed moms there , it seemed ahead of its ' time . I say , WATCH IT if you can , and do n't listen to criticisms . As they say , I laughed , I cried ! I thoroughly enjoyed it !
1 Even in the 21st century , child - bearing is dangerous : women have miscarriages , and give birth prematurely . Seventy - five years ago , it was not uncommon for women to die during childbirth . That is the theme of " Life Begins " : a look at the " difficult cases " ward of a maternity hospital . Loretta Young plays the lead , a woman brought here from prison ( what crime she committed is not germane to the plot ) to give birth ; she 's conflicted about the fact she 's going to have to give her baby up after birth . She 's in a ward with several other women , who share their joys and pain with each other.<br /><br />Although Loretta Young is the lead , the outstanding performance , as usual , is put in by Glenda Farrell . Farrell was one of Warner 's " B " women in the 1930s , showing up quite a bit in supporting roles , and sometimes getting the lead in B movies ( Farrell played Torchy Blane in several installments of the " Torchy " B - movie series . ) Here , Farrell plays an expectant mother who does n't want her children , since they 'll only get in the way . She does everything she can to get in the way of the nurses , including smuggling liquor into the ward ( this of course during the Prohibition days ) , and drinking like a fish -- apparently they 'd never heard of fetal alcohol syndrome back in the 30s.<br /><br />Interestingly , unlike most movie of the early 1930s , it 's not the women being bumbling idiots getting in the way of the heroic men -- that situation is reversed , with the expectant fathers being quivering mounds of jelly . ( Watch for veteran character actor Frank McHugh as one of the expectant fathers . ) " Life Begins " , being an early talkie , treats the subject with a fair dollop of melodrama , to be sure , but it 's quite a charming little movie . Turner Classic show it , albeit infrequently ; I 've only seen it show up on a few days honoring Loretta Young . But it 's highly recommended viewing when it does show up .
1 This film is one that played very well back in 1932 and probably would n't work as well today because its style it a bit old fashioned and contrived . However , if you are the sort person , like me , who adores older Hollywood films , you cut the film a bit of slack and can enjoy it for what it is -- an interesting soap.<br /><br />The film is set in a ward for problem pregnancies . In this large room are about a half dozen beds in which women are waiting to give birth -- but doctors are concerned about possible complications ( yikes -- such a room would really traumatize the mothers ! ) . And , like an episode of " Love Boat " or " Fantasy Island " , each mother has her own special story . With so many rather extreme and crazy stories , you have to suspend disbelief . I could and enjoyed the film quite a bit.<br /><br />Here are a few of the stories : One involves a father . You do n't see the mom , but he is a very , very nervous father and it 's included for comic relief . However , he was wonderful here -- very touching.<br /><br />Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case . Loretta is sent to the hospital from prison -- she apparently killed some horrible guy . You do n't know exactly what occurred , but you assume he was trying to force himself on her ! Yet , she was given a 20 year sentence -- and her husband is devoted to her and is by her side as much as he can.<br /><br />Glenda Farrell is an awful person . She has the maternal instincts of a hamster -- a really , really bad and alcoholic hamster ! She is pretty funny and worth seeing through most of the film . I loved her drinking from a hot water bottle filled with gin as well as becoming upset when she learns she ca n't make money selling her twins ! ! Late in the film , she has a typical Hollywood - style change of heart that was supposed to be touching -- I found it contrived.<br /><br />There is a woman who has given birth to a still - born baby . Amazingly , afterwords , they put the lady back in the same ward as the women waiting to give birth ! ! ! A crazy woman , who you assumed lost a baby some time ago , wanders down from the psychiatric unit . She insists she 's having a baby . Later , she escapes again and actually takes one of the kids!<br /><br />There are most stories than this but the ones I mentioned are the main ones . As I said , it 's a soap opera of sorts and is highly entertaining -- and quite sad in the case of several of the stories . The ending , in particular , is heart - breaking and exceptionally well done . There were a few particularly good performances -- especially Farrell and Aline MacMahon as the head nurse . All in all , a very good film -- and I have no idea why they felt they had to remake the film just a few years later ( which was typical for Warner Brothers ) .
1 I never watched the ' Next Action Hero ' show , and until reading the other comments here , did not know that this movie was the ' prize ' from that competition . I was just flipping channels and came across this , and found myself watching , dare eagerly , all the way to the end.<br /><br />Yes , the plot 's been done ( The Most Dangerous Game , etc . ) but I was hoping for , and almost received , the ' gotcha ' - how the protagonist was going to beat the hunter in the end . I think the high - tech was overdone ( GPS 's ) and gave me cold - sweat flashbacks of Night Rider , but it nevertheless was not too overdone.<br /><br />The basic problem I had with this movie was the degree of SOD ( Suspension of Disbelief ) that was required of the viewer . Do we really think that someone flying in a helicopter could lob countless incendiary grenades at a public bridge and NO COPS show up to investigate ? Could a limousine do countless donuts in a Las Vegas intersection and NO COPS show up ? Pleeease . Way too much of that type of thing - fun to watch , but keep it at least plausible , thank you very much.<br /><br />The final solution was good , but the ending was disappointing , with the after taste of a bad Star Trek episode . At least now I understand why the acting was so cheesy - except for Zane , who does n't get near as much work as he deserves IMHO - they were winners from a reality show.<br /><br />Knock me out .
1 I thought the movie was fairly well done for a made for TV movie , and it contained both a lot of action and humor . I found the entertainment value worth watching , and would watch it again or a similar show again . I 'm disappointed that Sean was not credited here on IMDb.<br /><br />I can see a possibility for an action series based on this concept or a sequel with Sean once again playing for even higher " cash " stakes , since his life would be on the line again anyway.<br /><br />I felt that Sean played the role very well , and reminds me of an actor by the name of Matthew Ashford who plays Jack Deveraux on Days of Our Lives - the Soap Opera .
1 I thought this movie was excellent , for the fact that Corrine and Sean are newcomers to the business . It was packed with action and a little romance , but there were some points when Corrine did n't speak very clearly ( when she threatened Sean with the gun ) and she clenched her teeth ... maybe she was supposed to?I think the roles of Joseph and Sonny were portrayed very well , and there was an obvious contrast . Also , because i watched next action star , i am certain that Corrine and Sean did their own stunts , which were performed very well . I am looking forward to another movie by the pair , as they make a great team , or perhaps a sequel to bet your life - possibly called ' making it big in the big apple',it could this time be about Carmen .. Bet your life is EXCELLENT !
1 After watching the Next Action Star reality TV series , I was pleased to see the winners ' movie right away . I was leery of such a showcase of new talent , but I was pleasantly surprised and thrilled . Billy Zane , of course , was his usual great self , but Corinne and Sean held their own beside him . It was also nice to see Jared and Jeanne ( also from the competition ) in their cameo roles . Sean 's character , not Billy 's , is the hunted , and his frustration at discovering new rules in the game is well played . Corinne walks the tightrope well between her character liking Sean 's and only being in it for the money . I loved how the game was played right to the last second . And then beyond ! Not a great movie , but an entertaining one all the way and a great showcase for two folks on their first time out of the gate .
1 For a low budget movie this was really good . I put this well above your average action B - movie . Sean and Corinne delivered in this movie , and they did n't seem camera shy . Watch out for the cameos of Jeanne and Jared . I did n't think that the producers would even consider that , but the runner - ups deserve that much . < br /><br />I'll be looking forward to more of Sean and Corinne 's involvement in the movie entertainment industry . Sean 's character seemed very genuine , and sexy Corinne 's character was pretty hard - nosed and on point . She connected well with the action sequences and executed with confidence . It was a great idea to cast Billy Zane as the smart and witty villain . His charisma on screen is always a pleasure to watch . The chemistry between Zane and Sean 's character was pretty good . The action sequences were n't cheesy and seemed to connect throughout the movie . Of course there were flaws , but that comes with the territory . < br /><br />Overall , this was a good movie considering the budget and the fact that it was made for TV . Sean and Corinne did a good job considering that they are newcomers to the game . I hope that Jeanne , Jared , and the rest of the Next Action Star cast get their chance to also join their co - stars in entertainment success.<br /><br />Final Judgment : * * * / * * * *
1 This is probably the fastest - paced and most action - packed of the German Edgar Wallace " krimi " series , a cross between the Dr. Mabuse films of yore and 60 's pop thrillers like Batman and the Man from UNCLE . It reintroduces the outrageous villain from an earlier film who dons a stylish monk 's habit and breaks the necks of victims with the curl of a deadly whip . Set at a posh girls ' school filled with lecherous middle - aged professors , and with the cops fondling their hot - to - trot secretaries at every opportunity , it certainly is a throwback to those wonderfully politically - incorrect times . There 's a definite link to a later Wallace - based film , the excellent giallo " Whatever Happened to Solange ? " , which also concerns female students being corrupted by ( and corrupting ? ) their elders . Quite appropriate to the monk theme , the master - mind villain uses booby - trapped bibles here to deal some of the death blows , and also maintains a reptile - replete dungeon to amuse his captive audiences . < br /><br />Alfred Vohrer was always the most playful and visually flamboyant of the series directors , and here the lurid colour cinematography is the real star of the show . The Monk appears in a raving scarlet cowl and robe , tastefully setting off the lustrous white whip , while appearing against purplish - night backgrounds . There 's also a voyeur - friendly turquoise swimming pool which looks great both as a glowing milieu for the nubile students and as a shadowy backdrop for one of the murder scenes . The trademark " kicker " of hiding the " Ende " card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here . And there 's a fine brassy and twangy score for retro - music fans.<br /><br />Fans of the series will definitely miss the flippant Eddie Are nt character in these later films . Instead , the chief inspector Sir John takes on the role of buffoon , convinced that he has mastered criminal psychology after taking a few night courses . Unfortunately , Klaus Kinski had also gone on to bigger and better things . The krimis had lost some of their offbeat subversive charm by this point , and now worked on a much more blatant pop - culture level , which will make this one quite accessible to uninitiated viewers .
1 There 's a lot going on in The College Girl Murders . A mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas . Before he can reap the rewards of his discovery , the scientist is killed by a hooded , whip - welding monk . After a co - ed is killed in a church by the gas , Scotland Yard is called in to investigate , but the killing continues . Who can stop this mad killer who seems to be able to come and go as he pleases in and out of the college ? < br /><br />What Works : < br /><br />- The Killer . What 's not to like about a killer who sneaks around wearing a vivid red KKK looking outfit , complete with red gloves . The white whip he carries and uses very effectively stands out nicely against the bright red gown . Although the idea of a killer in a flaming red , pointy - head outfit sneaking around a girl 's school is fairly far - fetched , it 's one of the more sinister looking costumes I 've seen.<br /><br />- Groovy 60s Music . I really would like to track down the title music to The College Girl Murders . It 's got a jazzy , hip , 60s feel to it that I just loved.<br /><br />- Bizarre Touches . Beyond the killer 's red gown and hood , the movie features a sliding fireplace , a pit of alligators with a cage handing overhead , poison spraying bibles , a strategically placed mannequin , mini - skirts , go - go boots , and mile high hair . I would describe it as a cross between the 60s Batman TV show and an Italian giallo . The College Girl Murders is a real treat for the eye.<br /><br />- The End . Let 's just say that there are more twists than a mountain road . Just when you think the killer has been uncovered , here comes a twist … .. and another … .and another … and another.<br /><br />What Does n't Work : < br /><br />- Chief Inspector Sir John . I know the guy was meant to be comic relief , but his buffoonish character has way too much screen time.<br /><br />- Why Have Alligators ? Previously , I mentioned the alligators in the pit . And while they are a nice touch , they serve very little purpose . Why go through all the trouble and not use them ? < br /><br />- Plodding Plot . Some of The College Girl Murders has no flow or rhythm to it . There are far too many moments throughout the movie when things come inexplicably to a screeching halt . Better pacing would have made this a much more enjoyable movie.<br /><br />I have n't seen many of these German krimis but of the few I have seen ( Phantom of Soho , Strangler of Blackmoor Castle , Dead Eyes of London ) this may be my favorite . This one has a real funky feel to it that I really go into . Had the plot flowed a little better , I could have easily given The College Girl Murders a 7/10 .
1 This is an interesting little flick made in 1967 , with cool jazzy twangy soundtrack music and a plot that will make you laugh ... OK , it 's not really stupid but it 's cheesy fun . I saw many similarities between this and ' Creature with the Blue Hand ' ( AKA The Bloody Dead ) and they do have the same director ! Scotland Yard 's finest is investigating the murders of young ladies at a college . Seems that criminals are being let loose from a local prison to do the bidding of some evil person and then returned when their work is done . There 's a nifty device hidden inside a bible that squirts prussic acid , and there 's another device that is neither nifty nor clandestine , it looks like a large squirt gun and the victim must be pretty near soaked before they expire . Joachim Fuchsberger plays an Inspector and he mostly chews gum and looks off into the distance . There 's a " monk " , and how anyone identifies this thing as a " monk " is beyond me , it carries a whip and dresses in a red outfit with a red hood , more of a Klan member of a different color than a monk . There 's all kinds of nifty devices like a fireplace hearth that goes up and down to admit the monk , and it steps right over the fire without setting his robe alight , a nifty trick right there . This is an odd combo of crime drama with goofy overtones , and while it 's rather silly at times it is fun to watch . 7 out of 10 , not bad ....
1 " The College Girl Murders " is my first acquaintance with the writing work of Edgar Wallace – and generally my first real acquaintance with " Krimi " films in general – and I can say that I 'm moderately impressed . This stuff is really entertaining , although I never would have expected it to be so …  goofy ! The film has an exhilarating and nicely convoluted plot , with a healthy dose of humor , flamboyant twists and pretty inventive killings . There 's some James Bond type of evil mastermind – who always sits in the shadow and in front of a large monitor - recruiting prisoners to kill certain girls at a specific college with a new type of poison . There 's also a villainous monk with a whip , dressed like a communist KKK member , getting rid of the leftover characters , like overly curious teachers and such , as well as a kooky police commissioner who persists on solving the case with a psychological approach . Seriously , if I had known sooner that these Krimi films were so colorful and crazy , I would have purchased a whole collection of them already . The pretzel plot actually raises more questions than it answers in the end , and the overload of comical gimmicks on the account of Scotland Yard Inspector Higgins are sometimes a bit much to swallow , but I do n't care because it was sublime entertainment . Even the funky 60 's soundtrack remained stuck in my head for a long time . It 's like a variant on the Italian Giallo , but with slapstick elements .
1 Prussic gas , a murderer donning a red clansman suit and hood wielding a white whip , and the murders of college school girls at the hands of paid convicts enlisted by a mysterious mastermind who keeps his face hidden within an office containing aquariums of turtles and fish . The inspectors at Scotland Yard , Higgins(IJoachim Fuchsberger)and his superior Sir John(Siegfried Schürenberg)certainly have their hands full with this case . It all seems to center around student Ann Portland(Uschi Glas ) , who , when she turns 21 , is to inherit a great deal of wealth . The girls who are targeted share a room with Ann , but the reason for their murders remains a mystery SY 's finest must figure out . The staff of the girls ' dormitory all seem to be hiding something and certain members of the faculty are falling prey to the killer in the red monk robe disguise , talented enough to precisely strangle the necks of those attacked with the whip . Two prisoners are commissioned by a mystery man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for his creation . It 's a clever scheme where a driver , Greaves(Günter Meisner)meets the convicts( .. who hide in a barrel)who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard . Taken blindfolded to the secret room of the mastermind , he gives them orders on who to kill and how . Uncovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John for it will lead them to the truth they seek in regards to the murders and why they are happening . Under suspicion are girls ' dormitory headmistress , her author brother , a sweaty , incredibly nervous chemistry teacher , a snooping gardener , and the Bannister . Some are red herrings until they are disposed of , throwing the viewer for a loop each time until the real mastermind is discovered . The ending features multiple twists . < br /><br />Out of the Krimi films I 've seen , THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a giallo with it 's colorful killer , a convoluted plot yielding lots of surprises and potential suspects , & sordid shenanigans between adults and the college girls at the dormitory . I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Krimi film with the villain mastermind 's secret hideout with an alligator pit( .. which is n't used ) , the fake bible / water pistol , when opened , fires the gas into the face of startled victims , the Greaves ' Royles Royce which has latches that cause flaps to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat , and the peep holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming . Many might consider Sir John a liability due to his bumbling , buffoonish behavior and how he often undermines Higgins ' abilities to get at the truth( .. perhaps poking fun at know - it - all British inspectors who harm a case more than solve it) .. I felt he was used as comedy relief , particularly with his attempts at psychoanalyzing suspects and potential victims , often misunderstanding what are told to him . Higgins , using the skills adopted over his years as an investigator , instead follows the clues / facts , often avoiding Sir John as much as possible . Capable direction by the reliable Alfred Vohrer who keeps the pace humming at a nice speed , and the screenplay is full of interesting characters and lurid content .. the fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect , any of them might be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind those murdered girls ' executions . I 'd say this may be one of the best( .. if not the best)examples of the Krimi genre , for it keeps you guessing , always one more ace up it 's sleeve .. the revelations unearthed at the very end are quite eye - opening( .. and , you even get a literal unmasking of the real mastermind pulling the strings to top it all off ) .
1 Kudos to Fawcett to taking on roles that , at the time were considered controversial . To my recollection , rape was still a taboo subject in the 1980 's , and women 's rights and emotions were rarely so deeply examined during that time.<br /><br />Fawcett is simply a woman who is followed , then stalked by actor James Russo . He is adequate as the obsessed psychopath , but at times a bit transparent.<br /><br />Diana Scarwid has a bit role , as does Alfre Woodard as the house mate . Woodard worries about the legal consequences when Fawcett , the rape victim , takes revenge on the culprit . The scene where she throws a frying pan of hot oil at Russo is classic , and as the rapist he deserves it . She then keeps him in bondage , and the consequences must be faced.<br /><br />A very real story reflecting the emotions and rage of rape victims who have been violated , physically , and mentally . Highly recommended . 8/10 .
1 Marjorie ( a splendid and riveting performance by Farrah Fawcett ) narrowly avoids being assaulted in her car by vicious serial rapist Joe ( superbly played with frightening conviction and intensity by James Russo ) . However , Joe steals her wallet and finds out where Marjorie lives . He pays her a visit one fateful day . After subjecting Marjorie to plenty of degradation and psychological abuse , Marjorie manages to turn the tables on Joe and locks him in the fireplace . What is Marjorie going to do with Joe ? Director Robert M. Young and screenwriter William Mastrosimone concoct a harsh , gritty and often disturbing morality tale that astutely nails the stark brutality and painful debasement of rape while also showing how any person when pushed to extremes is capable of shocking acts of violence and inhumanity . Joe perceives women strictly as objects while Marjorie only sees Joe as an " animal . " However , this movie to its admirable credit refuses to make Joe out to be simply a vile one - dimensional creep ; instead he 's a terrifyingly real and ultimately pitiable human monster with a wife and kid ( Joe 's climactic confession in particular is genuinely poignant ) . Fawcett and Russo are both outstanding in the leads ; they receive fine support from Diana Scarwid as the passive Terry , Alfre Woodard as the sensible Patricia , and Sandy Martin as sympathetic policewoman Officer Sudow . Both Curtis Clark 's agile cinematography and J.A.C. Redford 's shivery , skin - crawling score greatly enhance the considerable claustrophobic tension . A real powerhouse .
1 I loved this excellent movie . Farrah Fawcett played the part phenomenally and with good heart . She plays a woman who is driven to extreme measures to protect herself and her friends after she is attacked by a stranger . After being rejected by the police she realizes she is on her own.<br /><br />Then one day when she at home alone the stranger breaks into her home and attacks her again . Not being about to call the police or get him out she is forced to spray him in the eyes and imprisons him in her fireplace.<br /><br />I think there is a need for a wake up call to the laws of the land . They are too easy on these criminals . It 's time for more harsh punishments .
1 Having looked at some of the other comments here , I have a main complaint with this presentation . < br /><br />The two primary characters are attractive in their own ways - the beautiful " victim , " and the handsome , obviously extremely " off - center , " blue - collar protagonist ( if just short of " totally - deranged " ) - take turns beating the hell out of each other , sort of like a Caucasian Kabuki scenario.<br /><br />This is all right , and this is , of course , mainly a " turning - the - tables " story . However , my referenced complaint is that I believe the director got caught - up in his desire to display Farrah 's well - known and obvious physical attributes . Beginning with her being enticingly clad in a thin robe , and with a number of scenes displaying more than needed for any dramatic effect - while immensely pleasing to the eyes , these distract from the poignancy level of the drama.<br /><br />Her roommates I 'm certain give performances as written and directed - however , their respective skepticism and histrionic babbling and sobbing , do n't ring true -- based upon Farrah 's previous experience with this guy , the obvious evidence of his having come to their premises with only the worst of intentions , and that she would have absolutely no grounds to be exaggerating what has occurred.<br /><br />But this is a film and story , compelling as much in spite of , as because of , the director 's work .
1 This move actually had me jumping out of my chair in anticipation of what the actors were going to do ! The acting was the best , Farrah should have gotten a Oscar for this she was fabulous . James Russo was so good I hated him he was the villain and played it wonderful . There are n't many movies that have riveted me as this one . The cast was great Alfie looking shocked with those big eyes Farrah looking like a victim and you re - lived her horror as she went through it . Farrah made you feel like you were there and feeling the same anger she felt you wanted her to hurt him , yet you also knew it was the wrong thing to do . The movie had you on a roller coaster ride and you went up and down with each scene .
1 Marjorie , a young woman who works in a museum and lives with two female roommates , Pat and Terry . One night she gets in her car and is attacked by masked man with a knife . His plan is to rape her , but she manages to escape . The man has her purse . The police ca n't help her , since the actual rape did n't happen . Then one day , when Marjorie 's roommates are at work , her assailant comes there . His name is Joe . A long battle begins against this man . But then she manages to spray his eyes and mouth with insect repellent , stuff that will kill him if he wo n't get help soon . She ties him up and makes Joe the subject of the same kind of physical and mental assaults he used on her earlier . The Extremities ( 1986 ) is directed by Robert M. Young . It 's based on the controversial off - Broadway play from 1982 by William Mastrosimone . Farrah Fawcett , who sadly lost her battle with cancer last year , is terrific as Marjorie . James Russo , who played the attacker also in the play , is convincing as Joe . Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid are great as Pat and Terry . James Avery is seen as Security Guard . She got a Golden Globe nomination . This is not a movie that is supposed to entertain you . It asks a question is revenge justified . This is not a perfect movie , but I recommend it .
1 Attractive Marjorie(Farrah Fawcett)lives in fear after being accosted by a lone biker . She is mortally shaken with the fact her attacker knows her address . As expected , Joe(James Russo ) , the attacker forces his way into Marjorie 's home and subjects her to humiliating terror . Bruised and bloody , Marjorie manages to get an upper hand on her attacker , knocking the living daylights out of the jerk and renders him helpless thanks to wasp spray in his eyes and throat . Hog tied and battered himself , Joe tries to explain himself to Marjorie 's roommates(Diana Scarwid and Alfrie Woodard ) when they get home . There is almost a hint of mercy , but it is not coming from Marjorie . Should she continue to render her own punishment ? Violence , sexual abuse and rough language makes for an R rating . Fawcett really gets away from the ditsy roles that would forever stain her career . Kudos to director Robert M. Young .
1 I 've never been a fan of Farrah Fawcett ... Until now . She was truly amazing in this movie . The emotion she must have gone through shooting re - take after re - take does n't bare thinking about . This was a very hard movie to watch , the subject matter is decidedly unpleasant and you feel so helpless just sitting and watching a woman being abused for what seems like an eternity . I actually felt that the whole thing deflated somewhat when her friends returned to the house and I did n't find the conclusion at all plausible . The director seemed very keen in using height in his shots and loved using mirror reflections , I believe he should have paid more attention to the pace in the second half of this piece . I 'm sure this makes a heck of a powerful piece of theatre , this movie for me , although it had merit , just fell short .
1 Farrah Fawcett gives the best performance by an actress on film in this gritty real life attempted rape thriller where she turns the tables & gives James Russo a taste of his own medicine . A must see for any movie fan .
1 Farrah Fawcett gives an award nominated performance as an attempted rape victim who turns the tables on her attacker . This movie not only makes you examine your own morals , it proves that Fawcett can excel as a serious actress both as a victim and victor .
1 Meek , tiny , almost insignificant . Polanski finds the invisibility of his characters and makes something enormous out of it . In front and behind the camera he creates one of the most uncomfortable masterpieces I had the pleasure to see and see and see again . It never let 's me down . People , even people who know me pretty well , thought / think there was / is something wrong with me , based on my attraction , or I should say , devotion for " Le Locataire " They may be right , I do n't know but there is something irresistibly enthralling within Polanski 's darkness and I have n't even mentioned the humor . The mystery surrounding the apartment and the previous tenant , the mystery that takes over him and , naturally , us , me . That building populated by great old Academy Award winners : Melvyn Douglas , Shelley Winters , Jo Van Fleet , Lila Kedrova . For anyone who loves movies , this is compulsory viewing . One , two , three , many , many viewings .
1 Roman Polanski is considered as one of the most important directors of our time , as the mind behind classics such as " Rosemary 's Baby " and " Chinatown " . Probably what makes Polanski 's cinema a very interesting one is the fact that while he is capable of creating commercially attractive films such as the afore mentioned masterpieces , he is also fond of making low - key movies that are of a more personal nature . " Le Locataire " , or " The Tenant " , is one of those movies ; a horror / suspense story about paranoia and obsession that is among his best works and probably among the best horror movies ever done.<br /><br />Polanski himself plays Telkovsky , a young man looking for an apartment in France . When he finally finds one , he discovers that it is empty because the previous tenant , Simone Choule , attempted to kill herself by jumping out of the window . After Simone dies of the injuries , Trelkovsky begins to become obsessed with her , to the point of believing that her death was caused by the rest of the tenants in the building.<br /><br />While sharing the same claustrophobic feeling of his other " apartment - themed " films ( " Repulsion & " Rosemary 's Baby " ) ; this film focuses on the bizarre conspiracy that may or may not be entirely in Trelkovsky 's head , the catastrophic effects the paranoia has on his mind , and the bizarre obsession he has with the previous tenant.<br /><br />Trelkovsky 's descend into darkness is portrayed perfectly by Polanski . While at first his performance seems odd and wooden , slowly one finds out that Polanski acts that way because Trelkovsky is meant to be acted that way ; as a simpleton with almost no life , who traps himself in this maddening sub - world that happens to be inhabited by a collection of bizarre people . The supporting actors really gave life to the people in the building creating memorable characters that are very important for the success of the film.<br /><br />Also , the beautiful cinematography Polanski employs in the film helps to increase the feeling of isolation , and gives life to the beautiful building that serves as cage for Trelkovsky . The haunting images Polanski uses to convey the feeling of confusion and madness are of a supernatural beauty that makes them both frightening and attractive.<br /><br />If a flaw is to be found in the film , is that it is definitely a bit slow at first . this may sound like a turn - off but in fact the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly as it mimics Trelkovsky 's own boring life and how gradually he enters a different realm . Also , the convoluted storyline is definitely not an easy one to understand due to the many complex layers it has . However , more than a flaw , it is a joy to face a thought - provoking plot like this one.<br /><br />While " The Tenant " may not be for everyone , those interested in psychological horror and surreal story lines will be pleased by the experience . " Le Locataire " is really one of Roman Polanksi 's masterpieces . 10/10
1 I once lived with a roommate who attempted suicide , and our apartment was in a building where you could get a fifty dollar noise violation for sneezing after midnight - so , needless to say , I can easily relate to Polanski 's " The Tenant . " < br /><br />But I also enjoy the film for other reasons . I 'm not sure that it works , on the whole - the Polanski character 's descent into paranoia and madness , which takes up the final half hour or so , seems rather jarring and bizarre . Ebert , for one , was totally unconvinced , and he slapped the movie with a vicious one - star review . But I think that individual scenes and moments work beautifully , so even though I do n't quite understand the whole film - what does Egyptology have to do with it , for example ? - I still have an overall positive impression of it.<br /><br />I love the obnoxious friend portrayed by Bernard Fresson , for example . God , how many times have I settled for having stupid friends like that instead of no friends at all ! I love the movie theater scene - the funniest " making out " moment in the history of film , I 'd say . And boy , do I love Isabelle Adjani - she 's so foxy in this movie , it 's almost unbelievable . And she gives a great performance , as always.<br /><br />Polanski is a good actor , too ; I do n't agree with the occasional disparaging remarks made about his performance here . His character is supposed to be low - key and thoughtful , so his low - key performance fits . I , for one , found him perfectly sympathetic - though he did lose me a bit when he started dressed in drag for no clearly discernible reason.<br /><br />Yes , the movie 's obscure . And slow . But it captures the alienating qualities of apartment living - something I 've done entirely too much of - so I dig it . It 's funny how all you need is a common reference point , and suddenly a weirdo movie like this becomes deeply significant ! Definitely worth picking up for pocket change on DVD .
1 This is one creepy movie . Creepier than anything David Lynch , and that shows what a great director Polanski is since this is not his usual type of work , and it is BRILLIANT.<br /><br />It all starts of with Trelkovski moves into a tenement block in Paris . He soon learns that the previous tenant , a young woman , committed suicide and he believes the rest of the people living there drove her to it . He also believes that they are trying to do the same to him . What results is a amazing and frightening look at paranoia.<br /><br />The whole production has classical horror written all over it : from the imagery to the music the viewer can feel poor Trelkovski 's terror building up.<br /><br />Are they all out to kill him ? Or maybe just drive him mad ? Is there a difference ? Find out for yourself . 10/10
1 After his classic film noir homage Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the themes that had given him his greatest hits in the 60s with this creepy psychological horror which , like Repulsion and Rosemary 's Baby , deals with the paranoia and claustrophobia generated by apartment living.<br /><br />Claustrophobic environments are the ones which Polanski is best at creating , and this has to be the most suffocating and confined picture he ever created . The emphasis on side walls and distant vanishing points is greater than ever , and even in the small number of exterior scenes the sky is rarely glimpsed . But The Tenant is not just confined spatially , but also in the intensity with which it focuses on its protagonist . Trelkovsky , played by Polanski himself is not only in every scene , he is in virtually every shot . When he is not on screen more often than not the camera becomes Trelkovsky 's point of view . And of course almost everywhere he looks he sees his own reflection staring back at him in a mirror.<br /><br />I ca n't think of any film that is more about the internalisation and solitude of one character . Some psychological thrillers , like M or Peeping Tom , manipulate us into feeling sorry for the mentally ill protagonist . Others , like Psycho , attempt in - depth scientific analysis of his mental condition . The Tenant fits into neither of these categories – it simply immerses us completely inside Trelkovsky 's experience without demanding we actually understand or appreciate what is going on inside his head . We feel his paranoia and obsession even though it is constantly revealed to us that they are irrational.<br /><br />Polanski was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror film . Often in his horrors there is an ambiguity as to whether there is actually anything sinister going on , but they are among the most effective at frightening audiences . Why ? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and invest so much time in painstakingly setting up situations that they immerse the viewer in paranoia . A much later Polanski horror , The Ninth Gate is a bit of a mess plot - wise but at least it still manages to achieve that creeping sense of dread.<br /><br />This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in a major role . His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind it , and he is absolutely perfect as the meek Trelkovsky . Another standout performance is that of the all - too - often overlooked Shelley Winters as the concierge . In actual fact it is rather a stellar cast , although many of the familiar faces look out of place in this strange , Gothic European movie . Also sadly many of the French actors in supporting roles are atrociously dubbed in the English language version.<br /><br />The Tenant is more polished and less pretentious than Repulsion , but it lacks the suspense and the character that make Rosemary 's Baby so engrossing and entertaining . The Tenant is good , with no major flaws , and Polanski was really on top form as a director , but it 's not among his most gripping works .
1 What can be said , really ... " The Tenant " is a first - class thriller wrought with equal amounts of suspense and full - blown paranoia . It 's an intricately - plotted film -- every detail seems included for a reason -- even though the plot seldom makes sense , and much of it is never even addressed in an objective manner . Therefore we are left with the increasingly unstable Trelkovsky ( Polanski)--a meek Polish man who has obtained an apartment due to the previous tenant 's suicide -- to guide us through a world of escalating fear and uncertainty . After an apartment - warming party thrown by a group of obnoxious coworkers , Trelkovsky comes under increased , seemingly inexplicable scrutiny by the fellow occupants in his building ; the rest of the film chronicles his mental deterioration and gives us a thorough mindfu*k on par with the later efforts of David Lynch . " The Tenant , " however , is more brooding and sinister , laced with unexpected comic relief , fine performances , and a truly haunting score . It 's a movie that 's better experienced than described , so hop to it .
1 A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia . Extremely well done and Polanski performs well as the diffident introvert trying hard to adapt to his dingy Paris lodgings and his fellow lodgers . Horrifying early on because of the seeming mean and self obsessed fellow tenants and horrifying later on as he develops his defences which will ultimately be his undoing . Personally I could have done without the cross dressing element but I accept the nod to Psycho and the fact that it had some logic , bearing in mind the storyline . Nevertheless it could have worked without and would have removed the slightly theatrical element , but then maybe that was intended because the courtyard certainly seems to take on the look of a theatre at the end . I ca n't help feel that there are more than a few of the director 's own feelings of not being a ' real ' Frenchman and Jewish to boot . Still , there is plenty to enjoy here including a fine performance from a gorgeous looking Isabelle Adjani and good old Shelly Winters is as reliable as ever .
1 It took a long time until I could find the title in a special videothek in Berlin , and I was lucky to find an english version with hollandish undertitles . I think it´s one of the best horrormovies ever . It seems strange for me that some people call this movie a black comedy . I must admit , I wasn´t able to laugh about , when I saw it the first time ( and it was the same with the second time ! ) On the one hand Trelkovski seems so nice and even cute in his shy behaviour , but on the other hand he beats this boy on the playground and there is no explanation for that . But the most weired thing is of course his transformation in Simone Choule and the fact , that he doesn´t know , who he really is . His halluzinations are the most terrifying in this movie . Of course it´s all in his mind , but is it this flat that brings out this female side of him or was it also before he moved in - I think that´s an interesting question . His shizophrenic behaviour is hard to understand and it´s horrible to see his two sides or identities fighting against each other . The result of it is that he cuts his hand first and later jumps out of his / her window . But this terrible cry - does that mean , that all will repeat again and again and again ... that his soul is in a cage or something ? And these egyptian hieroglyphs and other egyptian stuff ? The fact , that he / she looks like a mummy in the Hospital - that´s not an incident , but a clue in my point of view .
1 I 'm a pretty old dude , old enough to remember the taste of Oreos and Coke as they were 50 - 55 years ago , when every taste for a kid was fresh . I wish I have somehow set some aside then is some magical suspended locker , so that I could taste those things today . This magical locker might even have adjusted the fabric of the food to account for how I 've drifted , physically and otherwise , a sort of dynamic chemistry of expectations . Over the half century , they would have had to adjust quite a bit , because you see I would have known that I set them aside . Eating one now would be a celebration of self and past , and story , and sense that would almost make the intervening years an anticipated reward.<br /><br />I did n't have enough sense to do that with original Coke . And I could n't have invented one of those magical psychic lockers — not then . But I did something almost as good . In the seventies , I really tuned into Roman Polanski . He was a strange and exotic pleasure — you know , movies smuggled out of the Soviet block . Movies so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks afterward . Movies that make you want to live with Polish women , one , and then deciding that they would be the last to get it.<br /><br />Here 's what I did . I took what I knew would be my favorite Polanski movie and set it aside . I did not watch it . I deferred until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it . Over the years , I would test myself , my ability to surround beauty and delineate it without occupying it . There probably are few Poles who have worked at this , practicing to deserve Chopin . Working to deserve womanness when I see it . Trying to get the inners from the edges.<br /><br />Recently , I achieved something like assurance that it was time to pull this out . I already knew that I was already past the time when this would work optimally , because I had already seen and understood " 9th Gate." < br /><br />If you do not know this , it is about a man who innocently rents a room in which the previous tenant ( about whom the story is named ) jumped out the window , to die later after this man ( played by Polanski ) visits . What happens is that time folds and he becomes this woman . We are fooled into believing that he is merely mad . But the way we follow him , he is not . He merely has flashes that the world is normal , and that the surrounding people are not part of a coven warping his reality.<br /><br />The story hardly matters . What matters is how Polanksi shapes this thing , both in the way he inhabits the eye that only makes edges and in inhabiting the body that only consists of confused flesh . The two never meet . There is a dissonance that may haunt me for the next 30 years . Its the idea about and inside and an outside with no edges at all — at all except a redhead wig.<br /><br />I know of no one else that could do this , this sketch that remains a sketch , this horror that remains natural.<br /><br />To understand the genius of this , you have to know one of the greatest films ever made ; " Rear Window . " The genius of that film is the post - noir notion that the camera shapes the world ; that the viewer creates the story . What Roman does is take this movie and turn it inside out . In Rear Window , the idea was that the on - screen viewer ( Jimmy Stewart ) was the anchor and everything else was fiction , woven as we watched . Here , the on screen apartment dweller is the filmmaker . We know this . We know that everything we see is true because he is the narrator . We know it is true that bodies shift identity , that times shift , that causality is plastic . We know that the narrator will kill us . We know that the narrator will leave us in a perpetual horror , on that edge that he imputes but never shows us and lets us imagine . < br /><br />Ted 's Evaluation -- 4 of 3 : Every cineliterate person should experience this .
1 In Paris , the shy and insecure bureaucrat Trelkovsky ( Roman Polanski ) rents an old apartment without bathroom where the previous tenant , the Egyptologist Simone Choule ( Dominique Poulange ) , committed suicide . The unfriendly concierge ( Shelley Winters ) and the tough landlord Mr. Zy ( Melvyn Douglas ) establish stringent rules of behavior and Trekovsky feels ridden by his neighbors . Meanwhile he visits Simone in the hospital and befriends her girlfriend Stella ( Isabelle Adjani ) . After the death of Simone , Trekovsky feels obsessed for her and believes his landlord and neighbors are plotting a scheme to force him to also commit suicide . < br /><br />The weird " Le Locataire " is a disturbing and creepy tale of paranoia and delusion . The story and the process of madness and loss of identity of the lonely Trelkovsky are slowly developed in a nightmarish atmosphere in the gruesome location of his apartment , and what is happening indeed is totally unpredictable . The performances are awesome and Isabelle Adjani is extremely beautiful . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " O Inquilino " ( " The Tenant " )
1 I saw this film at a time when I was timidly toying with the idea of moving into my own apartment and starting life on my own . Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously . I believed totally in the poor character 's psychological degradation inside a Paris of perpetual construction sites , dust , squalor , selfishness , rudeness , malice and decay . I 'm giving all the credit to Polanski 's artistry in his direction , his playing and his inescapable script but I fainted during the horrible final scene and had to be revived by cognac in the office of the theatre 's manager . Luckily for me , my life on my own did n't turn out as disastrous as this ( so far ) but I have always kept a great respect for an artist who can perform such illusions and so totally immerse himself in the ( fake ) reality he is trying to convey . Simply put , the man is a genius of the first order and a credit to the human race . This film is the sum of many , many instances of great acting and great casting . As some performances were done in English ( the scenes with Shelley Winters and Melvyn Douglas among others ) and others in French ( with most other characters ) and Polanski did his own dubbing in English and French , I heartily recommend , if you happen to be bilingual , to switch the audio from French to English and vice - versa , during the appropriate scenes while watching the magnificent transfer on Paramount DVD . This film is part of Polanski 's so - called " apartment building trilogy " which also comprises " Repulsion " and " Rosemary 's Baby " . Unfortunately , " Repulsion " still has n't made it to a decent DVD transfer in Region 1 . Needless to say , the three films would make a magnificent boxset .
1 Roman Polanski masterfully directs this sort of a variation on the same theme as Repulsion . I ca n't imagine there is one honest movie goer not able to acknowledge the fine director in Le Locataire , yet both parts of the dyptic may not be thoroughly satisfactory to most people , myself included.<br /><br />Polanski is very good at making us feels the inner torture of his characters ( Deneuve in Repulsion and himself in Le Locataire ) , starting with some lack of self - assurance soon to turn gradually into psychological uneasiness eventually blossoming into an irreversible physical malaise . The shared ordeal for the characters and audience is really dissimilar from the fright and tension of horror movies since there 's no tangible supernatural element here . While horror movies allow for some kind of catharsis ( be it cheap or more elaborate ) Polanski sadistically tortures us and , if in his latter opus the dark humour is permanent , we are mostly on our nerves as opposed to on the edge of our seats.<br /><br />Suspense , horror , all this is a matter of playing with the audience 's expectations ( alternatively fooling and fulfilling them ) , not literally with people 's nerves . In my book Rosemary 's Baby is a far greater achievement because sheer paranoia and plain rationality are in constant struggle : the story is about a couple moving in a strange flat , while we are forced to identify with a sole character . What 's more if the fantasy elements are all in the hero 's mind the situation is most uncomfortable since we , the viewers , are compelled to judge him , reject him while we have been masterfully lured ( " paint ' n lure " ) into being him .
1 When this film opened back in 1976 , legend has that it was met with massive jeering and disdain --- it was widely considered a failure . I vividly remember Ebert giving it one star and it was supposedly booed at Cannes.<br /><br />Apparently these people did n't understand the movie , which is not that hard to comprehend since it 's very esoteric , dark , and layered in ways that still astound me . Reading through many of the reviews here I find ( even after about 7 - 8 viewings over the years ) many elements of the film I had previously glossed over . But even without understanding much the psychological underpinnings of the story , it 's still a cracking suspenser ... even if you just take the escalating paranoia and persecution that overtakes Polanski 's title character like a tsunami wave over the course of it 's two hour running time.<br /><br />Examining the source material --- an excellent novella by underrated novelist Roland Topor --- uncovers more intriguing layers . Polanski 's Trekovsky is a milquetoast of the highest order . Though he seems at first to be yet another mild everyday soul , one gradually realizes he is one of those people who seems to aimlessly drift through life , letting it direct him . He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes . He finds himself gently pushed this way and that , but never seems to get too bent out of shape regardless . This vague sort of wishy - washy - ness is more noticeable in the novel than the movie , but there are hints of it early in the film too.<br /><br />Making a play for the apartment of a woman , one Mademouiselle Choule , who is in the hospital recovering from a recent suicide attempt , appears to be the most daring thing he has attempted ( even effectively haggling down the price of the deposit in the bargain ) . He soon finds , however , that he is paying for his " good thing " in more ways than he cares , as he finds himself in the center of maelstrom created by a building full of neurotic , control freaks who are hypersensitive to even the slightest sign of human life , such as a footstep in the night or a knock on the door.<br /><br />Instead of taking a stand though , Trelkovsky becomes increasingly alienated by the situation , and overtaken by paranoia and a sense of persecution . He becomes obsessed with Choule , imagining himself to be like her , dressing like her , etc . as his own personality rapidly begins to be wiped away by his own insanity.<br /><br />If anyone has ever doubted Polanski 's fearlessness as an artist , they 'd be well - advised to see this film . His trademark black humor is prominently ( and sometimes embarrassingly ) on display here and --- god bless him --- he makes himself the butt of it . It 's a tour de force performance in one of the richest , riskiest , most Gothic horror movies ever made . That more people have n't seen it is a true crime .
1 Sure , he became rapidly uneven after this film , but from " Knife In the Water " up till " The Tenant " , Roman Polanski could always be counted on to deliver something fascinating and unique . Despite many running themes ( alienation , paranoia ) , no two of his films are really alike . The story of this is somewhat similar to his own " Repulsion " from ten years earlier , but the tone is completely different . " The Tenant " manages to balance darker than dark absurdity ( I 'm a bit hesitant on calling it humor , even though the protagonists bizarre behavior and dialog was occasionally funny ) with some truly suspenseful paranoia . Polanski was always a master at building unease , and moments in this film are almost unbearably creepy . The overall weirdness of the film is also a plus.<br /><br />In addition to Polanski 's exquisite as usual direction , the rest of the cast and crew offer great contributions . Polanski the actor is often overshadowed by Polanski the director , but his performance here truly captures his characters awkwardness and sense of being an outcast . The themes of social discrimination make this film more than just strangeness for the sake of being strange . The rest of the cast offers strong performances also , especially Isabelle Adjani 's sympathetic turn , and Melyvn Douglas and Shelley Winters ' appropriately annoying ones . " The Tenant " is often underrated because of how ready people are to heap praise on both " Repulsion " and " Rosemary 's Baby " , but its just as brilliant as either of those classics . ( 9/10 )
1 Once I watched The Tenant and interpreted it as a horror movie . It uses many of the tropes of the genre : the sinister apartment , suspicious neighbors , apparitions , mysteries , hallucinations . The life of the hero , Trelkovsky , seemed surrounded by evil , secret forces trying to drive him mad.<br /><br />Last time I watched it I challenged this initial interpretation . If this movie is a horror movie , it 's only horror in the sense that a Kafka novel is horror . In fact this movie can be understood on a literal level as a lonely man slowly becoming crazy without any external influence.<br /><br />Polanski made in his career three movies dealing with madness : Repulsion , which I do n't particularly like because the development of madness in the heroine never convinced me ; Rosemary 's Baby , in which the heroine is driven mad by evil forces ; and The Tenant , which might be the best study of paranoia ever made in cinema.<br /><br />Trelkovsky is a young man who rents an apartment in which a woman killed herself . He becomes obsessed with her and slowly starts becoming her : he wears her clothes , puts on makeup , talks like her . But is he being possessed by a spirit , or is he just letting his wild imagination get the best of him ? It 's this hesitation between what is real and imaginary , and which Polanski never resolves , that makes this such a fascinating movie . Many events in the movie can be attributed to the supernatural as easily as they can be to normal causes , and it 's up to the viewer to decide what to believe in.<br /><br />Although this is not my favorite Polanski movie , it is nevertheless a good example of his ability to create suspense and portray madness in very convincing terms . And technically speaking , it 's a marvel too . Suffice to say he collaborates with film composer Philippe Sarde and legendary director of photography Sven Nykvist ( Bergman 's DP ) in the making of this movie . A slow pacing and sometimes uninteresting segments may make this movie difficult to enjoy , but it 's an experience nevertheless .
1 This is a very difficult movie , and it 's almost impossible to get a handle on what 's going on . At first it seems to be a rather pedestrian movie about a guy ( Trelkovsky ) who needs an apartment and rather crassly invites himself into one when the current tenant ( a woman ) commits suicide . Then the twists and turns start . Are the neighbors trying to kill him ? And why are the dead tenant 's clothes turning up in the apartment ? One wonders , finally , if Trelkovksy _ is _ the prior tenant . < br /><br />SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER < br /><br />One of the tricks Polanski pulls on us is to lie to us . We assume when we see things from the point of view of a character that we see things as the character does and that there may be distortions of reality . We assume when the camera is showing us things from its omniscient point of view that we see actuality - but Polanski has the camera lie to us .
1 This oddity from Roman Polanski clearly shows where his preoccupations lay at the time he made it . Polanski himself plays a timid man who rents a Parisian apartment where the previous tenant committed suicide . He becomes obsessed with discovering what led her to it , to the point that he 's dressing in drag and reenacting events the way they might have unfolded . The movie 's unsettling to a point , and it has that atmosphere of creepy dread that Polanski excels at , but it comes off too much as a rehash of " Rosemary 's Baby " and " Repulsion , " two other better Polanski films that deal with the eerie goings on in moody apartments.<br /><br />But as for the preoccupation .... unless I 'm reading too much into the film , I have to believe that this was Polanksi 's reaction to the feelings of persecution he felt at being labeled a sexual pervert and exiled from America . Not making a judgement about him one way or the other myself , but it 's hard to deny the evidence of that in the movie itself.<br /><br />Grade : B+
1 If you liked Roman Polanski 's " Repulsion " , you should probably check out " The Tenant " since it 's a similar concept , just with Polanski stepping in and playing the schizophrenic wacko . This is actually one of my favorites of his movies - second , after " Rosemary 's Baby " , of course - and is a straight forward journey into the mental collapse of a man who moves into the former apartment of a suicide victim . The other residents of the building are all flaky and sticklers on keeping the noise level down - even the slightest ' titter ' becomes a big deal and Polanski , who stars , becomes increasingly paranoid and succumbs to his loony hallucinations further and further as the film carries on . It gets to the point where he is dressing and acting like the former tenant and you realize it 's only a matter of time before he decides tor re - enact her fatal leap out the window ... The film is a bit slow and dawdling for a while , but if you have ever seen a Roman Polanski movie , you should know it 's going to end with a bang and this flick does n't disappoint . It 's also best if you do n't question the intricacies of the premise and just take it as a descent into madness , because it 's pretty trippy surreal at times . Polanski is very good as the timid , deranged resident who , somehow , attracts the ever illustrious Isabelle Adjani . We also get to see him running around in drag , which is disturbing and hilarious all at the same time ! Damn , he makes for one ugly chick ! So , Polanski fans - who can actually look past his thirty year - old pedophile charges - should enjoy " The Tenant " as an entertaining psychological head - trip ...
1 Here is the example of a film that was not well received when it was made , but whose standing seems to be raising in time . ' The Tenant ' is quite an interesting work by Polanski , one of the first of his European exile . It is set in Paris , and as in so many other exile films the city , its streets , the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place play an important role . It is just that Polanski chooses his principal character not to be an American ( as in ' Frantic ' for example ) but a Pole , as himself was when going West . There is actually a lot of personal commentary in this film , made at what must have been a time of crisis in the director 's life , and the fact that he decided to play the lead role ( and does it masterfully ) may also be seen as some kind of exorcism.<br /><br />It 's in a way a circular story . The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in old Parisian building , inhabited by what seem to be first a well assorted team of grumpy old or just ridiculous neighbors . The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the window of the flat , and Trelkovsky has just the time to visit her in the hospital before she dies and meet there her young and beautiful friend Stella ( a spectacled Isabelle Adjani in her first role after Truffaut 's ' L'histoire d'Adele H. ' ) . Soon the neighbors do not seem to be what they are , it 's a conspiracy to make him crazy , or to make him enter the life and role of the dead girl . He fights , tries to run , enters the game and ends by entering the circle and slowly becoming her . The circle is closed.<br /><br />It 's not the most believable story we may have seen or heard , but the strength of the film does not reside in the story but in the details of the psychology , in the slow degradation of the mental state of the hero , in the permanent balancing game between reality and delusion . To a certain extent it is not what happens on the screen that matters , but how it happens , reminding the classical ' Knife in the Water ' made more than a decade before , at the end of the Polish period of Polanski . There are many details that are never explained , but then this is how mystery films must be and this is actually how life is sometimes . The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer . Unfortunately some of the graphical details in the last part of the film are not too well executed and the English spoken dialogs ( the film was made in English ) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere . However , waiting for the final punch scene is very worth the patience.<br /><br />It 's not the best film that Polanski made , yet has many good parts , it shows the hand and the style of the director , and was a significant step in the building of his career .
1 Roman Polanski plays Trelkovsky who rents an apartment in France . The previous tenant is in a hospital after a suicide attempt . He goes to see her there where he also meets Stella ( Isabelle Adjani ) , the friend of Simone . He and Stella become pretty close . Later Simone dies . Trelkovsky begins to think the landlord and the neighbors are trying to change him into Simone so that eventually he would also jump out of the window . Le Locataire ( The Tenant ) from 1976 is the last film of Polanski 's apartment trilogy . The previous ones were Repulsion and Rosemary 's Baby . Roman Polanski does not do good job only as the director but his acting is also superb . Isabelle Adjani with her big glasses is wonderful . The landlord , Monsieur Zy is played by the great Melvyn Douglas . Jo Van Fleet plays Madame Dioz . The fantastic Shelley Winters is The Concierge . The Tenant is something very scary from time to time . It gives a lot of that psychological scare . This film is not the easiest one to understand or explain but that makes it all so fascinating .
1 One thing I 'm sure everyone who has seen this film will agree on is that it is very creepy . The other films in Polanski 's unofficial trilogy are creepy too , but they are all different in what makes them creepy , but they all roughly deal with the same thing , they all deal with the mind . Definitely the staring people are very creepy , each of them sent shivers down my spine that made me incapable of sitting still . Again , if you have seen the other two films mentioned , I 'm sure you 'll find this quite creepy , because you begin to expect typical Polanski traits that you think you have caught onto , he is aware of this and will keep teasing you with simple things , personally every time Trelkovsky would slowly turn around I would be bracing myself for a jump , maybe that 's just me , but it felt intended to do that , though it was quite subtle , there is no build up of the music in those moments.<br /><br />The acting in this was pretty good , mostly that from Polanski of course , the other characters in the film do n't have all that much time to outshine the lead . Polanski really proves himself as an all - round great filmmaker , he not only can direct and write great films , but he can actually act too . I do n't think there is any other better person who could have pulled off the Trelkovsky character , Polanski settled right on in perfectly . I like seeing films where the director is also apart of the main cast , to me it really highlights their fantastic versatility and talent , which I respect greatly.<br /><br />One thing I did n't like about this film is how it was done in English . For those who do n't know , this is a French film , American financed , and as well to make it more commercially successful it was mostly done in English . There are parts which it is very obvious there has been dubbing , and I do n't know why it is , but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub they get the complete wrong person to do the dub . There is a women in the film who when she speaks it 's obvious it 's a dub , but they got the most annoying person to do the voice - over , it was seriously pain to my ears to hear her speak , she had the loudest high pitch voice I 've heard in a while , it almost seemed fake , but I do n't see what the point was , she was a rather small character . I honestly would of preferred if they just left it as it was filmed , parts of it in French and parts of it in English , because the dubbing in this film was a pain and was not near ( two completely different films , I know ) the high standard of another film that did a similar thing , which was , The Good , the Bad and the Ugly . I realise it 's not a big problem , just when you do realise it , it gets annoying , but I 'm sure you wo n't sit there the long trying to lip read what they are actually saying , regardless if you know French.<br /><br />Whats so great about Polanski is that he will let you think you know him , that you know his style , which in some aspects you do , but really , you ca n't see what s behind that corner . This film is a lot more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned , which I think really strengthens this one in particular . I personally feel this is the best of the three , I 'm unsure which comes next , but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness . The ending is fantastic , it is so easy to dwindle on it for a long time to come and get nowhere . I choose not to think to much on it , just to have my personal opinion and leave it at that.<br /><br />I've rambled on , and I have n't really given any insight on what makes this film so great , I do n't think , so I 'll quickly do it here . If you liked Repulsion and/or Rosemary 's Baby , I guarantee you will enjoy this film to say the least . For those who are too unfortunate to have seen either then I recommend you check this film out if your looking for something that is quite a creepy film that is quite intelligent , particularly the end , as well if your looking for something that deals with the mind , paranoia even , though that is better fitted under Repulsion .
1 This is my kind of film . I am fascinated by strange psychotic nightmares and this movie is just that . But it is also a dark comedy . While I see it mostly as a horror / thriller , there will be others who might see it as a black dramatic comedy.<br /><br />But either way , it is a fascinating descent into madness . The ending caught me off guard , but what an ending ! It leaves the viewer a lot to think about.<br /><br />Powerful performances , a complex and detailed plot , a great script filled with dread and dashes of humor , and an eerie atmosphere make this a film worth watching.<br /><br />Personally , I think that I will need to watch this several more times to pick up and understand all the subtleties that are within . But it is such a film that it will be a pleasure and not a chore so to do .
1 This was my second time watching the film ( via the French - language version as opposed to the first , which was dubbed in Italian ) and I feel that it improves on subsequent viewings.<br /><br />A compelling if slowly built - up character study that 's beautifully shot and with the Parisian settings being equally impressive . In the long run , it 's not top - grade Polanski and I would rank it at number 9 in his filmography but it 's still a confident mix of subtle chills and , surprisingly , often broad comedy . It also features a fine cast , all of whom are in good form , but especially Isabelle Adjani , Melvyn Douglas and Jo Van Fleet.<br /><br />Even so , I 'm a bit baffled by the sudden compulsion for Trelkovsky to ' change ' into the previous tenant ; apart from the owner of the café opposite the apartment building , where he is given whatever Simone used to have without asking him if he wished any different , there is little to indicate ( as far as I could discern , anyway ) that this is what everybody wanted of him ! Okay , so he found Simone 's belongings still lying in the apartment but what exactly drove him to wear her dresses and make himself up as her ( even if he apparently started doing this unconsciously ) ? Following his nightmarish visions in the bathroom , the last section of the film ( where Adjani all but disappears ) is almost anti - climactic - especially the scene where the landlord and the other tenants witness his attempted suicide as if it were a night at the Opera , a concept which had already been used 46 years earlier by Jean Cocteau in THE BLOOD OF A POET ( 1930)!<br /><br />The ending , then , is at once predictable and unresolved : just what made the two occupants of this particular apartment jump out of the window ? ! ; I remember this factor bugging me on first viewing as well , and I 'm sorry to say it 's no clearer now ! Mind you , the film 's first two - thirds are pretty solid but I wish that Polanski had been less reliant on obscure plot points throughout .
1 I can understand how fans of filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie- and I could understand how some could totally hate it ( Ebert was one of the few who could n't understand why people were n't running out of the theater ) . After a first viewing , I 'm not sure I could fall into either category , however as someone who ca n't get enough of Kafka and bizarre dark comedies of paranoia The Tenant is effective enough for its running time . Or maybe not- this is one of those cases where it might have been more of a masterwork if it were a half - hour Twilight Zone episode , with Serling delivering the coda as Terkovsky ( or whomever it might be ( ? ) ) writhes in his bed in bandages . It 's very similar in the treatment of the doomed protagonist as Repulsion was , however it could be argued that there was more ambiguity , more of a sense of the surreal coming out through a sustained disintegration of character and location ( and , quite frankly , a better lead performance ) than the Tenant.<br /><br />As it stands , The Tenant does have an intriguing premise , the kind that one does n't tire telling about to other people : Polanski is a Polish émigré to Paris who takes an apartment that was most recently acquired by Simone Choule , who jumped to her near death out of the window and died soon after . But the other tenants are conservative to the max in terms of noise ; after a Saturday night at Terkovsky 's with a few friends , there are complaints of too much noise . It wo n't happen again , Polanski 's good - natured but slightly nervous tenant says , but there is no peace even in moving a cabinet or a chair . Soon complaints get registered against another tenant , but from him ? Can he register complaints ? This is a case of not so much mistaken identity but of there being a lack of peace of mind with oneself and the surrounding people . As the downward spiral goes on , Polanski ratchets up tension ( and , dare I say , black - comedic laughs ) by showing Terkovsky in the midst of a horrible dream- one of Polanski 's strongest scenes from the period- and in finding teeth in the wall , not to mention the bathroom across the way ( which , I might add , is always a cinematic lynch - pin of horror and surreal madness).<br /><br />But somehow , the film never really feels all that significant aside from its excessive design as a would - be mind - f * * * machine , with Terkovsky 's tenants only seeming to not be what they seem for a little while : there 's not as much suspense when finding out that they really are n't out to get him , which makes the paranoia more self - fulfilling . At least once or twice I thought to myself as well ' why did Polanski take the title role for himself ? ' It 's not that he 's at all a bad actor , and he has appeared in several films and plays that are n't of his own direction . But aside from being great at looking awkward and tense , like in the church , or in his moments of sort of flipping out when thinking that they really are out to get him to kill himself , his transformation is less creepy than tongue - in - cheek , a test of himself to see if he can pull it off , which he does n't entirely do . Despite Polanski working at it well to look like the meek and frazzled Terkovsky , I could see at least a few other actors who could pull it off with more subtlety and affecting personality . By the time one sees him in drag , it goes between cringe - worthy and true camp , particularly when he goes for the double - climax at the end ( which , of course , is of little surprise).<br /><br />And yet there is pleasure for the film - buff and Polanski fan to see the supporting cast try and dig into the much more ambiguous characters ( Winters and Douglas do this the best , even as they have to strain through limited characters ) , and the unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani getting hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie , or when he gets really drunk , or in one almost random scene where he slaps a kid near a fountain , are rather brilliant in and of themselves . It 's a very good film , and one that could maybe stick my attention up when on too many coffees after midnight . But an essential film ? Not exactly .
1 " Le Locataire"("The Tenant")is without a doubt one of the most important horror movies ever made . Polanski stars as a Trelkovsky , a timid file clerk living in Paris , who answers an advertisement for an apartment , only to find that the previous tenant attempted suicide by leaping from the apartment window . Trelkovsky is compelled to visit her in the hospital and there he meets Stella(Isabelle Adjani).Trelkovsky immediately moves in when the previous tenant dies and , at first , is quite pleased with having found such a nice apartment . His happiness is soon replaced by waves of paranoia as he becomes increasingly suspicious of his neighbours , who seem to be trying to provoke Trelkovsky into repeating the previous tenant 's suicide . This film is great . Polanski manages to create a surreal atmosphere of dread and paranoia . Plenty of brilliant moments such as the classic scene where Trelkovsky discovers the previous tenant 's tooth in a hole in the wall , or the fever dream where he wanders into the building 's bathroom to find the walls covered with hieroglyphics . The photography by Sven Nykvist is truly beautiful."The Tenant " is a neglected gem . It may be difficult to track down , but it is more than worth the effort .
1 " The Tenant " is Roman Polanski 's greatest film IMO . And I love " Chinatown " , but this one is so much more original and unconventional and downright creepy . It 's also a great black comedy . Some people I have shown this film to have been * very disturbed * by it afterwards so be forewarned it does affect some people that way . Polanski does a great job acting the lead role in " The Tenant " as well as directing it .
1 Polanski returns to the themes of solitude and madness which he explored to such tremendous effect in Repulsion and Rosemary 's Baby , in The Tenant.<br /><br />The atmosphere is trademark Polanski - dark , brooding , unnerving - but there is something awkward about this movie and I am not sure whether or not it is deliberate.<br /><br />Sven Nykvist , who was responsible for some of Bergman 's most beautiful films , does n't quite do himself justice here . As his name was one of the things which really attracted me to this movie , I was a little disappointed in how few instances of truly impressive cinematography are in the film.<br /><br />The only thing that really lets the movie down is the acting . Polanski is certainly not a bad actor , but he seems to have bitten off more than he can chew with the difficult role of Trelkovsky . Some of the supporting cast are great , notably Melvyn Douglas as the landlord and Shelley Winters as the concierge , but others are weak and miscast . It is also hard to get past the fact that all these supposed Parisians have American accents.<br /><br />Quite unexpectedly , there are some fine moments of dark comedy in the film . Anyone who has seen The Fearless Vampire Killers knows that Polanski is certainly a good comedic actor . However , there are moments when it slips dangerously close to being a parody of itself . Trelkovsky 's sudden ( and somewhat unexplained ) ' transformation ' is more likely to raise giggles than eyebrows , which detracts from what should have been a powerful moment in his psycho - dramatic journey.<br /><br />All in all , The Tenant is an enjoyable and intriguing experience , if a little too languorous for its own good . There 's a handful of exceptionally chilling moments and a consistently uncomfortable and foreboding atmosphere but this film , while being very good , does not quite hit the mark as successfully as it could have.<br /><br />Alas , at the end of the day , an ' okay ' Polanski movie is still better than most other ' good ' movies . Definitely worth a watch , just do n't expect to be blown away .
1 Ecstasy ( 1933 ) ( USA 1940 ) Starring Hedy Lamarr ( as Hedy Kiesler)<br /><br />The world 's first glimpse of a 19 year - old Hedy Lamarr occurs in the early moments of this 1930 's treasure as she sweeps across the screen in an angelic wedding gown . This was to be the start of a legendary career . This was our glorious introduction to the most beautiful woman ever to grace the silver screen.<br /><br />It is Eva 's ( Lamarr ) wedding night and her older husband seems uninterested in her romantic advances . She retreats to the lonely bed and , in a beautiful scene , she fiddles with her wedding ring as the realization of her marital mistake overcomes her . The husband seems more interested in neatness and order than he does in love . Gustav Machaty uses gorgeous camera angles and pristine shot framing to capture Lamarr 's considerable talent and beauty . With no words spoken in the early part of the film , she is able to grasp our sympathy , our hearts and our support . It is that combination that prepared the 1930 's audiences for what they were about to see as the film unfolded . ' Ecstasy ' was considered shocking for its time ... Some thought it to be scandalous.<br /><br />She returns home to her father 's estate and files for divorce . The next day , she wakes with a complete sense of freedom and happiness . She just has to go outside and feel the freedom of the countryside and fresh air . Eva goes for a horseback ride and happens across a beautiful lake . And in one of the most famous scenes in film history , Hedy Lamarr became the first person to ever appear nude in a major film . Her frolic in the woods and her skinny - dipping adventure in the lake were legendarily scandalous . But the audiences could n't stay away . As with many of today 's movies , the controversy made it a must - see film.<br /><br />Eva 's mischievous adventure introduces her to a handsome young man who helps her find her horse , who had run off with her clothes . After an awkward meeting , they eventually fall for each other . Their first romantic rendezvous was almost as controversial as the nude scene , with its blatant waves of eroticism . However , Machaty does beautiful work in these romantic moments . Machaty creates one delightful moment , when Eva literally seems to sink into her new lover , using a gorgeous early camera trick.<br /><br />It can not be overstated how brave this performance was on Lamarr 's part . Many might have presumed it was career suicide . Instead , it gained her worldwide fame and caught the eye Louis B Mayer , who signed her to a contract with MGM . There are some truly erotic moments in this film , even by today 's raunchy standards . It is impossible to imagine how they were received in the 1930 's . Again , Machaty was very clever with his imagery , leaving a lot to the imagination . But we all understand very well what we are seeing and it is supremely well done.<br /><br />The meeting of Eva 's former husband and her current lover is perhaps inevitable . However , the consequences of that meeting are not . The film takes a few unexpected turns in its final act and it all makes for a great story and a lovely debut on the grand stage of movie stardom for Hedy Lamarr.<br /><br />I highly recommend this once controversial , now tame film and urge you to seek it out in its restored form on DVD . It is easily worthwhile , if only for the pleasure of seeing Hedy Lamarr . But the story is compelling too and the direction is ahead of its time . ' Ecstasy ' is a memorable early treasure.<br /><br />www.tccandler.com - TC Candler 's Movie Reviews ! ! !
1 This film could have been a silent movie ; it certainly has the feel of one . I was extremely , extremely lucky to see this very rare version of this film . Extase , is a ' symphony of love ' , and transcends all language versions . French , which is the ultimate romantic language , seems quite suitable for this very sensual and lyrical version . A young Hedy Lamarr lights up the screen , in this film which , in a way is almost like a sex fantasy ; but definitely far from being pornographic . Tech qualities may have been a little crude ; but that does not detract from the magical spell this film exudes . Many lovers of early cinema , would absolutely adore this film .
1 Famous for introducing the world to Hedy Lamarr and full frontal nudity , but it 's oh so much more . In fact , this is one of the pinnacles of cinematic poetry , up there with some of the seminal works of 1930s art cinema , in the same prestigious group as Under the Roofs of Paris , Tabu , Olympia , and even L'Atalante . It 's nearly a silent , relying mostly on its miraculous images , and also its fantastic , symphonic score by Giuseppe Becce . It 's a masterpiece of cinematography and music , yes , and also of editing , direction , writing , and acting . A good 90 % of the film moves along perfectly . Machatý seems an expert at using motifs . Perhaps not as subtle as it could be , and perhaps a bit overused , but the appearances of objects like insects , lights , and horses carry the story forward beautifully . The small snatches of dialogue are , thankfully , unintrusive . They do n't jar as much as one would imagine . The final bit is odd , to say the least . Reminiscent of Russian silents , we have a montage of workers . This barely makes sense in the course of the narrative , but it 's so gorgeously done that I refuse to harp too much on that flaw . Ecstasy is a film that is desperately in need of rediscovery . It belongs amongst the best films ever made .
1 The alternate title of Ecstasy , is Symphony of Love ; a title which appropriately describes the mood and feel of the film . Ecstasy is an early talkie , and could have very well been a classic film , if released during the silent film era . This film is a visual treat , and is deliberately paced so the viewer can savour its sensuous lyric quality , which is presented in an artistic low - key fashion . The director 's style is distinctly European . The subject matter and approach to sexuality was far more sophisticated , than what was being produced in Hollywood , at that time . Consider the censorship code in the US , during the 30 's , that pretty much sums it up . Hedy Lamarr , one of the great beauties of all time , was a perfect choice for this ' Symphony of Love . '
1 ( No need to recap the plot , since others have done so already.)<br /><br />It 's understandable that many viewers find fault with the film , raised as we are with the slam - bang sensurround of today 's cineplex experience . Against that background , a movie like Ecstasy appears to have wandered in from another planet . I think there are several worthwhile reasons why.<br /><br />Most importantly , the film unfolds poetically , as the camera pans slowly over surrounding hills , trees , clouds , etc . , providing a serene and lyrical sense of a natural world that integrates the man and woman into its fold . Together these reveal a style and dimension almost totally missing from today 's technology - driven cinema , where rapid - fire editing works to divert audience attention and not to concentrate it . Additionally , the story is conveyed by eye and not by ear , with almost no dialogue to explain what 's happening . This amounts to another extreme departure from today 's very literal fare , where visuals only seem to count when they excite the audience . But perhaps most unsettling-- the movie is sometimes eerily quiet , not in the sense that silent films are quiet since we expect them to be . But in the sense that the characters seldom speak when we expect them to . Thus , the burden of the story is shared between the film - maker and the viewer . The former must choose his visuals artfully so as to convey the narrative , while the latter must think about those visuals , since they 're not going to be explained.<br /><br />None of this is intended to belittle today 's film - making . It 's simply to point out that a movie like Machaty 's comes out of a very different aesthetic from the one we have today . I do n't claim either to be any better or worse . However , I do claim that Ecstasy represents a perspective sorely missing from today 's movie - going experience , where such ' contemplative values are routinely dismissed as slow and boring . < br /><br />The film itself is no masterpiece , though at times it reaches artistic heights , as in the beautifully composed beer - garden scene with its final crane shot rising to reveal the exquisite tableau below . The slow pans of the countryside with its pantheistic celebration of life , nature , and regeneration are also wonderfully expressed . These are the kind of scenes that do n't overwhelm you , but instead-- given half - a chance-- accumulate quietly into an experience as memorable in its own way as the spine - tingling variety of a " Jaws " . < br /><br />On the other hand , the film is sometimes heavy - handed , as when Machaty piles on the imagery , particularly in the final , ode - to - labor sequence . It 's hard to know what to make of this rather disruptive presence . Perhaps the symbolism has to do with the heroic dimension that hard work holds for the love - lorn hero and people in general-- a theme then being promoted by the influential Soviet cinema . Still , its presence here is rather tediously over - done.<br /><br />Anyhow , I 've got to admit that I tuned in initially to see the gorgeous Hedy LaMarr in the buff . But now I have to admit that in the process I also got a lot more than just a peek - a - boo romp in the woods .
1 Dripping with symbolism and filled with marvelous cinematography , Extase is so much more than the erotic drama we 've all come to expect . This is almost a silent film , with what dialogue there is in German , and highly simplified German at that . Perhaps the filmmakers intended the film to reach the widest possible European audience , as anyone with even a little high school level Deutsch can easily dispense with the subtitles . The story is of little importance anyway , with the film succeeding on a cinematic level , not a narrative one . Symbols of fecundity and the power of nature overwhelm the human characters -- there are even scenes where flowers obscure the face of supposed star Hedy Lamarr -- and there are moments here that will remind viewers of the works of Dreyer , Vertov , and Riefenstahl . If the film has any message to convey , I think it 's a political one : bourgeois man is timid and impotent ; working class man is a happy , productive creature ; and woman is the creator , destined to be unfulfilled until she has borne a child . This blend of Soviet socialist realism and National Socialist dogma does n't overwhelm the film by any means -- it 's a beauty to watch from beginning to end -- but it does place it in a very distinct artistic era . And , oh yeah , Hedy does get her kit off .
1 The first time I had the window of opportunity to see this all but forgotten classic was back in the early 1980's , at one of our art houses as a revival . As I watched this fever dream of an exercise in 1930 's sexuality , I thought YOWZA ! They got away with murder in Europe back in the day . Unfortunately , this film was heavily cut in it 's original U.S. release by the blue nosed Hayes Office ( the staunch government censorship board , started by the " holier than thou " Bible thumper , Will Hayes ... a former Post Office official , if you can believe that),due to it 's overall theme of human sexuality ( Heaven 's forbid humans actually had sex in the 1930 's ) . The plot of Ecstasy concerns a young woman ( played by Hedy Lamarr)who marries a much older man , and later regrets it . She ( Lamarr)meets a handsome younger man & has an affair with him , resulting in a divorce from previous husband ( another no no in Hollywood movies back then --- Divorce ! ) . Despite the fact that the film was produced in 1933 , it was probably the director 's first time working in the sound format ( i.e. the film seems to possess techniques that were used mostly in silent films --- i.e . 1920 's expressionism 's ) . It 's still worth searching out for a window into early European talking pictures , along with Luis Bunuels L'Age Dor ( 1930),and Karl Gustav Dryer 's ' Vampyre ' ( 1931 ) . Not rated , but contains that infamous nude swimming scene & some thinly veiled sexual references , which would fare little more than a PG-13 by today 's standards ( but would have easily landed the dreaded ' X',back in the 30's , if it existed then )
1 First , let 's get the " hoopla " out of the way . Hedy Lamarr was regarded as one of the most beautiful of women and the movies were a perfect medium for the many to see her beauty on screen . Here we have Hedy as a young fresh - faced 20 year old speaking in her native Austrian . I recently bought a 1990 uncensored version of this 1932/3 classic . Yes we see a brief close up of Hedy bare from the waist up but although she filmed the swimming & runaway horse scenes naked , the director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches , reflections in puddles , medium and long shots to show her thus in this famous scene ; so do n't go imagining there are any lascivious close ups or clinches . Her boyfriend , Pierre Nay keeps his clothes on at all times . Yes , fairly daring for its day but how innocous it looks now through 2003 eyes.<br /><br />As other learned reviews have stated this film should be looked at for the imagary , expressionism , and allegorical statements it makes with pictures of drops of water forming a ripple on the surface of a pale of water , farm machinery , landscapes etc . Sweet sounding strings run for most of " Extase 's " length and the film has a " feel " of a transition between silent and sound in its direction and concept . The script is highly minimalist and economical the story being mainly imparted through the medium of facial and bodily gestures with just a few words of German spoken by the actors with English subtitles beneath . Even these few words seem almost superflous in the general lyrical vein which runs through the film.<br /><br />Put very simply this is the story of a young girl who marries a much older man ( why we are never told and what did Eva see in him anyway?Money ? ) , who is then trapped in an unconsumated and loveless marriage . She then returns to her father having left her husband and her father has to lie to his son in law . After a ride on her horse Eva decides to take a swim in the buff and loads up her clothes onto her horse 's saddle . However her horse gets romantic notions itself and gallops off to greet its stablemate . Hedy rushes out of the lake naked and tries to recover her mount but an engineer at work sees and retrieves the horse then looks around for its owner . And so the romance is born . Her husband seeing that his rival must win Eva , later decides to shoot himself but I thought this was rather illogical and its main weakness bearing in mind his previous loveless relationship with Eva.<br /><br />Despite being a 1990 reissue title on VHS , the sound being 70 years old , is a bit soft and with background crackles , in line with films of its age . After a period of mourning our handsome boyfriend obviously is so in love with Eva he imagines her as a mother with an infant so we have to assume they live happily ever after . Just let the imagary wash over you and disabuse your mind of the style of films even of late 1930 's vintage . This is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for its own sake and not just for its eye catching title . I gave it 7/10 .
1 Eva ( Hedy Lamarr ) has just got married with an older man and in the honeymoon , she realizes that her husband does not desire her . Her disappointment with the marriage and the privation of love , makes Eva returning to her father 's home in a farm , leaving her husband . One afternoon , while bathing in a lake , her horse escapes with her clothes and an young worker retrieves and gives them back to Eva . They fall in love for each other and become lovers . Later , her husband misses her and tries to have Eva back home . Eva refuses , and fortune leads the trio to the same place , ending the affair in a tragic way . I have just watched " Extase " for the first time , and the first remark I have is relative to the horrible quality of the VHS released in Brazil by the Brazilian distributor Video Network : the movie has only 75 minutes running time , and it seems that it was used different reels of film . There are some parts totally damaged , and other parts very damaged . Therefore , the beauty of the images in not achieved by the Brazilian viewer , if he has a chance to find this rare VHS in a rental or for sale . The film is practically a silent movie , the story is very dated and has only a few lines . Consequently , the characters are badly developed . However , this movie is also very daring , with the exposure of Hedy Lamarr beautiful breasts and naked fat body for the present standards of beauty . Another fantastic point is the poetic and metaphoric used of flowers , symbolizing the intercourse between Eva and her lover . The way the director conducts the scenes to show the needs and privation of Eva is very clear . The non - conclusive end is also very unusual for a 1933 movie . I liked this movie , but I hope one day have a chance to see a 87 minutes restored version . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Êxtase " ( " Ecstasy " )
1 This was a very daring film for it 's day . It could even be described as soft - core porn for the silent era . It was a talkie , but dialog was extremely limited , and in German . One did not need it anyway.<br /><br />The young ( 19 ) Hedy Lamarr gets trapped in a loveless marriage to an obsessive ( stereotype ? ) German and after a short time in a marriage that was apparently never consummated , returns home to her father.<br /><br />In a famous and funny scene , she decides to go skinny dipping one morning when her horse is distracted by another . She is then forced to run across a field chasing after it , as she left her clothing on the horse . An engineer retrieves her horse and returns her clothing - after getting an eyeful.<br /><br />They sit for a while and , in a zen moment , he presents her with a flower with a bee sitting on top . This is where she thinks back to her honeymoon and the actions of her husband and an insect . She knows this man is different.<br /><br />She returns home and eventually seeks out our young fellow , and finds the ecstasy she was denied . You can use your imagine here , but his head disappears from view and we see her writhing with pleasure . Since he never got undressed , you can imagine ... Certainly , an homage to women by the director Gustav Machatý , and a shock to 1933 audiences.<br /><br />The only thing that mars this beautifully filmed movie is the excessive guilt , and a strange ending .
1 I can not comment on this film without discussing its significance to me personally . As a child bad health prevented me from ever going to a cinema . I first encountered movies at the end of WWII through Roger Manvilles splendid Penguin book " Film " , which brought me so much pleasure as my health began to improve that I wish I could buy another copy to re - read today . My introduction to many classics films such as The Battleship Potemkin , Drifters ( Grierson 's magnificent documentary ) , Metropolis , The Cabinet of Dr Caligari , and Ecstasy ; came first through this book and later at my University Art - house cinema . Ecstasy had incurred the wrath of the Vatican , for condoning Eva 's desertion of Emil , her subsequent divorce , and the brief swim she took in the buff , but Roger Manville ignored these trivial matters and discussed the film as a triumphant , outstandingly beautiful , visual paean to love - a view echoed by many IMDb users . A very lonely young man , when I saw it , I willingly concurred . No further opportunity to see Ecstasy arose until the introduction of home videos - by then it had become a treasured memory not to be disturbed . Quite recently I finally added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this assessment very superficial . Ecstasy is much more of a parable on the continuity of human existence , against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw in his aggressively agnostic writings used to term ' The Lifeforce ' . < br /><br />Ecstasy portrays a young bride marrying a middle aged man whose sex urge is no longer strong . Disappointed , she returns home and divorces him . Soon after she experiences a strong mutual attraction to a young virile man she meets whilst out horse riding . She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience . Her former husband can not face rejection and gives the young man a lift in his car intending that a passing train will kill them both on a level crossing . But the train stops in time and the apparently ill driver is taken to recuperate at a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide by shooting himself . After these exciting climacteric sequences , a bland , predictable and almost inevitable ending emphasises that whilst individual human lives exhibit both joy and tragedy , collectively life continues to carry us all forward in its stream and only through contributing to this stream can we be truly happy . This story is trite , the acting is no more than adequate ; and normally such a film would have disappeared into the garbage , as did most of its contemporaries , long ago . What has given Ecstasy its classic status is exceptional cinematography , a continuous lyrical score and very careful loving direction , coupled with something fortuitous but in cinematographic terms very important - it appeared just after the introduction of sound and was probably planned as a silent film . It is sub - titled and its Director has exploited the impact of brief verbal sequences accompanying some sub - titles , and occasionally breaking into the score which so lovingly carries the film forward . This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to watch . The parable in the tale is stressed continuously but so subtly that only when reflecting after viewing does one become fully aware of it . For example , the names - Eva and Adam ; the obsessive behavior of Emil on his wedding night which shows that triviata have become the most important thing in his life and predicate his eventual suicide since he has no adequate purpose to sustain him ; the ongoing series of beautiful sequences showing erotic imagery ( a bee pollinating a flower , a key entering a lock , a breaking necklace during Eva 's virginal lovemaking sequence with Adam , etc . ) ; and the final post - suicide sequences which could have been filmed in many different ways but serve to extol the importance to individuals of performing some type of work that contributes positively to Society , as well as of creating new life to sustain this society after we ourselves pass on . < br /><br />As a 1933 film I would rate this at 9 - even comparing it with contemporary works I would not reduce this below 8 . For me the film will always remain a " must see " , ( although you may feel that my background remarks above indicate some bias in this judgment ) . Unfortunately in North America contemporary assessments of this film have been distorted by the extreme 1930 's reaction to Hedy Kiesler 's very brief and relatively unimportant nude scene which she had difficulty living down in Hollywood ( some critics , who have clearly not seen such classic films as Hypocrites , Hula , Back to God 's Country , Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of D.W. Griffiths and C.B. deMille , have even erroneously referred to this as the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film ) . This scene was probably part of the original novel , and the film would have been very little different if the Director had chosen to rewrite it.<br /><br />Two further thoughts ; firstly this is a Czech film , released there in 1933 . Its final message about hard work generating positive benefits for society must have seemed very superficial to its viewers when a few years later their country became the first victim of Nazi oppression and was virtually destroyed for at least two generations ( I do not remember these sequences being screened just after the war when I first saw this film - were they removed from the copy I saw then ? ) . Secondly for me its main message today is that things of real beauty are often very transitory even though their memory may stay with one for a lifetime . We should all be thankful that today some of them can be captured on camera and viewed again at our convenience .
1 I gather at least a few people watched it on Sept.2 on TCM . If you did you know that Hedy had to change her name to avoid being associated with this movie when she came the U.S. It was a huge scandal and I gather that the original release in the U.S. was so chopped up by censors that it was practically unintelligible . I watched because I had just seen a documentary on " bad women " , actresses in the U.S. pre- movie censorship board set up in the early ' 30s . It looked to me as though they got away with a lot more than Hedy 's most " sensational " shots in " Ecstasy " . In fact Hedy looked positively innocent in this , by today 's standards , and it was nice to see her early unspoiled beauty . It was a nice , lyrical movie to relax to . I loved it for what it was : a simple romance . I watched it after pre- recording it during a sleepless early A.M. I would love to see the first version released in the U.S. for comparison 's sake .
1 In 1930,Europe received quite a shock when Luis Bunuel 's ' L'Age Dor ' was released , causing a riot in Paris when screened there , resulting in it being banned for something like over forty years . Three years later , in 1933,when Europe had gotten over the shock , it was once again turned on it 's ear with ' Ekstase',a symphony ( of sorts)to love . The film starred a young , unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler , who would later change her name to Hedy Lamarr , when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler , as Eva , a young bride who has just married a cold , distant loveless husband ( played by Emil Jerman),only to discover that she has made a major mistake . One divorce later , Eva is footloose & fancy free & is out one day , skinny dipping in a lake , when she discovers Adam , a handsome , young engineer ( played by Aribert Mog)who takes a real fancy to her ( and she , him ) . After a wild night of passion , Eva 's ex - husband turns up once again , hoping to win Eva back , only to find he now has a rival . I wo n't spoil what transpires . Czech director , Gustav Machaty ( who directed the original screen version of ' Madam X',another parable in romantic obsession ) directs from a screenplay by Jacques Koerpel , Frantisek Horky & Machaty , from the novel by Robert Horky . The film 's velvety cinematography ( which reminded me of Avant Garde photographer , Man Ray 's photos of the era , which goes for some impressionistic use of light & shadow , a lot)is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich ) . The film 's brisk editing is by Antonin Zelenka & the films art direction , which goes for a lush , nearly Art Deco look , is by Bohumil He s ) . If I have any quirk about this film , it is the music score , by Giuseppe Becce , which goes for an over the top , melodramatic feel to it that gets old fast ( certain themes are repeated over & over again , wearing out it 's welcome , fast --- kind of like some of David Lean 's over use of certain musical themes , especially in ' Lawrence Of Arabia',and ' Dr . Zhivago ' ) . Some years back , a brand new restored print was made up of the best source material , cobbled together from various European existing prints available , restoring it to what is quite possibly the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it as " decadent " ( yeah , right ... like the Church never did anything wrong),and the Hayes office cut it to ribbons , when it was finally released in the U.S.A. in 1936,in a " Hayes Office " approved cut ( likewise ) . Minimal dialog in German with English subtitles ( it was meant to be a mainly visual experience ) . Not rated , but contains that infamous nude skinny dipping scene by Hedy Lamarr ( done tastefully , mind you ) & some suggestions of sexual content ( likewise)that would scarcely earn it a PG-13 rating , nowadays . Worth a look if you have any interest in early European cinema , or Avant Garde / Experimental cinema
1 This picture was banned from American movies houses in the 1930 because of nudity by Hedy Lamarr , ( Eva Hermann ) which caused all kinds of problems among the ladies in the 1930 's but not so much for the male population . This story concerns a young woman named Eva Hermann who gets married to an older man and is carried over the threshold on the wedding night and the husband never consummates the marriage and worries about all kinds of very petty things like his shoes and killing bugs . Eva leaves her husband 's house and lives with her father and tries to explain her situation . On a hot Summer day Eva takes a ride on her horse and decides to go for a swim naked in a lake in the woods . Her horse runs off and she runs after him and is observed by a young man who finds her clothes and returns them to Eva . These two people become very acquainted and there is a romance that starts to bloom . There are many more interesting problems that arise as you view this film to its very end . Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933 . Enjoy .
1 Young beautiful Eva ( Hedy Lamarr ) marries an older man ( Zvonimir Rogoz ) . Unfortunately he ca n't satisfy her sexually and ignores her . Frustrated she goes home and plans to get a divorce . Then , one day , she 's skinny dipping in a lake in the middle of the woods . Her horse gallops off with her clothes ... and she runs after it ! She meets young and very handsome Adam ( Aribert Mog ) . They make love and she realizes this is the man she wants.<br /><br />ENDING SPOILER ! ! ! ! Naturally , since this was made in 1933 , she has to be punished for her sin so it leads to a tragic finale . END OF ENDING SPOILER!!!!<br /><br />This horrified people in 1933 but it 's pretty tame by today 's standards . Lamarr 's nude swim shows nothing and when she runs after the horse totally nude , it 's either shown in extreme long shot or is covered by branches and such . There 's only a few minor shots of her breasts . Also when she has sex with Mog , nothing is shown but her face but you see her achieving an orgasm . These scene were considered pretty extreme in their day and were cut out completely of the American release . Now today they 're back in . This film would get by with a PG-13 easily now.<br /><br />Shock episodes aside this is just OK . It is beautifully filmed and there 's next to no dialogue . Except for the music score this could be a silent picture . Luckily all the actors are good -- Lamarr and Mog especially and they 're so attractive that they just take your breath away watching them . Also the sequence where they make love is easily one of the most beautifully shot and acted sequences I 've ever seen in a movie . The scenes with the sexual symbolism ( there 's quite a few of them ) are unfortunately pretty obvious today . I actually started to giggle during one!<br /><br />So , great direction , beautiful imagery , attractive actors , good acting all around -- but I was n't exactly bowled over by it . I found the movie slow - moving ( beautiful imagery does not make a picture for me ) , somewhat dull , obvious , static and had a negative ending . I can live with the ending but it does n't excuse the other problems I had with it . Also the final sequence is REALLY strange -- and out of place . So I admire this film more than anything else . It was well - done and I 'd recommend it but with caution . Many people seem to love this movie so I 'm in the minority . Use your own judgment .
1 I had never heard of this film until I came across it by accident when browsing IMDB . I saw it had gotten many awful reviews containing very colorful expletives on how much it stunk . Of course this meant I had to see it . I was pleasantly surprised as Whipped is actually rather a good movie . I watched it with a group of friends and we laughed more than we had at many recent highly acclaimed Hollywood fluff comedies . This is an independent film and as such portrays its subject matter ( sex and dating ) without the usual Hollywood fakery . I distinctly suspect that people 's opinion of this film will depend very much on their experience of life . If you 've never dated or partied much you wo n't get this movie because you wo n't have met people like these characters . If you have , you 'll recognize many of the situations that portrayed here in comedic fashion . The ending was also good , as it did not portray women as unreal , helpless , virginal romantics in contrast to many Hollywood movies .
1 A hilarious and insightful perspective of the dating world is portrayed in this off beat comedy by first time writer / director Peter M. Cohen . The story unfolds as the four male protagonists meet weekly at the local diner to confer about their dating woes . We meet Brad : a good - looking , wall - street playboy with a quick - wit and sharp tongue ; Zeek : a cynical , sensitive writer ; Jonathan : a sexually perplexed nice guy with an affinity for hand creams and masturbation ; and Eric : the married guy , who cherishes his weekly encounters with his single friends in hope for some enlightenment to his boring and banal married existence . The trials and tribulations of the men 's single lives in New York are amusingly expressed , mirroring that of Sex in the City and HBO 's new comedy The Mind of Married Man , and bring an astute light to scamming . The story takes a twist as the three singletons meet Mia -- wittily played by Amanda Peet - and all fall for her . She seduces them each with her uncanny ability to conform to the personalities ' they exhibit . When they come to realize they have all met and fallen in love with the same woman , they chose her over their friendship . Whipped is a realistic portrayal of the dating world , one that the critic 's failed to recognize . In plain language , they missed the point . The protagonist 's here are caricatures of real people . The exaggerations are hysterical , mixing satire and humility , and are not to be taken as seriously as the critic 's disparagement suggests . See this movie , you 'll laugh from start to finish .
1 I had n't laughed this hard for a movie in a really long time . The garbage that Hollywood has been putting out lately drives me up a wall ! This one was definetely fresh and witty . If you look at the demographic figures for the ratings , only a few women have voted ! I do n't want to ruin the movie for you but I 'm sure that every guy who saw this ran to their computers to rate it and gave it a poor score , why ? Because the movie puts men in their place , that 's why . If more women vote for this movie because of its actual humor value and not because it is damaging to men ... it could easily be a " 7 " rated movie !
1 This movie is hilarious ! I watched it with my friend and we just had to see it again . This movie is not for you movie - goers who will only watch the films that are nominated for Academy Awards ( you know who you are.)I wo n't recap it because you have seen that from all the other reviews.<br /><br />"Whipped " is a light - hearted comedy that had me laughing throughout . It does n't take itself too seriously and should be watched with your friends , not your girlfriend . It wo n't win any awards , but it just has to be watched to be appreciated . True , some of the jokes are toilet humor , but that is not necessarily a bad thing . Everyone can use some of it sometimes . Some people need to lighten up and see " Whipped " for what it is , not what it isn't.<br /><br />****1/4 out of * * * * * .
1 I did n't expect much from this , but I have to admit I was rolling on the ground laughing a few times during this film . If you are not grossly offended in the first ten minutes , this might be a film for you . Ditto if you are the type that would enjoy watching Amanda Peet shuffling cards for an hour and a half . It 's certainly not a momentous work of comedy , but given the low - budget indy genesis this is masterful . To level the playing field for comparison , imagine all of the studio films with their budgets slashed by a factor of 100 or so and see what you get ! Kudos to Peter Cohen and his network for seeing this through . I look forward to his next effort .
1 Peter M. Cohen has a winner satire on the mating game , twisted around and turned inside out . The critical bashing of the movie in mainstream media publications as " offensive " and " raunchy " only serves to underscore its intensity as a refreshing and concentrated dissection of people 's sexual pursuits and passions . It is in the tradition of what I call " reality based " satire following in the footsteps of " In The Company of Men , " " Chasing Amy " , " Your Friends and Neighbors " and " Two Girls and a Guy " . Cohen 's dialogue is hilarious and I was continually intrigued by how perfectly he captured the real pace of today 's conversations . Brian Van Holt , Zorie Barber , and Jonathan Abrahams are three distinct , unrelenting sex - obsessed predators who along with the foil of their recently married buddy ( superbly played by Judah Domke ) are turned upside down on their own terms by a female predator ( Amanda Peet ) . Underneath the satiric surface lurks a romantic comedy far more satisfying than most sugar - coated studio products .
1 A MUST SEE ! I saw WHIPPED at a press screening and it was hilarious . We 're talking nonstop laughs . It makes SOMETHING ABOUT MARY seem like a meandering drama . Amanda Peet screams star quality with her winning combination of beauty , brains , and serious acting ability . Peter Cohen , the director , has made a cutting edge film that shows the raw inside of men 's egos in the urban dating world . For all of it 's comedy , Whipped succeeds with it 's intelligence . Which is so rare for a first time director , especially with a romantic comedy . He is a major talent . Judah Domke , Brian Van Holt , Jonathan Abrahams , and Zorie Barber round out the cast with depth and very strong performances as the would be slick lady 's men . You 've got to see these guys go to work and get caught in Peet 's web . Check out the trailer on whipped.com , it 's worth the 3 minute download .
1 This movie was hysterical . I have n't laughed this hard in a long time . I mean , it 's not " Good Will Hunting , " but was it supposed to be ? I actually went into the advanced screening expecting a lot less and was pleasantly surprised . The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant . Amanda Peet is hot and awesome . The entire audience that I screened it with seemed to be enjoying the film as much as I did .
1 After viewing " Whipped " at a distributor 's screening at the AFM the other night , I have to say that I was thoroughly impressed . The audience was laughing all the way through . Unfortunately , every territory was already sold , so I did not have the opportunity to purchase the film , but I truly believe that it will be a big hit both domestically and over seas . I agree with the comment that " Whipped " should not be pitched as a male " Sex and the City , " mainly because unlike " Sex and the City , " " Whipped " is a satire about dating that never takes itself too seriously . " Whipped " pokes fun at relationships in a way that most sex comedies would n't dare . Also , the film that I screened at the AFM had more of a plot and story than " Swingers , " " Clerks , " and " Sex and the City " combined . " Whipped " never slowed down for a beat and provided the audience with non - stop comedy . The performances of Amanda Peet and the rest of the cast were all rock solid , which only made the film more impressive considering the budget .
1 Sophmoric this film is . But , it is funny as all get out . It shows the " boys locker room mentality " being played by the " other side " . It is good to see such tides turned and how silly they are . But that 's probably not news to most women , 'cause ( just ask one ) , " they 've heard 'em all before".<br /><br />Watch it with a small group or party of mixed gender and 97.3 % of the room will laugh for 2 hours straight . And the other 2.7% ... can you ever really please them ?
1 Cheech & Chong 's Next Movie ( 1980 ) was the second film to star to pot loving duo of Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong . The lovable burn out smokers are now roommates . They live in a condemned building looking for ways to score more smoke and just lay about all day . But Cheech is the " responsible " one . He has a job and a steady girlfriend . One day , Cheech wants to get his freak on so he tries to get Chong out of the house . Another problem arises as well , Cheech 's brother " Red " ( Cheech is another role ) is in town and wants to hang with him . Firguring that he could kill two birds with one stone , Cheech pawns Chong off and Red . What kind of adventures will Chong and Red get into ? Will Cheech get his freak on ? How long will Chong go without some smoke ? Just watch CHEECH & CHONG 'S NEXT MOVIE to find out!!<br /><br />Tommy Chong takes over the directorial reigns for the sequel . He received some experience when he did some uncredited work on UP IN SMOKE . Funny but not as good as the first film . But Cheech and Chong fans will enjoy it . Followed by NICE DREAMS.<br /><br />Recommended .
1 A typical romp through Cheech and Chong 's reality which includes drugs , singing , more drugs , cars and driving , even more drugs , Pee Wee , aliens , gasoline , laundry , stand up comedy , surprisingly more drugs and SPACE COKE ! ! . It is not as coherent or plausible as Up in Smoke but it still is incredibly funny , without becoming as strange as Nice Dreams . There are some classic scenes , which include the opening scene where they get some gas for their car and the drive to work . Also funny is Cheech 's song ( Mexican - Americans ) and Chong 's follow up song . Another notable scene is the welfare office scene with Jones ( human noise machine ) , from the Police Academy series , and the old laughing man . All in all , this is a great follow up to Up in Smoke and is quite watchable when sober or not.<br /><br />-Celluloid Rehab
1 And I 'll tell you why : whoever decided to edit this movie to make it suitable for television was very ill - advised . EVERYTHING CONCERNING DRUGS IS CUT OUT AND COVERED UP ! ! ! How do they do it , you might ask ? Well , they do n't do it very well , that 's for sure . Anyway , instead of the marijuana which Cheech and Chong are supposed to have in their possession , they are said to have diamonds ! Still , the characters go around in a haze of marijuana smoke stoning others along their way with no explanation whatsoever !
1 This movie is fun to watch , does nt have much of a plot ( well , there is n't a plot ) , but there are good jokes and situations that you will laugh at . The basic storyline is Cheech is trying to have a nice date , while Chong is partying with Cheech 's cousin ( They smoke dope , go in a music store , a massage parlor , a comedy club , and even go into someones house they do n't even know ! Rated R
1 I 'm a fan of C&C , going back to their records , and liked this movie , but at one point in the mid-1980 's on cable television in San Jose California , it was aired with an alternate plot line that destroyed the entire point of the movie . All references to marijuana were replaced with " diamonds " . The bag that " Red " drops to Chong has diamonds in it instead of marijuana , but the conversation still remains the same ( " ... it 's worth ~$3000/lb " ) . There is also a subplot in which clips of aliens on a ship were added observing C&C , and talking to each other about getting the diamonds . At the end , instead of " space coke " , it 's something else . I 'm not sure who created this version , but it was horrible , and obvious that they were attempting to make it family / child friendly . It would have been better if that network had not aired it at all .
1 The best Cheech & Chong movie so far ! ! Of all the Cheech and Chong this is most certain the best so far . I think I 've seen them all about twelve times at least , and I love them all . But this is most definitely the best . Compared with the others this one covers a lot of themes and gives you a lot of good laughs . Part of the texts are still part of our language today , after 25 years . I hope that one day they can make another one , because they still are great comedians . I heard they are writing a new script so who knows ... I guess these guys are the only ones who succeeded in making decent movies in this genre . I wonder if John Ashcroft ever watched one of them ...
1 The opening sequence alone is worth the cost of admission , as Cheech and Chong drag that big ol garbage can across the parking lot , filled with gas . " Do n't Spill it Man ! " , hilarious stuff . And then , as ' the plot ' ensues , you 're in for one heck of a ride . I watched this film recently and it holds up , being just as funny upon each viewing . check it out .
1 This has the funnist jokes out of all the Cheech & Chong flicks . It 's the first one I saw with these guys . I found it to be really good . My dad actually recommended me to get it . WHAT A GREAT ROLE MODEL , and my GRANDMA actually bought it for me , knowing what it was like . What a family I have . Well this movie is pretty good and great to rent when you want to see a good classic . I must warn you though , this is n't gut - busting funny . It has its moments but not as funny as There 's Something About Mary . Check it out anyway . I 'm sure you 'll laugh . Unless your an anti - drug activist or something .
1 Ok , needless to say , this film is only going to appeal to a certain audience ; namely stoners and like - minded people.<br /><br />That being said , if you are one of these aformentioned people , this film is a MUST . In fact , I think it should be mandatory for head shops to sell a copy of it to anyone purchasing their first bong . What Monty Python 's Holy Grail is to geeks and nerds , so is this movie to potheads . I first saw this film 10 years ago or so , and I still crack up every time I watch it . The jokes perfectly lampoon the pothead lifestyle , far better than latter day knockoffs like Half - Baked attempt to.<br /><br />There is n't a plot , so to speak ; the film is more of a collection of various skits ; as the films protagonists wander around Los Angeles in their legendary haze . Despite this , the film has an excellent sense of pace , and does n't drag at all . Many people cite Up In Smoke as C&C 's best work , but I would have to say that Next Movie is superior.<br /><br />So if you 're in the mood for an hour and half of belly laughs , light up , tune in , and let your mind float away = ) < br /><br />Oh , and FREE TOMMY CHONG !
1 SPOILERS < br /><br />A buddy of mine said NEXT MOVIE was the best Cheech & Chong flick and went out of his way to have me borrow it and THE BLUES BROTHERS . NEXT MOVIE has no plot , has no pacing , really has no anything of what defines a movie ... but it is funny . And for what it is worth , Cheech and Chong show some heart.<br /><br />Well , in this little paragraph I put in the plot , but being that four - fifths of the movie , nothing happens that would usually start a story . I will just say that Cheech 's cousin shows up.<br /><br />Was there no other funnier moment when Chong made Cheech drink the pee twice ? What about the rooster ? Was that Pee - Wee Herman 's first movie appearance ? You would have to watch the movie yourself to enjoy it . I do n't think NEXT MOVIE has strong enough balls to make it awesome , but the movie has heart and hey , my buddy let me borrow it so it gets a 7 .
1 This was stupid funny movie .. Cheech and Chong are the dopiest wasted guys ever ... i rate this film a 7 .. but if you like this one then go see Jay and Silentbob ! There funnier and crazier . Now Cheech is a sellout working on kids movies ..... where s chong ?
1 This story is a familiar one in the long - running Tom and Jerry cartoons , especially in the 1940s , the only difference being that two cats instead of one are threatened to be evicted if they do n't catch the mouse ( Jerry ) . Tom has an unnamed buddy ( " Butch ? " ) living in the house with him , so this really upsets " Mammy Two Shoes " who ca n't believe that they have a mouse despite TWO cats in the house.<br /><br />Anyway , the one who catches Jerry can stay while the other gets the boot , so the competition is on!<br /><br />Even though it 's familiar territory I still enjoyed this because the cartoon had enough original sight gags to make entertaining . You not only had the cats competing against each but Jerry in the equation as well , so there were enough good gags to definitely recommend if you are a Tom & Jerry fan .
1 " A Mouse in the House " is a very classic cartoon by Tom & Jerry , faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own . It is hysterical , hilarious , very entertaining and quite amusing . Artwork is of good quality either.<br /><br />This short is n't just about Tom trying to catch Jerry . Butch lives in the same house and he 's trying to catch the mouse too , because « there 's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that 's the cat that catches the mouse».<br /><br />If you ask me , there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon . The funniest for me are , for example , when Mammy Two Shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically « I 'm glad you 're enjoying the siesta » and that she hopes they 're satisfied because she ai n't , making the two cats gasp . Another funny gag is when Tom disguises himself as Mammy Two Shoes and slams Butch with a frying pan and then Butch does the same trick to Tom . Of course that , even funnier than this , is when the real Mammy Two Shoes appears and both ( dumb ! ) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as Mammy and then they both attack her on the " rear " - lol . Naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad , she is n't someone to mess with . But even Jerry does n't win this time , because he is expelled by her too .
1 Tom and Butch Cat fight over the capture of Jerry Mouse because the one who does n't catch Jerry gets kicked out . The two cats dress in their master 's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it ! Confused , Tom and Butch whack their master 's rear and all three of them get kicked out .
1 Action & Adventure . Billie Clark is twenty years old , very pretty , and without a care in the world , until a brutal street gang violates her life , and she turns into an ALLEY CAT bent on revenge ! When the gang attacks her grandparents house and her car , Billie uses her black belt prowess to fight them off . But at the same time she earns their hatred , and she and her grandparents are marked for vengence . When her grandparents lose their lives to the brutal thugs . Billie becomes like a cat stalking her prey - and no prison , police force , boyfriend , or crooked judge can get in the way of her avenging claws . She 's a one - woman vigilante squad , a martial arts queen , a crack shot with no mercy . She 's the ALLEY CAT.Watch for the dramatic ending versus the Gang leader ! Rated R for Nudity & Violence , Other Films with Karin Mani : Actress - filmography , Avenging Angel ( 1985 ) .... Janie Soon Lee , " From Here to Eternity " ( 1979 ) ( mini ) TV Series .... Tawny , Filmography as : Actress , Stunts - filmography , Avenging Angel ( 1985 ) ( stunts)P.S. She should have been Catwoman in the Batman Movie!<br /><br / >
1 This entertainingly tacky'n'trashy distaff " Death Wish " copy stars the exceptionally gorgeous and well - endowed brunette hottie supreme Karin Mani as Billie Clark , a top - notch martial arts fighter and one woman wrecking crew who opens up a gigantic ten gallon drum of ferocious chopsocky whup - a * * on assorted no - count scuzzy muggers , rapists , drug dealers and street gang members after some nasty low - life criminals attack her beloved grand parents . The stunningly voluptuous Ms. Mani sinks her teeth into her feisty butt - stomping tough chick part with winningly spunky aplomb , beating jerky guys up with infectious glee and baring her smoking hot bod in a few utterly gratuitous , but much - appreciated nude scenes . Unfortunately , Mani possesses an extremely irritating chewing - on - marbles harsh and grating voice that 's sheer murder on the ears ( my favorite moment concerning Mani 's dubious delivery of her dialogue occurs when she quips " Do n't mess with girls in the park ; that 's not nice ! " after clobbering a few detestable hooligans . The delectable Karin 's sole subsequent film role was in " Avenging Angel , " in which she does a truly eye - popping full - frontal nude scene , but does n't have any lines . ) The film 's single most sensationally sleazy sequence transpires when Mani gets briefly incarcerated on a contempt of court charge and shows her considerably substantial stuff in a group prison shower scene . Of course , Mani 's lascivious lesbian cell mate tries to seduce her only to have her unwanted advances rebuffed with a severe beatdown ! Strangely enough , the lesbian forgives Mani and becomes her best buddy while she 's behind bars . Given an extra galvanizing shot in the vigorously rough'n'ready arm by Edward Victor 's punchy direction , a funky - rockin ' score , endearingly crummy acting by a game ( if lame ) cast , a constant snappy pace , numerous pull - out - all - the - stops exciting fight scenes , and Howard Anderson III 's gritty photography , this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill is essential viewing for hardcore fans of blithely low - grade low - budget grindhouse cinema junk .
1 Slow but beautifully - mounted story of the American revolution . Griffith 's story - telling seems a lot less heavy - handed than in his earlier historical epics and his tableaux work is fully integrated into the action . Lionel Barrymore is an utter swine , Neil Hamilton is poor but dashing and Carol Dempster is .... well , Carol Dempster is most of what is wrong with Griffith in this period , but she does n't show up often enough to slow the pace and drama.<br /><br />Note that the trivia for this movie says it came in originally at slightly more than 2 hours when first released , but that no cut exists that runs longer than 90 minutes . However , the dvd release has been presented at a slower fps rate that increases the tension and brings it back to a bit over two hours.<br /><br />Far better in terms of story - telling than sound versions , such as THE PATRIOT . While not quite in the league of Griffith 's best , such as WAY DOWN EAST and BROKEN BLOSSOMS , an excellent way to spend a couple of hours .
1 I waited until the 4th of July to write this because . . . well . . . because it just feels right to be doing it on this day.<br /><br />In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a hit , he had not had a big one since ORPHANS OF THE STORM ( 1921 ) . He 'd been working steadily since then but his movies had been smaller in scope and had failed to hit the right chord with audiences . He was planning a film about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by members of the Daughters of the American Revolution ( DAR ) who asked if he might expand his ideas to encompass more of the American Revolution . This movie is the result . By the time he had finished he had a 14 reel history lesson and there was n't a trace of Patrick Henry anywhere.<br /><br />We all know the story of the Revolutionary War but Griffith threw in a love story with Patriot farmer Nathan ( Neil Hamilton ) falling in love with Tory aristocrat Nancy Montague ( Carol Dempster , a leading lady for Griffith for many years ) . Complicating matters is the fact that Nancy 's father hates Nathan . . . well not just Nathan , he hates all rebels . It does not help matters when , during a skirmish on the streets of Lexington someone jostles Nathan 's arm causing him to discharge his gun and accidentally wound Nancy 's dad!<br /><br />Paralelling the love story is the ( mostly true but partially embellished ) story of Capt . Walter Butler ( Lionel Barrymore ) a renegade British officer who feels he owes allegiance to no one . With Thousands of Indians form the Six Nations on his side he hopes to crush the colonials and become monarch of his own empire.<br /><br />Comparisons with BIRTH OF A NATION ( 1915 ) are inevitable . The Montague family might just as well be the Cameron 's from the earlier film while Nathan could be a part of the Stoneman family . The sequence of the Battle of Bunker Hill is staged very similarly to a scene in BIRTH OF A NATION with the attacking army , in this case the Redcoats , storming a trench packed with Patriots . The only thing missing is Henry Walthall charging across No Man 's Land to stuff a flag into the muzzle of a cannon . Amazingly enough the battle scenes in America seem to lack the energy of the battle scenes in BIRTH and fail to draw the audience in . Something is clearly missing . It is n't scope , G.W. " Billy " Bitzer 's camera work is quite good . Maybe what is missing is . . . dare I say it . . . sincerity?<br /><br />The brutality of Capt . Butler and his men is well underscored although much of it happens in long shot or offscreen . Do n't expect any heads to be lopped off in closeup like we saw in INTOLERANCE ( 1916 ) . In one scene Butler 's second in command , Capt . Hare ( Louis Wolhiem ) gouges out the eyes of a captive colonist . We see only the beginning of the deed , for the remainder the camera focuses on Hare 's face as he obviously has a good time doing this . Lionel had been working with Griffith on and off since 1912 . A story goes that he approached Griffith for work and D.W. , knowing the reputation of his famous family , said " I am not hiring stage actors . " to which Lionel replied " And I am nothing of the kind , sir ! " He makes a very good and quite believable villain . Louis Wolhiem appeared with Lionel 's older brother John three times ; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR . JEKYLL AND MR . HYDE ( both 1920 ) and later in THE TEMPEST ( 1927 ) . As Capt . Hare his wild staring eyes and disheveled hair not only mark him as a villain but make you think he is quite mad also.<br /><br />Neil Hamilton later remarked that America was his first time on horseback and " I was scared to death . " . He hides his displeasure very well though and we can believe he was quite the equestrian by the time shooting was over . Mr. Griffith was very much in love with Carol Dempster and at one point asked her to marry him . She refused and soon left his stock company , after which her star status gradually waned.<br /><br />Speaking of horses , one accidentally amusing moment which had to be unscripted came during the depiction of Paul Revere 's ride . He rides his horse right up on the front porch of a family to announce " To arms ! The Regulars are coming ! " but as he tries to leave the horse can not negotiate the steps backwards and stumbles spilling his rider on the ground ! I am amazed Griffith did not do another take.<br /><br />So is America a classic ? YES ! Do n't wait for July 4th to see it , it is enjoyable anytime .
1 I really wanted to like this film and I do n't think I was terribly disappointed . Being an American History teacher , I felt an obligation , almost , to see this film and as far as the history went , it was n't bad . Sure there were a few mistakes here and there ( especially with the timeline -- the movie only appeared to last a few months or perhaps a year -- not over six years of actual fighting ) , but the overall spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent . Unfortunately , the movie ALSO included a pretty meaningless subplot involving a difficult to believe romance between a poor patriot and a rich Loyalist . For the most part , it really served to distract from the overall plot and just seemed " tacked on "-- like a plot device instead of a real honest - to - goodness romance . In fact , as much of the romance boiled down to the dumb cliché of " love at fist sight " , it was kind of annoying the more I think about it.<br /><br />However , in spite of this romance , the film is truly interesting and inspiring --- plus , in so many ways it seems as if the much later film , THE PATRIOT , was copied from this Griffith film ! ! ! Both films followed the exploits of an evil leader fighting for the British and using horrible and evil tactics against the civilians -- and both having the secret intention of using this as a " springboard " to starting their OWN nation in the America ! ! ! The only major difference is that this film is set in the North and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas . It sure would have been nice if Mel Gibson and the rest had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for the story ideas . It just does n't seem all that likely that the two stories were created independently of each other.<br /><br />PS -- Despite me liking this film and some other of Griffith 's films , he DOES deserve to once again " burn in hell " for his having White actors portray all the Black servants in the film ! This is a sick and bigoted thing that Griffith did in so many of his films -- especially in BIRTH OF A NATION . I got ta assume based on this and the way he portrays Blacks that he was A - OK with slavery and was quite the apologist for this " quaint institution " ( do n't get mad at me -- this IS meant as sarcasm ) .
1 are highlights of this 1917 feature . The Pride of the Clan tells the story of a young girl who becomes clan chieftain after her father dies . On an island off the coast of Scotland , the villagers live the simple lives of " fisher folk . " My copy is very dark and sometimes hard to read , but the film boasts some stunning ocean scenery , and the camera work on boats is splendid . Maurice Tourneur directed Pickford in this pleasant film . Pickford was already a major star in 1917 , and this film seems to have been written just for her : plucky young woman succeeds over misfortune . Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny . And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done . Not a great Picford film , but still worth seeing . Matt Moore ( Pickford was married to his brother , Owen Moore ) is the love interest , and is good as the strapping island lad . Leatrice Joy is one of the villagers but I could n't spot her either . My copy intersperses lots of bells and gongs and adds an eerie feeling when the village warning bells are rung . Very effective .
1 The silent film the Pride of the Clan starring Mary Pickford was supposed to be set in a fictional island off the coast of Scotland . In actuality , most of the exterior shots were filmed in Marblehead Massachusett on Marblehead Neck near several rocky seaside geographic areas including the Churn and Castle Rock . My initial interest in the film was because of two factors : 1 ) the Marblehead film location in my hometown and , 2 ) the fact that my grandmother Lizzette M. Woodfin was hired as a stand - in for Mary Pickford during filming of several scenes including the " cliff scene " . Both women were small ( 5 ' ) in stature and both my father and grandmother related the fact that she was a stand - in with her back to the camera for the cliff scene as part of the Chiefton filming set . I just wanted to relate this story for future film historians and buffs . The film itself ( my DVD copy is somewhat poor ) is very well done with lots of action and expressive acting including several scenes where Miss Pickford portrays a strong woman characterization . I enjoyed it and would love to get a better copy of it although I am unsure whether one exists as I have seen in various movie sites that remaining copies are dark because of deterioration . A very nice film of the silent genre with lots of action !
1 Star Pickford and director Tourneur -- along with his two favorite cameramen and assistant Clarence Brown doing the editing -- bring great beauty and intelligence to this story of poor , isolated Scottish Islanders -- the same territory that Michael Powell would stake twenty years later for his first great success . Visions of wind and wave , sunbacked silhouettes of lovers do not merely complement the story , they are the story of struggle against hardship.<br /><br />The actors bring the dignity of proud people to their roles and Pickford is brilliant as her character struggles with her duties as head of the clan , wavering between comedy and thoughtfulness , here with her father 's bullwhip lashing wayward islanders to church , there seated with her guest 's walking stick in her hand like a scepter , discussing her lover , played by Matt Moore.<br /><br />See if you can pick out future star Leatrice Joy in the ensemble . I tried , but failed .
1 Strangler of the Swamp was made by low budget studio PRC and is certainly one of their best movies I 've seen.<br /><br />A man who was hanged for a murder he did n't commit returns as a ghost for revenge on the people who accused him . He uses a rope to strangle his victims and after several deaths , including the old man who operates the ferry across the swamp , he disappears . The old man 's granddaughter takes over the ferry herself and also falls in love with one of the local men and they decide to get married.<br /><br />This movie has plenty of foggy atmospheres , which makes it very creepy too.<br /><br />The cast includes Rosemary La Planche , Blake Edwards and Charles Middleton ( Flash Gordon ) as the Strangler.<br /><br />Strangler of the Swamp is a must for old horror fans like myself . Excellent.<br /><br />Rating : 3 and a half stars out of 5 .
1 Some people say this is the best film that PRC ever released , I 'm not too sure about that since I have a fond place in my heart for some of their mysteries . I will say that this is probably one of the most unique films they , or any other studio , major or minor , ever released.<br /><br />The plot is simple . The ghost of a wrongly executed ferryman has returned to the swamp to kill all those who lynched him as well as all of their off spring . Into this mix comes the granddaughter of one ghosts victims , the current ferryman . She takes over the ferry business as the ghost closes in on the man she loves.<br /><br />Shrouded in dense fog and set primarily on the single swamp set this is more musical poem than regular feature film . Listen to the rhythms of the dialog , especially in the early scenes , their is poetical cadence to them . Likewise there is a similar cadence to the camera work as it travels back and forth across the swamp as if crossing back and forth across the door way between life and death , innocence and guilt . The film reminds me of an opera or oratorio or musical object lesson more than a normal horror film . Its an amazing piece of film making that is probably unique in film history.<br /><br />This is n't to guild the Lilly . This is a low budget horror / mystery that tells you a neat little story that will keep you entertained . Its tale of love and revenge is what matters here , not the poetical film making and it holds you attention first and foremost ( the technical aspects just being window dressing . ) If there is any real flaw its the cheapness of the production . The fog does create a mood but it also hides the fact that this swamp is entirely on dry land . The constant back and forth across it is okay for a while but even after 58 minutes you do wish that we could see something else.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong I do like the film a great deal . Its a good little film that I some how wish was slightly less poverty stricken . Its definitely worth a look if you can come across it .
1 * * * * Includes Spoilers * * * * < br /><br />I've been a horror film fan now for many decades . Just when I think I 've seen all the great ones another pops up to surprise me . I had never seen this film before . It was a treat , off the beaten path too ... not just the path to the swamp ferry boat either . Here was a horror film made in the 1940s that dared to try something VERY different . The pretty girl is ( gulp ) fearless for a change and saves the men , including the man she loves , from the monster ! How is that for a twist . This girl was the complete opposite of most women in films of that time , no screaming at her own shadow , no fainting from fright , no tripping over a leaf as she runs . This gal was n't afraid to live alone in a secluded hut far away from the rest of the villagers . Not only that but the place was on a foggy swamp rumored to be haunted . Heck she even takes naps on the swamp grass outdoors ... like a regular 1940s version of Ripley . No snake , gator or ghostly strangler would dare bother this gal . Books on early feminist films should be sure to include this overlooked work.<br /><br />See this if you are a fan , like me , of those wonderfully atmospheric classic B / W horror films they made only in the 30s and 40s . And be sure to wear your cast iron turtle neck for protection .
1 PRC which was the lowest of the low actually struck gold with this moody little thriller . They did the same thing a year earlier with " Detour " which is probably one of the finest low - budget films ever made.<br /><br />"Strangler " is basically a one set film , filled with mist and shadows , a technique used by most poverty row studios to hide the sets , or lack thereof . But here , it works well . The ghost of Charles Middleton ( better known as Ming the Merciless ) lurches around the swamp killing those involved in his wrongful execution for murder and generates some sympathy from the viewer . His final victim is to be the daughter of the ferryman ..... he concentrates his wrath not only on those directly involved in his fate but their relatives as well.<br /><br />Rosemary LaPlanche does her usual imitation of someone in a coma that passes for her acting style . She offers herself up to the strangler in order to put a stop to the killing but as a sop to the audience , the strangler sees the goodness of her gesture as a sign that his mission is complete and he returns to the hereafter , somewhat chastened . If Ulmer(who directed " Detour " ) has directed " Strangler " she would be hanging from the nearest tree and the strangler 's job would be done . But who 's complaining ? It 's not the story that is the major attraction but the shrouded sets , lighting and the general moodiness of the piece . It stands , right behind " Detour " , as PRC 's finest hour
1 Very well done and spooky horror movie from poverty - row film company PRC who usually put out really cheesy films like DEVIL BAT or THE FLYING SERPENT . German expatriate director Wisbar does wonders with a small budget and his studio - bound swamp set . Gaunt and ghoulish Charles Middleton is effective as the Strangler .
1 Probably the best picture Producers Releasing Corp ever made , this little horror piece rivets the attention from first to last . Director Frank Wisbar obviously knows a good story when he writes one and what 's more important he knows how to realize its full shock potential on the screen . Not only is the plot involving and the characters fascinatingly drawn , but the setting is absolutely out of this world ! Just about all the action takes place either at night or in the middle of a clinging , pervasive fog . This chilling atmosphere is augmented by Wisbar 's inventive direction and the wholly convincing performances he has drawn from all his players . The lovely Rosemary La Planche makes an ideal heroine , beautiful , spirited yet vulnerable . Robert Barrat delivers his usual no - nonsense , straight - down - the - line portrait of the local bigwig , though it 's hard to believe that the personable , good - looking guy who plays his son is none other than the later dullsville writer / director Blake Edwards .
1 A highly atmospheric cheapie , showing great ingenuity in the use of props , sets and effects ( fog , lighting , focus ) to create an eerie and moody texture . The story is farfetched , the acting is merely functional , but it shows how imaginative effects can develop an entire visual narrative . This movie is recommended for its mood and texture , not for its story .
1 At first , this movie seems so bad that i almost fell in a trance the first time i saw it . It was like a bad dream . A cosmic bore . But i gave it a second chance , then another and another , etc ... I finally got addicted to this film , due to it 's dreamlike slow pace , wonderful natural sets , bathed in a mellow autumn light and especially the musical score , which is made of some 70 's progressive rock and absolute exquisite folk songs by actor / singer / songwriter Derek Lamb(the Troubadour).You should notice the song about hazel wood , silver trout and lady vanishing in the air ... ,heard in the middle and near the end of the film . There are some carnal scenes in the beginning , wich allow us to appreciate the natural charms of Elizabeth Suzuki . If that movie had been made by some " repertoire " directors like Bergman , Lars Von Triers or Jean - Luc Goddard , critics would have rolled on the floor , raving about that movie as if it were a cosmic masterpiece . I personally think this film is one million times superior to any of Fellini 's cinematic sh#¤@t!Definitely not for the pretentious .
1 When I watched this film the first time , it was a taped copy and the title was / is Caged Terror . I still own the tape , and I confess , I 've watched it more than once from beginning to end ! The film is extremely low budget and the dialogue is often unintentionally amusing ! I have gotten a few of my friends to watch this and we 've had some great laughs from the terrible script . The film concerns a couple , ( remember this is like early 70 's so they are just too hip man ! ) who go on a week - end camping trip in what I believe was supposed to be upstate NY . They have some hilarious dialogue after catching and eating a fish and the girl bemoans the death of the fish and that they ate it ! The guy comes back with something goofy about how they ate the fish and now it was a part of them , and he goes ; " And that 's beautiful man ! " Heavy man , really heavy ! LOL ! Anyway , along come a couple of Vietnam vets , one of who plays the flute , I believe . ( At any rate they are musical fellows ! ) The guys are clearly attracted to the girl and when the couple prove unfriendly , they end up terrorizing them during the night . The guy ends up caged in a chicken coop , and has to watch his girl friend being ravished by the two guys . Actually , by the end of the night , she seems to be pretty into it , and when morning comes , the guys leave and the girl and guy are free to leave . Supposedly the guy has learned a lesson about how to treat people , and the girl has a smile on her face ! :) Anyway , I would recommend this film highly to anyone looking for a damn good laugh ! It never fails to amuse me anyway ! If I could find this on DVD and replace my old tape copy , I 'd actually buy it again , it 's classic camp ! You got ta love this stuff !
1 A couple(Janet and Richard ) go camping out in the woods near a giant swamp . After camping and enjoying nature , the couple takes shelter in what they think is an abandoned farm house . Soon , a pair of escaped convicts show up and , after much delaying of the inevitable , they proceed to rape Janet and lock Richard in a birdcage.<br /><br />This LAST HOUSE ON THE LEFT - like film has to be one of the most underrated horror films ever made . It 's one of the more sick and twisted early 70s shockers . Moreover , I found this to be quite enchanting and beautiful in it 's perverse tone . I love CAGED TERROR . The music definitely helps lend a sense of personality to the film as well as a lot of beauty . I found the film to be quite creepy.<br /><br />The flaws mainly have to do with the pacing of the film , which is to say that the film is rather slow and meandering . While I did n't mind the pacing due to the beauty and suspense of the film in question , I do think that it will both most people . The acting is n't too good nor is the dialogue , at least in the early scenes . This film takes a little more patience than usual , and it 's really not for everyone.<br /><br />In short , this was a good film . Not the greatest horror film I 've ever seen , but it is certainly a lot of fun . It 's not exactly the easiest film to find . It 's possible to find it in the USED section of a lot of stores if you look hard enough . It 's not for everyone , but if you 're a fan of trash cinema then it 's definitely worth checking out .
1 Maybe it was n't that good as a whole , but the second episode , which was the first one I say , was so memorable I still remember it today . I became a fan of Dick Francis . I would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries.<br /><br />The cockney slang of the sidekick , Chico Barnes , is a lot more amusing to those of us who have never been close to hearing London 's Bow Bells , but the leads are attractive and the shows were interesting.<br /><br />Sid Halley was one of Francis ' more interesting characters , and the show actually minimizes some of the difficulties with his hand . Interestingly , electronic hands of the sort used in the stories are apparently less functional for the user than the sort invented after World War II .
1 I actually quite enjoyed this show . Even as a youngster I was interested in all sports and that included horse racing . It was always going to be difficult to make a series based on racing corruption and at the same time get permission from the race tracks to record filming about this controversial subject . One episode I particularly remember centred around a horse expected to win a big race that looked a bit off colour . A syringe was found on the stable floor and everyone thought it had been drugged but nothing showed up in the blood tests . All too late they realised the horse had nt been doped but had had its knee cartilage removed . Like running a car with no oil and the engine seizing up , the horse broke down with tragic consequences .
1 The very first image of the movie shows a mountain ridge in early morning autumn mist , and my thought was : " This is almost too beautiful . " And it goes on like this : Images of landscape and animals that look like a series of romantic paintings , each of them perfect in every detail . Even the girl 's room , her father 's car - everything is nostalgic , romantic , beautiful . This could seem outdated and escapistic , but it fits a story that is itself of silent beauty , happening on the border between life and fairy tale , between Dian Fossey and Le Petit Prince . I enjoyed every minute of it . The extreme parsimony of the movie , having a simple , slow story , just one actor and hardly any special effects , exerted a strong magic . I therefore find it deplorable that this parsimony is given up in the last minutes , when suddenly two additional actors ( the girl as a grown - up woman , and her son ) are introduced . Another shortcoming is the music , which is often intrusive , Hollywood - like , and sometimes inappropriate : I could n't bring an English pop - song together with French mountain glory . I went to the movie together with my two small daughters , but I recommend it to adults as well , given that they appreciate this kind of movie . Obviously , not everybody does .
1 THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film from MARCH OF THE PENGUINS filmmaker Frenchman Luc Jacquet . The movie , which boasts just one human being in its cast , young actress Bertille Noël - Bruneau , tells the story of the rather rare , though seemingly believable relationship between a child and a wild fox.<br /><br />Part - nature documentary , and part - fairy tale , the film focuses on L'Infant , the child , who on her way to school one day comes across the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting , possibly France , though the exact location is never mentioned . Over the coming weeks the child revisits the place where she found her fox hopeful that one of said days she will see said fox , who she begins to call Lily , once again . And so it goes on . Days turn to weeks , and then the summer disappears , turning to fall and then winter , promting some superb cinematography of the sweeping , white winter landscape . Eventually , spring comes around again , and the young child finds her fox , and indeed does strike up a friendship with the animal . And so on.<br /><br />I had little to no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD . I had seen MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and was simply in awe at the film - making contained in that movie . Luc Jacquet is a hugely talented , and indeed rare film - maker , and I was expecting some superb , breathtaking cinematography , sweeping vistas and brilliant footage of the wildlife . This was delivered in spades . But here Jacquet has a screen writing credit , and not knowing anything about the movie prior to the screening , I expected something a little different than what had previously been seen in ' March ' . A fictional story.<br /><br />The child and the fox And the story is simple . A young , seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and walks to school , seemingly on her own , every day , seemingly without a care in the a seemingly perfect world . Without the hint of an adult in sight . Brilliant . So she strikes up a friendship with a fox.<br /><br />With a film like this , you have to dismiss your own opinion of the movie and put yourselves in the shoes of the target audience . This is a film which is aimed directly at children from the age of , I 'd say , six and up . Or to families who fancy a trip to the cinema with their breed one wet Sunday afternoon . Not a 31-year - old male who gets his kicks from films like the recent , brilliant WANTED and the like . But , me being the newbie London critic , I put myself in the shoes of an excited eight - year old girl for the 95 or so minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD . Now , I have a few problems with this film . As a 31-year - old lad , and loyal lover of all things cinematic , I loved the wildlife and landscape photography . It 's visually stunning . The direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed -- as good as you will find on any of Attenborough 's efforts . As an impressionable , short attention spanning eight year old , I loved about the first half hour -- then I lost interest . It 's a little repetitive and in places quite harrowing and bloody scary for a younger child , particularly the rather dark ending . As a 31-year - old male -- I was a little frightened in places . Wuss.<br /><br />So , it 's not a child 's film . It 's not really an adult film and I felt a little let down . Is it a good family film . Depends . It 's educational maybe , and the film carries a message . It 's definitely not a film I would pay the hard earned green to go see and I 'm racking my brains to try and recommend it to a certain type of film goer . It 's hard , but I know some will go see and fall in love this film . It 's very European in feel and certainly if you are a fan of wildlife themed flicks , give it a try . Unsure ? Well I 'd wait for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon in then . -- Paul Heath , http://www.thehollywoodnews.com , July 2008 .
1 From the filmmakers who brought us The March of the Penguins , I guess that came with plenty of expectations for The Fox and the Child . From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush wilderness in France , the narrative now becomes part documentary and part fairy tale , which tells of the friendship between the two titular characters , Renard the fox and its friendship with the child who christened it , played by Bertille Noel - Beuneau.<br /><br />The story 's frankly quite simple , and at times this movie would have looked like the many Japanese movies which children - miscellaneous animals striking a friendship after the development of trust , and how they go about hanging around each other , dealing with respective adversaries and the likes . Here , the child meets the elegant fox near her home up in the mountains , which provide for plenty of beautiful picture - postcard perfect shots that a cinematographer will have to go into overdrive to capture.<br /><br />But while we indulge in wistful scenery , the characters do n't get to establish that level of trust from the onset , and we have to wait a few seasons to past , and 45 minutes into the film , before they find a leveler in food . The child persistently attempts at striking a bond with the objective of taming the creature for her own amusement , but the fox , well , as other notions of course . While I thought the narrative was pretty weak , unlike March of the Penguins which has that human narrative interpretation of what 's happening on screen , what excelled here were the documentary elements of the movie , tracing the life and times of the fox as both a predator , and a prey.<br /><br />Between the two , more tension and drama was given to the latter , especially when dealing with traditional foes like wolves , and granted , those sequences were fairly intense especially when the child got embroiled in it . Otherwise , it was plain sailing and quite a bore as the two of them go about their playing with each other , in shots that you know have undergone some movie magic editing . There were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that were n't really quite suitable for children , as those in the same hall attested to it by bawling their eyes out suddenly , so parents , you might want to take note and not let your toddler disturb the rest of the movie goers.<br /><br />As a film , I would 've preferred this to be a complete documentary ala The March of the Penguins , but I guess the way it was resented , probably had the objective of warning us not to meddle with nature , and that some things are just not meant to be , and should stay as such . Decent movie that leaned on the strength of the chemistry between Bertille Noel- Bruneau , and the multiple foxes that played Renard .
1 Maybe I 'm biased to foxes , fox stories and all but I thought this was wonderfully done.<br /><br />I really enjoyed that it was shown when Lily was n't comfortable , such as the fire and the room ( trying not to spoil too much here ) . I think that 's important for kids to see and try to understand.<br /><br />After reading a few others comments I 'm a bit confused , one says that at the end -spoiler- the mother and her son appear , as she 's been the one telling her son about her story . The movie I saw did NOT have the mother or son at the end , merely a painting of a girl with a fox . Can someone enlighten me on that ? Anyway I really enjoyed this movie , although some scenes can be a bit slow which might be difficult for high energy kids to sit through . Still worth it if they can sit still .
1 Watching " The Fox and the Child " was an intoxicating experience . The lush visuals , integrity of point of view , and utter beauty of the setting and characters left me in a swoon of pleasure.<br /><br />The plot is uncomplicated . Deceptively simple . Within the container of that simplicity a world unfolds that draws you in and leaves you breathless.<br /><br />I laughed . I wept . I learned.<br /><br />This is a movie you can trust yourself to -- give yourself over to . Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart . It reaches to the heart of the viewer -- of any age -- and reveals the world through new eyes , as if seen from the heart.<br /><br />Adi Da Samraj once said that true Art draws the viewer beyond point of view into ecstatic participation in Reality . I feel I have been privileged to watch -- no , to participate in -- this film , a work of true Art .
1 A must see for anyone who loves photography . stunning and breathtaking , leaves you in ore . seen it twice once in a cinema and now on DVD . it holds up well on DVD but on the big screen this was something else.<br /><br />Took my two daughters to see this and they loved it , my oldest cried at the end.but she was the one who wanted to see it again tonight when she saw it at the video shop . its simple telling of a child 's love for nature and in particular a fox is told well . in some ways it reminded me of the bear in its telling a story not documentary formate . which works for children very well . not being preached to is very important , you make your own mind up.<br /><br />But the star of this film is the cinematographers , how did they do what they did . amazing just amazing .
1 I first saw this movie in a theater in France a year or so ago . It came and went with little fanfare , but I enjoyed it for the beauty of the landscape photography and the fascinating wildlife footage . ( The story , while nice , is really incidental . If you actually thought about it , there is no way most of what happens could happen in real life . ) I just saw it again tonight , here in the States , on DVD . Again , I gather it has very limited distribution . Blockbusters only had one copy of it , and I do n't recall it ever playing in the art houses in Cleveland.<br /><br />Seen on my TV , the photography is not as breathtaking , though it is still very beautiful . The wildlife footage is still fascinating . The story of the relationship between the 10-year old child and the fox is even less convincing the second time around , when you know where it 's headed.<br /><br />Still , as I said , the story is incidental . It 's a beautiful film to watch , and if you like wildlife footage , you should find this fascinating .
1 This is a very beautiful and almost meditative film - there is hardly any dialogue in it , apart from the narration ; and the scenery and music compliment each other perfectly . I did n't at first connect the red hair of the girl and the fox until it was pointed out to me by a friend ( who also has red hair ! ) It is almost an old fashioned type of children 's films , saying that children nowadays prefer animations like Shrek or Toy Story etc - but I feel that young people should be introduced more to the beauty and wonder of nature which this film certainly does . Maybe not the best ever film of its type but certainly an excellent and relaxing view for all ages -not just children .
1 There 's perhaps a special reason why The Fox and the Child hit a special note in my heart . Having just said goodbye to my new fiancée - of oh ... one day - for an unknown period of time , I was a bit overwhelmed with varying emotions and was suffering the fallout from putting on the brave face she needed to see.<br /><br />I watched a few movies and TV shows , but my interest darted from what I was leaving behind to what is out there and what I have n't seen . For that , I have this movie to thank.<br /><br />Being a nature lover and having heard about the film beforehand , I was sure I was going to like it anyway . But I did n't just like it , I loved it.<br /><br />The technical mastery is astounding . How did they do it ? How did they capture the animals in the way they did ? ? It 's just wonderful.<br /><br />The moral of the tale is a good one and while the ending is oh so French and ambiguous , it 's a happy / sad one . Again , it caught me a bit off - guard . As a man who usually keeps his emotions to himself , the ending was tough going while on a plane full of people I would be seeing for the next 15 or so hours ! Perhaps it 's because the ending made me think back to what I left.<br /><br />But for those few hours on the plane , I was happy to see something new and original . And that 's life . Sure , there are those things you love and feel comfortable around ... but the great outdoors holds many a mystery . So the next time I see something out of the ordinary while out in the open ; I 'm going to explore it , observe it and embrace it . That 's precisely what happens in this movie and that 's precisely what you should do with this darn good movie / nature doc too . 8/10 < br /><br />P.S. It 's two months on from the plane journey . We still do n't know when we 'll see each other again , but we will .
1 I love cinema so what I 'm about to confess embarrasses me deeply . I had given a thumbs down to " Che , Parts 1 and 2 " without having seen the film . Terrible I know . But I felt into a trap perpetrated by ... who ? I do n't really know but there has been a negative word of mouth that spread like wild fire and , no matter how smart I think I am , I fell into it . But , thankfully , I bumped into an Argeninean film director , Martin Donovan , a man I love and admire . When I told him I was n't going to see it because I knew the film was a failure he looked at me as if he was ready to punch me right on the face and Donovan is a pacifist ! He took me aside and told me how much he loved the film and why . I went to see both parts straight away and , " Che , part 1 and 2 " is the best film I 've seen in 2008 . It is , of such purity that it will remind you of the work of some of the great masters of the past . The regard for its audience is something that we 're not used to anymore . I do n't know if we ever were . Riveting , moving , without concessions and Benicio del Toro is just extraordinary . We can see his soul , we can actually perceive it . The humanity of the man is overwhelming . So , thank you Martin Donovan once again for educating me so honestly . Bravo Del Toro , Bravo Soderbergh and everyone involved in this landmark film . Do n't commit the mistake I was about to commit . Go see it , now , on the big screen
1 A lot of the problem many people have with this movie is that they seem to think that the story should have been more entertaining ( ignoring it is based on a true story ) or ranting against a film that glorifies Che ( which it really does n't ) . This film is very close to Jon Anderson 's definitive bio on Che and gets the story right . Soderburgh does an excellent job of setting the mood for the unraveling debacle that was Che 's Bolivian adventure . You really get the impression of the total timidity and bewilderment of the Bolvian peasant to Che 's revolutionary ideas or of the difficulties that his men faced with hunger and the terrain . Sorry to bore the attention challenged movie fan out there but that was how it happened . So do n't go into this movie expecting a Rambo shoot em up , its a true story !
1 Neatly skipping over everything from the coup in Cuba to his undercover entry into Bolivia , part two of Soderbergh 's portrayal of Che Guevara is that of the tragic hero . As with Che – Part One , this rather rambling guerrilla warfare escapade through the colourful mountains of Bolivia is probably destined to disappoint more people than it will satisfy , so why was the film ( and particularly Benicio Del Toro 's performance ) so loudly praised at Cannes?<br /><br />James Rocchi , for instance , called it , a work of art that 's , " not just the story of a revolutionary , " but , " a revolution in and of itself . " The Guardian 's Peter Bradshaw called it a " flawed masterpiece . " I return to my original contention for Part One – that the value lies particularly in depiction of a hero figure . And in an age when there is a surfeit of poor hero role - models , could it not be salutary to see a strongly honourable one , even if stripped of some of the less endearing episodes of his life ? This is the psychological hero enshrined by the great Scottish essayist , Thomas Carlyle , in his seminal book , Heroes and Hero Worship . Heroes can be real or imaginary ( or somewhere in - between ) . But should genuinely inspire us to higher goals , a higher purpose . Compare this with the unrealistic ' heroes ' of standard Western storytelling : where a person undergoes trials and tribulations before obtaining a barely - believable reward – usually everlasting love or material wealth – as if by divine studio intervention . Real heroes have an excess of moral courage – not Lost Ark dare - devilishness or James Bond super - toys . They rise , and empower others to rise , to be the best that they can be . In Part One , Che succeeds . In Part Two , he fails . It is not for want of moral courage but since a ) not all good plans can succeed and b ) being human , mistakes are inevitable.<br /><br />Guevara 's intellectual clarity is flawed when he equates conditions that justify armed struggle with conditions that make that armed struggle able to succeed . It is a serious miscalculation.<br /><br />High in the mountains from La Paz , the colours are breathtaking . There is an air of mise - en - scene authenticity that was occasionally lacking in Che - Part One ( The U.S. would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba . ) Visual treats are heightened by maximising natural light and the extreme flexibility and realism offered with groundbreaking RED cameras . This is a high performance digital cine camera with the quality of 35 mm film and the convenience of pure digital . Designed for flexibility and functionality , the package weighs a mere 9 lbs . " Shooting with RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time , " says Soderbergh . " RED sees the way I see . . . so organic , so beautifully attuned to that most natural of phenomena – light . " If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution it would have enshrouded him with an almost mystical invincibility . That he fails in Bolivia shows not only that he has human limitations but that it is his moral virtues that are remembered , not the political triumph . Critics will say – and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve tin - pot dictatorships . His development of guerrilla fighting tactics are not good or bad in themselves ( and have since been used for both).<br /><br />But for all its praiseworthiness , the film often seems to lack dramatic and narrative tension . We stumble from one escapade to another , knowing that he will eventually meet his death . I found myself glancing at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter . But the work that has gone into this – interviews with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara 's ex - comrades to coach actors on the minutiae of the Bolivian operations – make the film a commendable achievement . It might not be top - flight entertainment , but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant slice of history.<br /><br />There is also another very important point in the Che ' hero ' figure here . It 's about failure . That if you try your utmost , even if you fail , your effort will not have been in vain because it may give others hope and moral courage . One could cynically call it a ' martyr ' complex , and it is found , of course , in many religious figures as well . But Che does not ' sacrifice ' himself . He does what he does best , to the best of his not inconsiderate ability , and so provides an example . Success or failure in any particular instance become mere details.<br /><br />With the U.S. 's longstanding and illegal blockade of Cuba ( all in the name of ' freedom ' ) , I am tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted on the U.S. But that would be to invite a contention that the film has sought so earnestly to avoid . One must hope that many viewers will have the skill to view Che without politics and the bias that inevitably engenders . Whatever its faults , it rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist nonsense of Oceans 11.<br /><br />But if you have n't heard of Che Guevara or seen Part One , or if you ca n't get past the phrase ' murderous Marxist ' without frothing at the mouth , I might struggle to imagine what you would get from this film . The same can be said for many who have , and can .
1 Ironically the most talked - about American film in the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98 % in Spanish . The extra - long film 's controversy began at the Cannes Festival . There were love - hate notices , and considerable doubts about commercial prospects . As consolation the star , Benicio Del Toro , got the Best Actor award there . I 'm talking about Steven Soderbergh 's ' Che , ' of course . That 's the name it 's going by in this version , shown in New York as at Cannes in two 2-hour - plus segments without opening title or end credits . ' Che ' is certainly appropriate since Ernesto " Che " Guevara is in almost every scene . Del Toro is impressive , hanging in reliably through thick and thin , from days of glorious victory in part one to months of humiliating defeat in part two , appealing and simpatico in all his varied manifestations , even disguised as a bald graying man to sneak into Bolivia . It 's a terrific performance ; one wishes it had a better setting.<br /><br />If you are patient enough to sit through the over four hours , with an intermission between the two sections , there are rewards . There 's an authentic feel throughout -- fortunately Soderbergh made the decision to film in Spanish ( though some of the actors , oddly enough in the English segments especially , are wooden ) . You get a good outline of what guerrilla warfare , Che style , was like : the teaching , the recruitment of campesinos , the morality , the discipline , the hardship , and the fighting -- as well as Che 's gradual morphing from company doctor to full - fledged military leader . Use of a new 9-pound 35 mm - quality RED " digital high performance cine camera " that just became available in time for filming enabled DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce images that are a bit cold , but at times still sing , and are always sharp and smooth.<br /><br />The film is in two parts -- Soderbergh is calling them two " films , " and the plan is to release them commercially as such . First is ' The Argentine , ' depicting Che 's leadership in jungle and town fighting that led up to the fall of Havana in the late 50 's , and the second is ' Guerrilla , ' and concerns Che 's failed effort nearly a decade later in Bolivia to spearhead a revolution , a fruitful mission that led to Guevara 's capture and execution in 1967 . The second part was to have been the original film and was written first and , I think , shot first . Producer Laura Bickford says that part two is more of a thriller , while part one is more of an action film with big battle scenes . Yes , but both parts have a lot in common -- too much -- since both spend a large part of their time following the guerrillas through rough country . Guerrilla an unmitigated downer since the Bolivian revolt was doomed from the start . The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did n't get a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesinos , who suspected foreigners , and thought of the Cuban communists as godless rapists . There is a third part , a kind of celebratory black and white interval made up of Che 's speech at the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time , but that is inter - cut in the first segment . The first part also has Fidel and is considerably more upbeat , leading as it does to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959 that led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba.<br /><br />During ' Guerilla ' I kept thinking how this could indeed work as a quality European - style miniseries , which might begin with a shortened version of Walter Salles 's ' Motorcycle Diaries ' and go on to take us to Guevara 's fateful meeting with Fidel in Mexico and enlistment in the 26th of July Movement . There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions . This is far from a complete picture of the man , his childhood interest in chess , his lifelong interest in poetry , the books he wrote ; even his international fame is only touched on . And what about his harsh , cruel side ? Really what Soderbergh is most interested in is n't Che , but revolution , and guerrilla warfare . The lasting impression that the 4 + hours leave is of slogging through woods and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and idealistic dedication to a the cause of ending the tyranny of the rich . Someone mentioned being reminded of Terrence Malick 's ' The Tin Red Line , ' and yes , the meandering , episodic battle approach is similar ; but ' The Thin Red Line ' has stronger characters ( hardly anybody emerges forcefully besides Che ) , and it 's a really good film . This is an impressive , but unfinished and ill - fated , effort.<br /><br />This 8-years - gestating , heavily researched labor of love ( how many more Ocean 's must come to pay for it ? ) is a vanity project , too long for a regular theatrical release and too short for a miniseries . Radical editing -- or major expansion -- would have made it into something more successful , and as it is it 's a long slog , especially in the second half.<br /><br />It 's clear that this slogging could have been trimmed down , though it 's not so clear what form the resulting film would have taken -- but with a little bit of luck it might have been quite a good one .
1 Part Two picks up ... not where the last film left off . As part of the quasi - conventionality of Steven Soderbergh 's epic 4 + hour event , Che 's two stories are told as classic " Rise " and " Fall " scenarios . In Part Two , Che Guevara , leaving his post as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo ( only in passing mentioned in the film ) , goes down to Bolivia to try and start up another through - the - jungle style revolution . Things do n't go quite as well planned , at all , probably because of Che 's then notorious stature as a Communist and revolutionary , and in part because of America 's involvement on the side of the Bolivian Government , and , of course , that Castro was n't really around as a back - up for Che.<br /><br />As it goes , the second part of Che is sadder , but in some ways wiser than the first part . Which makes sense , as Guevara has to endure low morale from his men , betrayals from those around him , constant mistakes by grunts and nearby peasants , and by ultimately the enclosing , larger military force . But what 's sadder still is that Guevara , no matter what , wo n't give in . One may see this as an incredible strength or a fatal flaw- maybe both- but it 's also clear how one starts to see Che , if not totally more fully rounded , then as something of a more sympathetic character . True , he did kill , and executed , and felt justified all the way . And yet it starts to work on the viewer in the sense of a primal level of pity ; the sequence where Guevara 's health worsens without medicine , leading up to the shocking stabbing of a horse , marks as one of the most memorable and satisfying of any film this year.<br /><br />Again , Soderbergh 's command of narrative is strong , if , on occasion , slightly sluggish ( understandable due to the big running time ) , and one or two scenes just feel totally odd ( Matt Damon ? ) , but these are minor liabilities . Going this time for the straight color camera approach , this is almost like a pure militia - style war picture , told with a great deal of care for the men in the group , as well as Guevara as the Lord - over this group , and how things dwindle down the final scene . And as always , Del - Toro is at the top of his game , in every scene , every beat knowing this guy so well- for better and for worse- that he comes about as close to embodiment as possible . Overall , the two parts of Che make up an impressive package : history as drama in compelling style , good for an audience even if they do n't know Che or , better , if they do n't think highly of him . It 's that special . 8.5/10
1 Following directly from where the story left off in part one , the second half which sets about telling the inevitable downfall and much more grim side of the man 's legacy is exactly as such . In direct contrast to the first feature , part two represents a shift from Che the pride and glory of a revolutionised country , to Che—struggling liberator of a country to which he has no previous ties . The change of setting is n't just aesthetic ; from the autumn and spring greys of the woodlands comes a change of tone and heart to the feature , replacing the optimism of the predecessor with a cynical , battered and bruised reality aligned to an all new struggle . Yet , as Che would go on to say himself—such a struggle is best told exactly as that—a struggle . While Part One certainly helped document that initial surge to power that the revolutionary guerrilla acquired through just that , Part Two takes a much more refined , callous and bleak segment of Che 's life and ambition , and gives it an assertive portrayal that is both poignant and tragic in a tangible , easy to grasp manner.<br /><br />While the movie 's tone in some regards does stray off and differ quite drastically from Part One however , there still remains that same documented approach taken a month ago that avoids melodrama and fabrication as much as possible . This somewhat distant , cold approach to telling Che 's story and struggle will no doubt turn some viewers off ; indeed , I still remain reserved about whether or not the feature itself should have been named after one man—if anything , the entirety of Che , taken as a whole , delivers a tale that goes beyond mere biography and instead documents a man 's struggle alongside those who helped carry him along the way . By no means does Soderbergh try to paint a humanistic portrait here akin to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago ( excuse the ironic contrast ) ; Che is a slow moving , reserved and meditative approach to telling a history lesson that just happens to be narrated by the one man who –arguably- conducted the whole thing.<br /><br />Yet by moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to the bleak , decaying backdrop of Bolivia for Part Two , the story does inevitably take on a distinctly contrasting tone that does n't feel too disjointed from its predecessor , but does enough to give it its own reference points . Here , the basic structure of Part One is echoed back—there 's the initial struggle , the battles , the fallen comrades and the recruiting of those to replace them , all the while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement . Yet , as anyone with the vaguest idea of the actual history behind the feature will know , Part Two is destined to end on a much more underwhelming , and disquieting note . This difference , in combination with the similarities to Part One , make a compelling and memorable whole ; by all means , both could be digested one their own ( and kudos to Soderbergh for achieving as such ) and enjoyed as they are , but taken as one statement , Che delivers exactly what it sets out to achieve.<br /><br />Indeed , everything that made Part One the treat that it was one month prior is still evident here from the subtle yet engrossing performances from the central cast to the slow building , realistically structured combat scenes—the drama inherent to the characters on screen is just as vague and indiscernible , but with a feature such as this , Part Two once again proves that avoiding such elements do n't necessarily hurt a film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer engaged . In fact , upon writing this review I was at odds as to whether or not to simply add a paragraph or two to my initial review for Part One , and title the review as a whole , yet I felt that to do so would only serve to disillusion those who may sit down to watch the entirety of both films consecutively.<br /><br />With that said , I can not rightfully decree whether or not Che holds up to the task of engaging an audience for its sprawling four hour plus runtime , but upon viewing both segments I can at least attest to each part 's ability to do just that . With a reflective , intricate screenplay combined with endlessly mesmerising photography and nuanced performances that do justice to the movie 's characters without drawing attention to themselves , Che Part Two is every bit as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor , but this time with a tragic but uplifting , reaffirming conclusion fit for the history pages of film.<br /><br />- A review by Jamie Robert Ward ( http://www.invocus.net )
1 Many reviews I 've read reveals that most people tend to like Part One better than Part Two . I feel exactly the opposite . Part One played around a bit much with trying to find different ways of showing Che Guevara 's personality through different types of film stock , different locations , and cutting back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution . For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting . In Part Two , Che enters Bolivia , and along with changing geographical location , the rules and the structure changes . Gone are the spacial jumps and switching between stocks , the " documentary realism " and the treatises . Instead , now we are literally trapped with Che in a desaturated , depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are burdened too far with their lives for anything but survival to be an option . I posit that it 's the dark turn of Che 's life that is the real reason why most people prefer Part One to Part Two.<br /><br />The change in geographic location also signifies , for me at least , that Che : Part One and Che : Part Two are , in fact , the second two acts of a three act structure begun by Motorcycle Diaries . Motorcycle Diaries is Che 's coming - of - age ( or more appropriately , coming - of - ideals ) in Argentina , Che : Part One is his military leadership in Cuba , and Che : Part Two is his downfall in Bolivia . These movies do not completely illustrate his life ( we 're missing his experiences in Guatamala and , more importantly in my opinion , his post - Cuban revolution executions ) , but they create a very detailed exploration into the controversial aspects of his character and nature as worldwide symbol . He both symbolizes the idealism and need for armed resistance to oppression , and revolutionary failings in the post - World War II third world countries and their hindering by such activities as , um , the CIAs meddling.<br /><br />But , yet again , all of that is projected on - screen in this case not through long scenes of dialog and speeches , but through a much more intimate , suffering portrayal of Che at the end of his thread and his life . Again , the rules have changed , and in this case it 's hard to tell if there was any chance of success at all . The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the desaturated , shaky long takes involves the audience into the narrative of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape , an existential hell , where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up taking second tier to the desperation of hunted people starving to death . It 's just not that easy of a movie to watch , but it 's very effective.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
1 I sat through both parts of Che last night , back to back with a brief bathroom break , and I ca n't recall when 4 hours last passed so quickly . I 'd had to psyche myself up for a week in advance because I have a real ' thing ' about directors , producers and editors who keep putting over blown , over long quasi epics in front of us and I feel that on the whole , 2 to 2.5 hours is about right for a movie . So 4 hours seemed to be stretching the limits of my tolerance and I was very dubious about the whole enterprise . But I will say upfront that this is a beautifully – I might say lovingly – made movie and I 'm really glad I saw it . Director Steven Soderbergh is to be congratulated on the clarity of his vision . The battle scenes zing as if you were dodging the bullets yourself.<br /><br />If there is a person on the planet who does n't know , Ernesto ' Che ' Guevara was the Argentinian doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batista via the 1959 Cuban revolution . When I was a kid in the 1960s , Che 's image was everywhere ; on bedroom wall posters , on T shirts , on magazine covers . Che 's image has to be one of the most over exploited ever . If the famous images are to be relied on , then Che was a very good looking guy , the epitome of revolutionary romanticism . Had he been butt ugly , I have to wonder if he would have ever been quite so popular in the public imagination ? Of course dying young helps.<br /><br />Movies have been made about Che before ( notably the excellent Motorcycle Diaries of 2004 which starred the unbearably cute Gael Garcia Bernal as young Che , touring South America and seeing the endemic poverty which formed his Marxist politics ) but I do n't think anyone has ever tackled the entire story from beginning to end , and this two - parter is an ambitious project . I hope it pays off for Soderbergh but I can only imagine that instant commercial success may not have been uppermost in his mind.<br /><br />The first movie ( The Agentine ) shows Che meeting Castro in Mexico and follows their journey to Cuba to start the revolution and then the journey to New York in 1964 to address the UN . Cleverly shot black and white images look like contemporary film but are n't . The second film ( Guerilla ) picks up again in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement . The second movie takes place almost entirely in the forest . As far as I can see it was shot mostly in Spain but I can still believe it must have been quite grueling to film . Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che , a part he seems born to play.<br /><br />Personally , I felt that The Argentine ( ie part one ) was much easier to watch and more ' entertaining ' in the strictly movie sense , because it is upbeat . They are winning ; the Revolution will succeed . Che is in his element leading a disparate band of peasants , workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause . The second part is much harder to watch because of the inevitability of his defeat . In much the same way that the recent Valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise in witnessing heroic failure , so I felt the same about part two of Che ( Guerilla ) . We know at the outset that he dies , we know he fails . It is frustrating because the way the story is told , it is obvious fairly early on that the fomentation of revolution in Bolivia is doomed ; Che is regarded as a foreign intruder and fails to connect with the indigenous peoples in the way that he did with the Cubans . He doggedly persists which is frustrating to watch because I felt that he should have known when to give up and move on to other , perhaps more successful , enterprises . The movie does not romanticise him too much . He kills people , he executes , he struggles with his asthma and follows a lost cause long after he should have given up and moved on , he leaves a wife alone to bring up five fatherless children.<br /><br />But overall , an excellent exercise in classic movie making . One note ; as I watched the US trained Bolivian soldiers move in en masse to pick off Che and his small band of warriors one by one , it reminded me of the finale to Butch Cassidy . I almost turned to my husband and said so , but hesitated , thinking he would find such thoughts trite and out of place . As we left the theatre he turned to me and said " Did n't you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ……………… ! "
1 I came to watch Guerrilla , part two of Steven Soderbergh 's biopic of Che Guevara , without having seen the preceding film and without more than a cursory knowledge of Che 's life . At the same time I was rather apprehensive that this would be both a heavy - going history lesson and an unrepentant love - letter to the iconic revolutionary . As it turns out , this film far exceeded my expectations.<br /><br />Guerrilla works remarkably well as a standalone film . The story of Che 's failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia , then under military rule , is a compelling tragedy . The initial impetus brought by Che 's arrival incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost as misfortune follows misfortune . The odds stack up against the revolutionaries . US backing for the Bolivian army , hostile conditions in the rainforest , suspicious locals and Che 's failing health are just some of the difficulties which beset the nascent rebellion.<br /><br />Soderbergh 's portrayal of Che is largely uncritical , but this film is no hagiography . The style is refreshingly undramatic , with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias adding quiet drama to many scenes . Che is undoubtedly the centre of the film but there are very few close - ups of his face and we are encouraged to see the people fighting alongside him and sometimes against him too . Where Soderbergh wishes to demonstrate Che 's virtues we see it in small episodes such as the loyal acolyte who upbraids two fellow guerrillas when they question Che 's leadership , and emphasises the sacrifice that he has made in leaving behind Cuba to fight again for revolution.<br /><br />The direction throughout is superb . Part two feels tightly edited despite its narrow focus and is able to communicate a great deal through images without the need for a narrator to spell things out for the audience . At the start of the film we see a few short clips of lavish parties in post - revolutionary Cuba , immediately furnishing us with ideas as to why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country . Later on , the portrayal of guerrillas marching through the unending rainforests stands out as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps to create a feeling of the enormity of the task before this tiny band of revolutionaries.<br /><br />If there is a problem with the film it is the distance between the viewer and Che , which , though it does allow us to appreciate the context of the insurgency and the people around him , makes it hard for us to understand him better as a person . True , Benicio Del Toro is utterly convincing in the lead role – so much so that it is difficult to remember that you are watching an actor and not the man himself . However , watching Guerrilla as a standalone film means that we are given precious little insight into what is shaping Che 's thoughts , words and actions . It is to be hoped that this is more to the fore in the first part of Soderbergh 's biopic ( I can not comment on that yet ) , and certainly the strength of part two is making me look forward eagerly to seeing the prequel .
1 Che : Part One was a fascinating experiment , which did not only tell a very interesting story , but it also tried to do something different with the " biopic " genre . Che : Part Two is the excellent culmination of this experiment.<br /><br />This movie offers all of the same attributes from the first one , from the extraordinary performances ( specially from Benicio del Toro ) to Steven Soderbergh 's brilliant direction , without forgetting its intention of breaking with the conventional rules from the biopics . That is what I admire from Soderbergh 's experiments ... they always try to do something different and unusual , and they succeed most of the times.<br /><br />The final message from this film is perfect , and it includes everything we have been told about Che Guervara 's life . The only fail I found on Che : Part Two is that a few parts felt a bit irrelevant.<br /><br />In summary , I give Che : Part Two a very enthusiastic recommendation because , as the first one , it is a brave and fascinating experiment which challenges the spectator and leaves us thinking .
1 It surprises me that I actually got the courage to watch the bio flick or flicks " Che : Parts 1 & 2 " . Why ? Because if my Cuban exile parents would ever found out I saw this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution , I would be grounded for life . Hey wait ? I am an adult , they ca n't ground me no mas . Director Steven Soderbergh , and newbie commie ( sorry Steven , but I had to take Soder shots here ) divides the movie in two partes on Commander Ernesto " Che " Guevara 's revolutionary life . " Che : Part 1 " presents how Che in the mid 1950 's joined Fidel Castro 's guerilla crew in their revolutionary quest to overthrow Cuban President Fulgencio Batista 's regime ; which as we all know was a revolutionary success for them , but a gargantuan guerilla disaster to many Cubans as it revolted into Communism . " Che : Part 2 " presents Che trying to revolutionize the T - Shirt industry by pitching T - Shirts with his appalling bearbado face to T - Shirt manufacturers . OK , I am che - chatting a lot of crap towards your way ! I meant to say the ' Che : Part 2 " focuses on Che in the late 60 's trying to bring back the revolution , this time to a poverty - stricken Bolivia , but with far different results . In fact , Che ended up being dead meat enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967 . Soderbergh does not include the in - between time of those two instances in Che 's life when he commanded the despicable La Cabana Fortress Prison in Cuba , where he mass murdered many Cubans who opposed Communism . That is where I think Soderbergh executed a cinematic injustice by not showing the viewers how atrocious Guevara really was . I did decide to see " Che " in hopes that Soderbergh would not glamorize him , but instead present how disturbed he really was . Unfortunately , Soderbergh did not do the latter and sadly decided to present Guevara as a Revolutionary hero , which he was not . He was a sick man who thank God is now probably at the bottom of the devil barrel . Now , I do have to be an objectivistic reviewer and must admit that Benicio Del Toro 's performance as Che was extremely commanding , and worthy of merit . And that Demian Bichir was a haunting dead - ringer as Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance . But the rest of the cast of " Che " was primarily comprised of mediocre performances of actors portraying Guerilla soldiers . And as much as I do admire Matt Damon , why did Sodebergh throw him in the revolutionary mix in a Spanish - speaking cameo performance portraying a Bolivian delegate ? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic which is mostly " too much talk and not enough action " in 4 hours and 30 minutes . We have had too much of Che already , even posthumously with those ridiculous t - shirts , so why give us too much more of him ? But I guess when you have the Del Toro by the horns ( as you did here Steven ) , I guess it is your saving grace for not totally executing " Che : Parts 1 & 2 " . * * * Average
1 I 've read up a little bit on Che before watching this film and you wanna know something , he was a real hero for the people because he only wanted to see equality for everyone and that he hated what the oppressive forces were doing to his people as well as all other Latin Americans in general ! Now , I do n't know about others , but to me he did the right thing by wanting socialism so that everyone had to pay their fair share . However , the powerful elite obviously were n't going to go for that . So , rather than understanding what Che Guevera wanted , they were forced to kill him in attempting to suppress the revolution . It did n't work since there were too many of his other followers who only picked up where he left off . A good example of this was when Castro continued his leadership in Cuba . As far as I 'm concerned and as Che said it himself right before he died : " If you kill me , that 's fine . But you 're only killing a man , you 'll NEVER kill the cause ! " I could n't have said it any better myself.<br /><br />But ... ANYWAYS .... that 's why I give this film a 7 out of 10 .
1 I watched part one two days ago and today I saw part two . Of course the two parts are worlds apart so I am a little shaken by all that I just saw . I felt consumed by the knowledge of the inevitability of Che 's death ; for me , it clouded the entire movie . I suppose that is exactly what Soderbergh wanted us to feel , the slowly evolving inevitability of his death . Part Two was so downbeat compared to , again an inevitability but in Cuba it was positive and in Bolivia it was so negative . The politics of the movement in Bolivia were only alluded to but rarely confronted didactically . For me the memorable scenes were all at the end of the film : the confrontation with the jailer and the milder talk with the Bolivian official where that official questions Che about the failure of the peasants to support his revolution . I had not considered the national differences playing as much role as they did in the conflict , Argentine versus Bolivian . I thought Soderbergh dealt admirably with the inevitable problems of supply in a revolutionary struggle ; how do you get food without antagonizing the peasants who do not have enough themselves . I was struck by how hard it would be to try something as Che tried . I guess it is all in the timing ; is there sufficient anger against the government to begin the movement ; in Bolivia there was n't . Che realized the terrible corundum of revolutionists in his letter to Fidel read at the beginning of the film : If not now , when , 50 years from now . A very thought provoking and well done film ; make every effort to see it .
1 From what I 've read a lot of people were disappointed by this film , compared to Part 1 . Initially I could understand this but after a bit of thought I think they are wrong to be . Soderbergh continues his fact based telling of Che 's life that he started in Part 1 . Part 1 told a story of a revolution moving from unpromising beginnings to an ultimately successful conclusion . Part 2 tells a story of a revolution that moves from unpromising beginnings to a completely unsuccessful conclusion . It is not Soderbergh 's fault that these 2 parts of Che 's life had completely different outcomes . He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way . The viewer may feel a lot better coming out of the cinema after Part 1 than Part 2 but that is the reality of Che 's life and not in my opinion any fault of the director . The film is far from perfect . It is probably too long . At least in Part 1 we saw different aspects of the war as the guerrillas had successes . In Part 2 they ca n't catch a break and we see their numbers constantly being reduced by death and capture . Che 's capture and death are dealt with well . The film is greatly enhanced by the dialogue being in Spanish . Benicio Del Toro is again excellent as the charismatic Argentinian . So if you 've seen Part 1 you will see a very similar telling of a very different story in Part 2 .
1 The first one meant victory . This one means defeat . It takes place in a Bolivia , there the guerillas are sick and wary and do n't meet that much sympathy from the farmers . If you know your 60s history , you understand how it ends . You will understand it even without that knowledge.<br /><br />Del Toro is once again splendid . He goes on building this icon about the revolutionary who remains the same , regardless of success or failure . That 's what Guevara is according to the legend , but still it 's so well acted.<br /><br />The documentary feeling is there around the icon , which is one of the greatest achievements in this big Soderbergh project . He has succeeded .
1 Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA , is also a great achievement but not quite as entertaining as PART I because this is where we begin to witness what might have caused the fall and death of Che Guevara . Once again , I 'm impressed by the cause - and - effect that both parts have in their interconnecting stories . We 're reminded again and again that the lead character , Che Guevara is an Argentine . Some of the men in Fidel 's army chose not to take orders from a Foreigner and now that Che has chosen to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia , he does n't get much respect from his new army and the natives either , only because he 's a foreigner.<br /><br />As far as technical goes , I think Part II would 've been more helpful if before everything else , right after the display of the map , it would show some highlights from the previous installment just to refresh memory about his characters and what he 's set himself on doing , to make the audience understand why his methods was successful in Cuba but they do n't work in Bolivia . It is clear now in this segment , that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro . In Bolivia , he 's dealing with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not fully in it . It 's said that the ingredient for revolutionary is love .. well , they do n't give a damn that much about their country so it 's a tough sell . It 's excruciatingly painful and difficult for Che to get the others to buy into his vision.<br /><br />I like one particular scene that illustrates Che 's deteriorating condition , a scene in which his horse would not go no matter how badly Che tries to direct it , and then his temper took the better of him and for a moment there , he forgets he 's a doctor , and he becomes this desperate soldier who 's stabs his own horse . His army is like a horse that does n't want to be led . But at the same time , the film drags , it relies on small cameos from familiar faces that you 'll recognize just for the sake of brief entertainment and for the most part , you get pounded left and right by one obstacle after another , but maybe that is the intention of Part II , if so .. then it definitely works . Standing ovation to the cinematography that gives us a first person view at the moment of Che 's last breath . This movie may not answer the questions of why Che Guevara was so stubborn , why he was so determined he could pull it off even wen the odds were against him and why he deeply wants South America to have the same fate as Cuba but the movie CHE is a story worth telling .
1 Possibly the most brilliant thing about Che : Part Two , as we begin to integrate it with Part One in our minds , is that there is no clarification of why Che chose to confidentially abscond from Cuba after the revolution , no allusion to his experience in the Congo , no clarification of why he chose Bolivia as his subsequent setting for a coup d'etat , no allusion to the political decisions he made as a young man motorcycling across South America , which Walter Salles has given prominent familiarity . Extraordinary focus is given to Che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions . Yet hardly any endeavor is made to single them out as individuals , to establish involved relationships . He is reasonably unreasonable . Che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind . But there is no feeling that he is deeply directly concerned with his men . It is the concept.<br /><br />In Part 1 , in Cuba , the rebels are welcomed by the people of the villages , given food and cover , supported in what grows to be a victorious revolution . Here , in Bolivia , not much understanding is apparent . Villagers expose him . They protect government troops , not his own . When he expounds on the onesidedness of the government medical system , his audience appears uninterested . You can not lead a people into revolution if they do not want to comply . Soderbergh shows U.S. military advisers working with the Bolivians , but does n't fault the United States for Che 's collapse . Che seems to have just misfigured his fight and the place where he wanted to have it.<br /><br />In showcasing both wars , Soderbergh does n't build his battle scenes as actions with specific results . Che 's men attack and are attacked . They exchange fire with faraway assailants . There is generally a cut to the group in the aftershock of combat , its death toll not paused for . This is not a war movie . It is about one man 's reasonably unreasonable drive to endure . There is no elaborate cinematography . Soderbergh looks firmly at Che 's inflexible dedication . There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots , but being few they are all the more powerful , such as Che 's POV shot during his final beats . There is an abundance of the terrain , where these men live for weeks at a time , and the all - consuming effect is of languor , Guevara himself having malaria part of the time.<br /><br />Benicio Del Toro , one of the film 's producers , gives a champion 's performance , not least because it 's modest . He is n't portrayed as the cutting edge like most epic heroes . In Cuba , he arises in conquest , in Bolivia , he falls to the reverse , and occasionally is actually difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair . Del Toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude . You may think the film is too long . I think there 's a genuine cause for its breadth . Guevara 's affairs in Cuba and particularly Bolivia was not a sequence of episodes and sketches , but an undertaking of staying power that might virtually be called insane . In the end , Che as a whole or in parts is a commercially ballsy movie , one where its director begins by understanding the limits innate in cinematic biography and working progressively within those means .
1 I 'm going to review the 2 films as a whole because I feel that is how it should be considered , and watched . When I talk about ' the film ' I am talking about parts 1 & 2 together when watched one after the other , as they should be.<br /><br />Thank you Jon Anderson , Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro.<br /><br />This film is a refreshing , bold , gritty and true film . And , it hearkens a new style of film making . No Faux drama . No Swelling sound track . Not Faux Documentary style . Just clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts . I have been reading Jon Anderson 's " Che Guevara : A Revolutionary Life " and recently finished Fidel 's Auto biography , and this had helped my ability to soak this film in properly . But I have to say that it is Jon Anderson 's exhaustive , penultimate and wonderful biography that has given this film the proper historical back bone . Anderson was consultant on this film ( or these 2 films ) . What makes this film a true thing is that it is clean . No swelling music or slow - motion photography to heighten drama , and even more importantly ; no fake documentary shaky camera . Just square shots and straight forward shooting style . The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle . Benicio Del Toro should be given full honors for this , I never doubted him as Che throughout the film ... not once . He did a wonderful job and I will respect him for ever for this . Some people complain that the film only deals with 2 slices of his life and not the whole . But I think this is one of the true beautiful aspects of this film : it does n't try to be everything . It does n't try to ' tell the story ' . A person 's life is too multifaceted to try and tell in 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 or 32 hours . This is one of the subtle beauties of this film , it resists that temptation , and stays focused on the intent of letting us GET A FEEL FOR CHE , HIS DEVELOPING MILITARISTIC MIND AND THE FORCES AROUND HIM . It focuses on 3 slices of time : The Battle to over throw Batista , Che 's U.N. speech and the Gorilla preparations in Bolivia . " Motorcycle Diaries " already told his young man side , and I applaud S. Soderbergh for focusing on other aspects instead . I keep referring to Jon Anderson 's book and the film stays true . The only weak link for me are the casting ( not the performance ) of Matt Damon . In a film so loaded with true to life performances , an American , ( Matt Damon ) playing a Bolivian is a clunky stretch - he does well , but after so much care in the casting , this was an over - site . Small and completely forgiven . The reality that the rest of the casting gives you , and most notably Benicio Del Toro 's amazing job , put 's this film at the top of my list.<br /><br />The fact that this film went almost straight to video say 's something about how the cold war ethics that would never allow the ' revolutionized Cuba ' to become what it might have , are still at work keeping it 's story quiet . If not out of clandestine muffling , then out of the effects of properly done propaganda that has prejudiced this topic.<br /><br />This is a must see film , and Jon Anderson 's " Che Guevara : A Revolutionary Life " is a must read if you want to start to get a grasp of the early effects on the global mind set regarding the expansion of international / political financial chess moves of the 40 's , 50 's & 60 's that placed unfair pressure on our South American neighbors , and the effects it fostered .
1 The year is 1964 . Ernesto " Che " Guevara , having been a Cuban citizen for the last five years , disappears from the face of the Earth , leaving a glum Fidel Castro to announce that he is probably dead , when in truth , he has left Cuba to move to Bolivia to live an assumed identity . Whilst living in La Paz , Guevara undertakes an idea to overthrow the corrupt , bourgeois government there . Once again , Steven Soderberg takes up where ' Che : Part One ' leaves off ( only better this time ) . The pacing is more on target , the job of acting is ever so fine ( including a turn by a sickly looking Benecio Del Toro , as Che Guevara ) . Suffice it to say , it 's probably best if you see both films , to get the true story of Guevara & what kind of a man he was ( I had the rare open window of opportunity to see both films at one screening----talk about a long haul ! ) . As with ' Che - Part 1:The Argentine',this film has no MPAA rating , but contains enough salty language & violence to easily snag it an ' R ' .
1 I would n't be surprised if Soderbergh was pressured to avoid making pre- revolution Cuba as graphically corrupt as it was . Merely reciting a few statistics is n't going to make it with the younger crowd . Still , part one , which is almost entirely shot in the jungle , does capture the feel of that place , especially when traversing the mountainous areas of Cuba . I liked Del Toro 's interpretation of Che Guevara 's personality . And the actor who plays Castro , Bichir , also did a great job , against all odds . It 's clear Soderbergh does n't look down on these people , but it 's also clear he 's not going to plea their case to ' yanquis ' far removed from the recent past . Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I 've read . To my knowledge Castro did not court the Soviet Union until all attempts to gain acceptance from the United States were exhausted . But on other aspects he is right on , especially as to the looting by the expatriates as the island went other rebel control . The country 's treasury was left empty .
1 I can not quite understand why any of the " reviewers " gave this documentary " 0 " other than for political reasons . No , the film did not investigate both " sides " of the story , but then surely one film in favour of Chavez against the tides of propaganda against him should be seen as an attempt to balance out the narrative overall ( especially given A. the history of CIA involvement in Latin America in fermenting civil unrest - google National Security Archive and B. the coverage in that country and elsewhere of the clearly faked scenes of Chavez supporters shooting non - existent opponents ) . What is most amazing about this film is the fact that the film makers stayed in the presidential palace all of the way though the coup - surely a first in documentary making - images of a coup from both sides ! ! !
1 This is something new.<br /><br />There 's a coup d'etat and a couple of irish documentary filmmakers are right inside of it.<br /><br />A democratically elected president who uses his power to bring literacy to his people and encourages them to read the constitution is being slandered by the private media openly as dictator , mentally unstable , new hitler , etc . without repercussion from the governments side ( like , say , silencing them via bullets and other traditional dictatorial methods ) . Oh , and they still claim that they are being suppressed , of course.<br /><br />See how the media gloats about their own role in the coup d'etat on TV after they toppled the government with the help of rouge generals ( how much more stupid can you get ? ? ) .<br /><br />And see how the people of Venezuela march to the palace , holding the constitution in their hands , and reinstall their elected government.<br /><br />This sounds like a Hollywood fairytale , but it happened for real , against the explicit wishes of the USA . The documentary is a historical masterpiece , shot from the center of the action , acute and totally embarrassing for the prime supporters of the coup : The good , democratic , freedom loving , benevolent USA ( who still channel large amounts of money to Chavez ' political opponents).<br /><br />Also highly entertaining and exciting . 10 points .
1 I just saw this last night , it was broadcast on the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation 's ' Passionate Eye ' series . It has been screened recently ( Sept. 2003 ) at the Toronto International Film Festival as well as many others . It is a quite remarkable film . The filmmakers literally stumbled into the story , being there to make a documentary about Chavez himself . Instead , they found themselves squarely in the middle of events as the coup unfolded . They had unprecedented access to events and people and , for the most part , let the story unfold as it happens . They , of course , have their own ideological perspective ( which they make evident ) but they keep themselves in the background and instead try to focus attention on the events , the people , and the background and history leading up to the coup . As a film , it is not ground - breaking in a stylistic or aesthetic sense , and that is , I think , the way it should be . What we get to see what ' embedded ' journalism should really be . What we get to see is a remarkable account of a country struggling to attain democracy ... a charismatic leader ( Chavez ) who actually cares for his people ... a story about power and greed as a coalition of corporate / military / media interests combine to lead a coup of a democratically elected leader ... and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.<br /><br / >
1 I collect Horror films from all over and I have seen the good and the very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video . Sure , the acting is bad , the storyline is basically a mix of all zombie movies thrown together and the quality is low in some spots . The thing you seem to be missing is that it 's still entertaining and really very fun . The effects range from , like someone on here has said , pasty - faced zombies that look like KISS rejects to really good ones with some amazing latex work . But the reason you buy a movie with a title like this is for the gore and this film is amazing in that area . The effects are very good for such a small film . Someone called it a Party movie and it is . 100 % fun party movie . I have heard from various websites that this is actually a " rough cut " of the film that got general release but the actual " director 's cut " is coming on DVD and it is very nice quality . I will buy it and judge for myself.<br /><br />Story is basically a Nuclear power plant goes bad and makes zombies . The gov't closes it down , hides the story and sanctions houses to be built over it . Some of the plant is still underground and these undead come up and attack the area . A few actors do a great job , there 's some pretty straight social commentary that is insightful and true , good music , great lighting , some effective suspense and tons of blood and sick gore . One guy gets attacked and ripped from the lower area all the way up , if you know what I mean . Then his guts are shoved out of his mouth . Another is torn in half like in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job of that effect . There are a million gore gags and it 's almost ALL action . I say stop being a prude , enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market . Two great undead epics.<br /><br />OK - UPDATE ! ! ! I just got the DVD set and here is what I thought:<br /><br />MUCH better picture quality and for once I was able to see the actual DIRECTOR 'S CUT of the film and it is a much better movie . I liked it before , but now I can see what Todd Sheets was actually trying to do with this one . And the commentary helps too , hearing Sheets talk about the film in detail , He knows it 's a trashy zombie movie , but he does show respect to all people involved . Also , Sheets has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn from in the movie field . The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well . I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for . There are some great interviews and behind the scenes footage , mixed with news stories about the film from some major places like CNN , FOX and MTV . Over all , a fun little film that is VERY rough around the edges , but still had me laughing and enjoying the ride ! I have seen many DV films , and some shot of video films , and many are quite dull , but this one really was n't . While newer DV films are technically superior , they just are n't this much fun!<br /><br />PS - I heard they are now remaking this on a big budget ? ? ?
1 This in my opinion is one of the best action movies of the 1970s . It not only features a great cast but is also loaded with wild shootouts and explosions that are still impressive today . The story is about a Vietnam vet ( Kris Kristofferson ) being recruited by his brother ( Jan - Michael Vincent ) to help clean up the criminal element in a small town and what happens when Kris starts taking advantage of his position and becomes as bad as the criminals he was hired to get rid of . It 's great seeing Kris play against type . Bernadette Peeters and Victoria Principal both offer great support as the respective ladies of the two male stars . Jan - Michael shows real movie star persona in this film . I do n't think Vigilante Force is on video but it occasionally shows up on TV . It 's a great flick for guys who like movies .
1 This movie could only originate in the 1970 's ! ! It 's a bizarre action movie set in a small California workers town . Some sort of mill or plant is closing down , so suddenly , rampant bad behavior is occurring in the streets ! The townsfolk 's are fed up ! So Ben Arnold ( Jan Michael Vincent ) , goes to another town to recruit his brother , Aaron , played by Kris Kristofferson . Aaron is a Vietnam Vet who looks and acts a little … off balance . He hangs out with a bunch of other surly Vietnam vet 's . They come into town to clean it up ( they become deputized ) , but underneath their good deeds , they are actually running gambling houses , asking for protection money , etc . ! ! ! It takes a while for people to catch on , and in a biblical Cain and Abel showdown , Vincent has to take on his older brother . There 's an interesting blue - collar sleaze atmosphere to this movie , which makes it interesting ( note the cock - fighting scene ! ) . Vincent is almost too angelic in this role – he thinks so highly of his brother , he can not conceive of him committing the evil deeds he 's accused of . He finally comes to his senses – his girlfriend , Victoria Principal , is brutally shot in the back & he himself is beaten up in his home . Kris Kristofferson is creepily effective as Aaron . He coolly denies any wrong - doing , and even gently coos and talks to Vincent 's young daughter ( she refers to him as ' Uncle Aaron ' ) even while he 's threatening her father 's life , all the while smiling ! Vincent and Kristofferson have good contrasting chemistry with each other . Bernadette Peters makes an interesting appearance as a ' saloon ' girl who attracts Aaron 's attention . This is a good 70 's action movie , if you can find it ! ! It is NOT available on DVD yet …
1 Anarchy and lawlessness reign supreme in the podunk hick hamlet of Elk Hills . The town elders deputize tough , cagey Vietnam veteran Aaron ( a wonderfully robust and engaging performance by Kris Kristofferson ) and several of his fellow vet buddies to clean up the place . The plan goes sour when Aaron and his cruel cronies decide to take over Elk Hills after they get rid of all the bad elements . It 's up to Aaron 's decent do - gooder brother Ben ( amiably played by Jan - Michael Vincent ) to put a stop to him before things get too out of hand . Writer / director George ( " Miami Blues , " " Gross Pointe Blank " ) Armitage whips up a delightfully amoral , cynical and wickedly subversive redneck drive - in exploitation contemporary Western winner : he expertly creates a gritty , no - nonsense tone , keeps the pace brisk and unflagging throughout , and stages the plentiful action scenes with considerable muscular aplomb ( the rousing explosive climax is especially strong and stirring ) . The first - rate cast of familiar B - feature faces constitutes as a major asset : Victoria Principal as Ben 's sweet hottie girlfriend Linda , the fabulous Bernadette Peters as flaky saloon singer Little Dee , Brad Dexter as the feckless mayor , David Doyle as a slimy bank president , Andrew Stevens as an affable gas station attendant , John Carpenter movie regular Charles Cyphers as one of the ' Nam vets , Anthony Carbone as a smarmy casino manager , John Steadman as a folksy old diner owner , Paul Gleason as a mean strong - arm shakedown bully , and Dick Miller as a talentless piano player . Moral : Do n't hire other people to do your dirty work . William Cronjager 's slick cinematography , Gerald Fried 's lively , harmonic hillbilly bluegrass score , and the abundant raw violence further add to the overall trashy fun of this unjustly neglected little doozy .
1 This is a pretty strange movie . It does comes across as an exploitation film with over - the - top violence and unrealistic situations , but unusual for being constructed around rural characters at war with each other , as opposed to an invading ' other'.<br /><br />The movie is an excessive stereotype of Vietnam veterans , in a long line of films that portrayed the vets of that war as dangerous psycopaths . Kris Kristofferson 's last line is ' I ai n't lost a war yet ' , as he meets his demise after wreaking a long trail of murder and destruction , including the town 's chief of police and his brother 's girlfriend in a particularly chilling scene . However , Kristofferson is a good enough actor , and charismatic enough , to carry this villain with a surprising depth . Vincent is clearly the golden boy , but with enough intensity layered over his clean cut goodness . The movie bears some plot resemblance to Winchester 73 where Jimmy Stewart tries to tolerate a criminal brother until being forced to act against him.<br /><br />The movie has b - movie grade action , though the presence of Kristofferson , Vincent , a gorgeous Victoria Principal and Bernadette Peters give it an A - grade lineup.<br /><br />I give it a 7 for being a long lost view into an American psyche of post - Vietnam / pre - Reagan introspection , paranoia , and confusion , and a movie industry that was willing to address such topics at that time.<br /><br />Seen on the THIS channel , a great network that keeps playing lots of old movies of the 70s through 90s , regardless of political bent .
1 I remember seeing this one when I was seven or eight . I must have found the characters round , because they left a impression in my mind that lasted for a long time after the end of the movie . And the ending , now that 's sad , well ... for a 7 - 8 year old kid.<br /><br />I had the opportunity of seeing this movie again lately , and found that the plot was too simple , the character , two - dimensional ... I guess it 's the kind of movie that you can only with the innocence of a young child ... Pity ... <br /><br />I recommend this one for all you parents with small kids ... ( I saw it in its original french version , so I can not tell you whether the translation is good or not . )
1 * * * 1/2 Out of * * * * * While I am not concerned with the fact that this is an English dubbed version as some reviewers have mentioned , it should be noted , as it seems to reside in many Quebecois native hearts . However , this was a movie as a child that I was a fervent admirer of ; keeping in mind now that it was made for children , I rate it on a relative basis . The story is of children on winter break building an awesome snow fort , and jostling back-'n - forth for control with weapons such as snowballs and other concoctions , as idle hands and free time equal winter break lessons . If I had children , this definitely is a film I would try and get them interested in , as the snow fort wowed me when I was young , and I think even children today would agree , albeit with Pixar and all the computer animation , maybe I am out of date and just do n't realize it . In addition , the movie 's message is wonderfully allegorical and a positive one at that , for children ( and adults alike ) .
1 This movie was very good because it remember when I was young when I maked snow castle . It was so fun . This movie is interessant . This is a good quebeker movie with no much money and is also a magical movie because their wonderfull castle is very big and beautiful .
1 What can i say about this movie ? I have seen it quite a few times since the first time when i was around 6 . I have seen the english version and it is done very well . It is a great movie for all ages , but it is directed more for children . I love the childlike humor and appreciate it . If you have not seen it , you should try to rent a copy , you will not be disappointed !
1 But the rest of us , who love a good sentimental and emotional story that is a lock to get you crying .. enjoy ! < br /><br />Tom Hulce is magnificent as Dominick , a mentally slow trashman who loves professional wrestling and his brother , Eugene , played by Ray Liotta , who is a doctor and who works very long hours . < br /><br />Due to Eugene 's work schedule , Dominick is alone a lot of the time and tends to make questionable judgment calls . He really just wants to be a good boy , to do the right thing , and to make his brother proud of him . He stops in church to pray at one point and expresses his emotions so openly and so well that the character has you crying before the damn movie even gets really started . < br /><br />Not about to give anything away here , but the movie is extremely involving and sad and heartbreaking . Those unafraid of these things will have a field day with this beautiful story , its loving characters and a great song I can not quote here , that has nothing to do with the movie at all but is strangely appropriate .. but you hear it in a bar.<br /><br />I thought Tom Hulce would be nominated for this movie , since he was for ' Amadeus ' I figured that might give him the inside track to actually winning . No such luck . Liotta is just as good but has less of an emotional impact , but then he does later on . All I can say about Jamie Lee Curtis is that she does n't have much of a part here but it was nice of her to lend her name to a small drama set in Pittsburgh about two brothers who you will never forget .
1 I want to warn you that there is a very bittersweet quality to this comment . Also , this comment will be much more meaningful to you after you have seen the movie.<br /><br />Although it is tragically sad to say , that movie bears a resemblance to my life that is so striking that it is truly scary . The rest of you will never know how accurately that movie depicts how persons who have been in situations like that act and react in their later lives.<br /><br />This could not have been a work of fiction ; it had to be based on personal experience.<br /><br />My testament to the how good the movie was is shown by the fact that , although it was one of the best movies I 've ever seen , watching my life portrayed on the silver screen was such a searingly painful experience that I will never be able to see it again.<br /><br />But I endorse it heartily to all others as a chance to peer into the soul of another human being to the extent that you probably never experienced before or will ever again . I know that for a fact , because that 's my soul you will be observing .
1 This film was excellent - the emotional power of Tom Hulce and Ray Liotta 's performances brought tears to my eyes and joy to my heart - this film shows us that there is still hope in the world . If this film had come out at the end of 1988 , instead of Rain Man , Hulce would certainly have been at least nominated for a Best Actor Oscar . Definitely a must - see !
1 If you have any kind of heart and compassion for people , this is a tough movie to watch , at least in the second half of it . < br /><br />It 's in that segment where we see nice little kid get beaten up and then a retarded ( mentally- challenged ) man go off the deep end after he witnesses this brutal act against the child . It 's not pleasant material.<br /><br />However , it 's a good movie and the acting is good , too . The story will sit with you awhile.<br /><br />"Dominick " is the mentally - disabled guy and is played by Tom Hulce . I think this might be Hulce 's best role ever . He 's looked after by a med student , " Eugene , " played by Ray Liotta , who became a star the following year with Kevin Costner 's " Field Of Dreams." < br /><br />Dominick is a goodhearted garbage man who reads " Hulk " comic books and loves wrestling . He 's the type of " slow " guy that you ca n't help but love and root for to live a happy life . When he freaks out , it 's for several good reasons and ... well , see the film for the whole story . It 's worth your time but be prepared to go on real emotional roller coaster and possibly be very upset at some things you see .
1 Words are seriously not enough convey the emotional power of this film ; it 's one of the most wrenching you 'll ever see , yet the ending is one of the most loving , tender , and emotionally fulfilling you could hope for . Every actor in every role is terrific , especially a wise and understated Jamie Lee Curtis , a tightly wound and anguished Ray Liotta , and a heart - stopping turn from Tom Hulce that should have had him up for every award in the book . ( He 's the # 1 pick for 1988 's Best Actor in Danny Peary 's " Alternate Oscars . " ) The last half hour borders on melodrama , but the film earns every one of its tears -- and unless you 're made of stone , there will be plenty of them .
1 Dominick ( Nicky ) Luciano wears a ' Hulk ' T - shirt and trudges off everyday to perform his duties as a garbage man . He uses his physical power in picking up other 's trash and hauling it to the town dump . He reads comic - book hero stories and loves wrestlers and wrestling , Going to WrestleMania with his twin brother Eugene on their birthday is a yearly tradition . He talks kindly with the many people he comes in contact with during his day . He reads comic books , which he finds in the trash , with a young boy who he often passes by while on the garbage route . Unfortunately , Dominick has a diminished ability to use his mind . He has a disability.<br /><br />Dominick 's disability came as a result of an injury to the head in which he suffered traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) . This injury left him slower , though it did not change his core characteristic as a strong individual who helps to protect others . Dominick is actually more able to live independently than he may seem at the beginning of the film . He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor . Dominick provides the main source of income , while Eugene is off studying . Eugene must face the fact that he is to continue his education in a different city , and that he must move away from Dominick . Eugene also develops a romance which begins to separate him from his twin brother.<br /><br />The film deals specifically with domestic abuse and how this can impact individuals , families , and then society as a whole . The strain that escalates between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes that he must eventually leave Nicky , exploded on their birthday night . Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall . In this moment , Eugene must confront his own fears of being like his abusive father , the father which Dominick protected him against while he himself became the victim of the abuse . This event cemented the love between the two brothers , who from then on became the best of friends . Though they needed each other , they also both needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationship with others . The fact that they must part ways became a very real emotional strain . However , by the end of the film , Dominick is able to say good bye to his brother and wish him luck . Eugene is able to leave his brother with the confidence that he has started to make a social network of people who care about him and will help him with his independence.<br /><br />When Dominick witnesses the abuse of his friend he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own trauma . In this state of extreme stress , Dominick almost completely shuts down . He then runs after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend . After learning that the boy has died , he is confronted by the abusive father who , fearing his testimonial , tells him he did n't see nothing , does n't know anything , and not to say anything , and that if he does he will kill him . Now that his own life has been threatened , he goes and find the hand gun that Larry used to kill the rats . He goes to the wake of the deceased boy and at gunpoint , kidnaps the baby of the grieving family . He runs away from the scene and hides in a building . When the police surround him , Eugene goes in the building to talk to his brother . Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick 's disability and they bring the baby back . The abusive father then wields a gun of his own threatening to kill Dominick , but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw the father throw his son down the stairs.<br /><br />Through the climactic ending , the issue of dysfunctional behavior comes into view . Though Dominick 's instinct to save the baby can be understood , we also see how damaging this response is . Dominick put the baby 's life and his own life in grave danger . The larger societal consequences of these events is not directly implicated , but rather shown through the films ending . Despite the more optimistic ending portrayal , another sequence of events might just have likely occurred , in which Dominick is charged with kidnapping and possession of a firearm . It is somewhat difficult to believe that this went completely unaccounted . Furthermore , even if Dominick is not charged , there may still be a stigma against him within the community , not that there was n't one before these events . Instead , the film shows that we must be able to recognize problematic behavior and act to curb it.<br /><br />Dominick and Eugene was released in 1988 , the same year as another film , Rainman , which won 5 Academy Awards . While Rainman was an achievement and helped increase the visibility with person with disabilities , it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene holds more valuable lessons for society . Whereas , Rainman demonstrated that mainstream American society might be able to learn from and care for a ' savant ' , if the ' savant ' is the inheritor of a large estate . Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability might be able to care for and help save members of American society . The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988 . Hopefully someday society will see the strengths of individuals with disabilities , not as a threat , but as imperative for the strength of society .
1 This was on at 2 or so In the morning one Saturday a few years ago , for various reasons I do n't remember the entire story but what remains are the two standout performances from the central characters . Dom has had a unfortunate lot , manipulated & literally working a rubbish job , Eugene torn between personal aspirations and duty towards his sibling . Tom Hulce ' Dom does n't plead for sympathy - It comes naturally . Ray Liotta Is a universe away from Henry Hill , displaying a soft centre In what must feel a thankless position.<br /><br />In many ways this deals with the dilemma many young carer 's face - the past or the future . As It turns out , with some work the two can happily co - exist . Thoughtfully handled & sensitively played Dominick & Eugene Is difficult not to warm to .
1 I loved this movie ! It was all I could do not to break down into tears while watching it , but it is really very uplifting . I was struck by the performance of Ray Liotta , but especially the talent of Tom Hulce portraying Ray 's twin brother who is mentally slow due to a tragic and terrible childhood event . But Tom 's character , though heartbreaking , knows no self pity and is so full of hope and life . This is a great movie , do n't miss it ! !
1 TOM HULCE * turns in yet another Oscar - worthy performance as Dominick Luciano , the brain - damaged garbage man who 's helping put his brother ( Ray Liotta as Eugene ) through medical school.<br /><br />This is a must - see for all movie lovers and all lovers of life and people!<br /><br />=========== > * From the small studder to the eratic dancing , to the repeated words " Oh , Jeez " whenever Nicky is in a bind , the belieavablitly of Tom 's performance is so excellent that you will have to concentrate to remember that it 's an actor on screen !
1 One of my favorite movies I saw at preview in Seattle . Tom Hulce was amazing , with out words could convey his feelings / thoughts . I actually sent Mike Ferrell some donation money to help the film get distributed . It is good . System says I need more lines but do not want to give away plot stuff . I was in the audience in Seattle with Hulce and director , a writer I think and Mike Ferrell . They talked for about an hour afterwords . Not really a dry eye in the house . Why Hollywood continues to be stupid I do not know . ( actually I do know , it is our fault , look what we watch)Well you get what you pay for guys . Get this and see it with someone special . It is a gem .
1 The emotional powers and characters of Dominick and Eugene are the things that Hollywood does n't make anymore . This is one of the most emotional , sensitive , and heart - felt movies that I have ever seen ! Roy Liotta , Tom Hulce , and supporting actress Jamie Lee Curtis , deliver Oscar Winning caliber performances ! There are not enough words to express how great this movie is . Sure , people who are not into sentimental movies may not care as much as the rest of us about Dominick and Eugene , but for the rest of us , this movie goes right to the heart and sole of compassion and humanity . You will never forget this film , EVER!<br /><br />*****SPOILERS BELOW*****<br /><br />The simple yet eloquent story is masterfully told . Eugene is a med - school intern who faces long hours and a demanding work load at the hospital . His fraternal twin brother Dominick ( born 12 minutes earlier ) is a little slow and awkward because of brain damage due to a victim of abuse by their father . ( A heartbreaking moment when this is found out in the film that will leave you in tears ! ) Eugene ( a.k.a " Geno " ) faces a painful dilemma . He must decide whether to finish medical school , which would mean accepting his residency in another city and leave Dominick ( a.k.a " Nicky " ) behind , or forfeit the rest of his education to take care of him . Nicky helps pay his brother 's med - school tuition by working as a trash collector.<br /><br />The questions of ethics , morals , and responsibilities are masterfully blended in this landmark movie . Just when Gino thinks Nicky might be making progress toward independence , Dominick turns around and winds up doing things like helping out a drug dealer , or tying to use a faulty cord that he finds at the dump on an electrical appliance.<br /><br />Larry , is " The Character " and Nicky 's partner on his garbage route who fills gullible Dominick 's head with all kinds of stories like Geno and Jennifer ( his girlfriend , whom he is tutoring in Clinical Pharmacology ) going to Atlantic City and gambling away all their money . But deep down , you can see that Larry cares for him . On their rounds , Nicky also befriends a little boy , whom we find out has also been beaten by his father . An end result is also tragic and the pain that you see on Nicky 's face when it happens , speaks volumes.<br /><br />The sensitivity that the two brothers share for each other can not be overstated enough . All Nicky wants to do is be loved and look for acceptance in anyway he can . ( i.e he goes to church , loves Hulk Hogan ) Geno loves Nicky more than anything in the world . But can his brother become independent enough so that Geno can pursue his dream of becoming a doctor ? A brilliant film that should have gotten tons more recognition than it deserved , but unfortunately came out around the same time as Rain Man , which dealt with a similar issue . However , I like Dominick and Eugene better because it has a far stronger emotional component . Be forewarned that this movie is aimed right at the tear - ducts , so have Kleenex handy ! What a film ! ! ! !
1 Ray Liotta and Tom Hulce shine in this sterling example of brotherly love and commitment . Hulce plays Dominick , ( Nicky ) a mildly mentally handicapped young man who is putting his 12 minutes younger , twin brother , Liotta , who plays Eugene , through medical school . It is set in Baltimore and deals with the issues of sibling rivalry , the unbreakable bond of twins , child abuse and good always winning out over evil . It is captivating , and filled with laughter and tears . If you have not yet seen this film , please rent it , I promise , you 'll be amazed at how such a wonderful film could go un - noticed .
1 I just purchased and viewed the DVD of this film . The DVD transfer is from last year , 2001 . This 1988 film is really a great little film . Overlooked by most people . I saw it in the theater in 1988 and have loved it ever since . I love the opening shot of Pittsburgh ( not Baltimore , as another user commented ) . Makes Pittsburgh look like one of the most beautiful cities in the world ! And I must say , the tour of Pitts on the garbage truck with Nicky is a very scenic , interesting one ! Tom Hulce , as everyone else has said , gives a remarkable , wonderful performance . The DVD is a good transfer , with no extras , but a widescreen format . I recommend it to those who love the movie .
1 I 'm gon na tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this . However , the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies . It 's definitely something that most people will not get , as is the nature of absurdism.<br /><br />the animation is horrible , but yes , that 's the point . The main character is foul mouthed , violent , and stupid . no redeeming qualities whatsoever . his wife shrieks and wails , apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills . most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.<br /><br />but again , that 's the point ; ) < br /><br />If non sequiters , foul language , and complete and utter randomness are your thing , you 're going to love this.<br /><br />It is really short , so I would probably rent instead of buying .
1 Dumland focuses on the lives of one ( American ? ) family ... The father ; a violent and obscene person who loves to fart and use profanity and who has no redeeming qualities . The mother ; who appears to be a paranoid psychotic , never really says much . The son ; an obscure annoying repetitive little fellow . The animation is simple and crude , but does suite the stories and the characters . The episodes were originally only available from the davidlynch.com website , but have now been released on DVD . There are 8 episodes on the DVD and a brief synopsis follows:<br /><br />1- The Neighbor : We meet the next door neighbor , and find out three things about him ... he has a really nice shed , he only has one arm and he likes to do naughty things with ducks.<br /><br />2- The Treadmill : We find out that the wife has an affinity for exercise , but the husband does n't really think it 's a good idea . In the end , the exercise treadmill is victorious.<br /><br />3- The Doctor : The father has an unfortunate accident with an exposed live wire ... the doctor 's examination is quite thorough ( if not unconventional ) but the diagnosis is " you are perfectly normal " ( but we knew that).<br /><br />4- A Friend Visits : After an altercation with the new clothes hoist , a friend comes to visit ( Believe it or not , he has one ! but after we meet him we can understand why ) , no surprises when he tells us what his hobbies are.<br /><br />5- Get The Stick : We meet another neighbor , he has a stick stuck in his mouth ( although we never find out how it got there ) . Unfortunately , removing the stick from his neighbor 's mouth ends up being harder ( and more violent ) than expected ... but he is victorious in the end ... Jesus some people can be ungrateful!!!<br /><br />6- My Teeth Are Bleeding : This was my favorite episode ... and was also the most mind- numbingly repetitive and annoying ( hmm , what does that say about me ? ? ) . Not sure why the son 's teeth started bleeding , but believe me when I say it was minimal to the plot of the story . Which is an oxymoron , as the story had no plot . But did have a funny ending ( involving a fly)!!<br /><br />7- Uncle Bob : After meeting Uncle Bob , and Uncle bob 's wife , we get a distinct feeling that the Dumbland gene - pool is very shallow . Uncle Bob is a sickly fellow ( I sha n't elaborate , lest I spoil it for you ) . Uncle Bob 's wife definitely wears the pants in his family ... and the father definitely ends up on the wrong side of her ample fist ( and spends the rest of their visit cowering in a tree in the back yard).<br /><br />8- Ants : After the home gets infiltrated with ants , and a misbegotten attempt to bug - spray them goes awry ... he ends up spraying himself in the face with the bug - spray and starts hallucinating . The ants put on a fabulous song and dance show ... he goes berserk trying to kill them , winds up in a full body plaster ... and lets just say , the ants get their vengeance in the end.<br /><br />As bad as these stories are , there is something that kept compelling me to watch them . They do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors . David Lynch . Maybe they were an outlet for him , to get rid of some of his violent thoughts ? ? I did actually laugh out loud at many points within the episodes . Many aspects are absurdly funny ! !
1 This is a short , crudely animated series by David Lynch ( as it says in the beginning ) , and it follows the misadventures of a backwoods , overall - wearing large man , with a wife who has a stress disorder and an annoying son . Both of those elements are harped upon repeatedly in the short episodes , and there 's no real plot to be seen . It 's easier if you think of this as an exceptionally odd , slightly macabre Looney Tunes- with far more gore , profanity , bloody violence , and occasional moments of hilarity.<br /><br />I bought the DVD along with Eraserhead , having previously seen Eraserhead . Do n't look to this series if you want an artistic masterpiece- this is anything but . In fact , it seems to almost be a statement against such things , as its rough style spits in the face of any sort of animation convention you may see . As Lynch says , " If this is funny , it is only funny because we see the absurdity of it all . "
1 I consider myself a great admirer of David Lynch 's works , for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical " Lynch - elements . " Having seen most of his works , I naively thought I could predict Lynch 's next step . I was dead wrong . Dumbland is something I could have never imagined under the name of David Lynch . Still , after my recovery from the first shock , I started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character , and I drew the conclusion that all the absurdities , cruelty , brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality , being emphasized by distorting it . There are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize , for they are either disgusting or horrible , however , they are surrounding us , so I take the courage to say , Dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces . This is not a movie to enjoy , though you 'll sometimes laugh out of a strange , perverted sense of humor , this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe , with its simplicity , morbidity and absurdity . Take it as it is , you do n't have to like it . It just exists . And finally , if you 're attentive enough , you 'll find elements typical to Lynch as well . I recommend it for tolerant people ! ! !
1 I 'm gon na tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this . However , the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies . It 's definitely something that most people will not get , as is the nature of absurdism.<br /><br />the animation is horrible , but yes , that 's the point . The main character is foul mouthed , violent , and stupid . no redeeming qualities whatsoever . his wife shrieks and wails , apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills . most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.<br /><br />but again , that 's the point ; ) < br /><br />If non sequiters , foul language , and complete and utter randomness are your thing , you 're going to love this.<br /><br />It is really short , so I would probably rent instead of buying .
1 Since September of last year , I have been borrowing four to six films each week from the Harold Washington Library , which boasts an impressive DVD collection . ( The HWL truly is a circulating library : three - quarters of its films are out at any given time ! ) Recently , I was thrilled to find The Short Films of David Lynch . Yesterday , knowing little about the animated series , I picked up Dumbland . I 'm here to report that , for David Lynch fans , watching the eight episodes is half an hour well - spent.<br /><br />The most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks . Each episode has its own rhythm . Respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion . Outrageous voices accent pauses ' ends . Physical violence supplies the beats . Chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges . Many other elements fill out the orchestra . The pacing of the crude animation often keeps in sync with the sound , but the soundtrack itself struck me as Lynch 's primary interest in creating and disseminating this work . In a way , these eight shorts are unique Lynchian rhythms.<br /><br />That said , the situations are odd , ugly , profound , dumb and funny as hell . And there 's enough space within them to reflect on how absurd we humans can be . I ca n't say that I 'll watch the collection again , but for anyone who revelled in the movements that is the suite Inland Empire , Dumbland is worth half an hour of your time .
1 It is said that David Lynch 's films and shorts wo n't appeal to everyone . Neither will Dumbland , maybe more than ever . I have a feeling that Dumbland , as people come across it , will be a true mark of ' I get it ' or ' what the hell ' . It 's not surrealism exactly , but absurd to the point of no return . It 's also very , very , very stupid . But in this stupidity can be a sort of ironic intelligence to it , that the maker knows so well how childish and repugnant this is , and this self - consciousness is a plus , not a detraction . < br /><br />It 's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts- the kind that might not even make it on Hertzfeldt and Judge 's Animation show ( which , I might add , Lynch here has a lot in common with both directors in their work- centered on a lummox with an IQ of 20 who has a constantly quivering - with - fear wife , and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and/or an alien . The episodes include little situations like a faulty treadmill , a salesman who can recite the Gettysburg address , watching over a sick brother in law , ant hallucinations , and just wallowing on the couch with noise all around . All the while , Lynch is still experimenting , as he was constantly for better or worse during the period of five years he made on and off Inland Empire.<br /><br />For one thing , he 's going back to the roots of his very first short , Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times , in the usage of repetition as a means to an end . This sometimes works excruciatingly well , and sometimes not . Sometimes , like with the episode with the sitting around the house doing nothing as teeth are bleeding and a fly buzzes around , the absurdism sort of waxes and wanes without much of a good effect . And even an episode like with the guy 's friend coming over is funny more - so for the Beavis & Butt - head comparison ( both laugh like idiots , and are equally engrossed by killing things like fish and sheep ) . What ends up working is how Lynch shows up front delirious abstractions , in the crudest ways imaginable , and excessive violence . < br /><br />In what comes closest to surrealism in " ants " , the guy mistakenly sprays bug - spray ( just called " Kill " , one of Lynch 's very cheap but fun pokes at societal conventions ) on himself , and envisions ants in a musical chorus line , solos included . And one of the most harrowingly funny things I 've ever seen from the filmmaker is " get the stick " , where we just see the guy , cheered on by his son , getting a stick lodged in his mouth . Soon the neck breaks , eyes pop out , and once said stick is removed he does n't watch out for traffic waddling like a manhole cover . Other moments pop up like this in unexpected crevices , and it 's drawn as if on cheap paper with an impetus to shock with foul - mouthed language ( mostly from the man , as well as from the ' grandmother ' , who in one of Lynch 's voices for the characters is the deepest of all ) , and a shaky quality that 's reminiscent of the cream of the crop from ( early ) Hertzfeldt.<br /><br />All the same I 'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would put into someone 's hands if they have n't seen much of Lynch yet let alone anything by him . There are some little points on society made via complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch 's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life . However in general there 's not a whole lot that should be read into it , which is why I 'd say more than half who see it will hate it with a passion . Those who dig the bottom - less pits of animated comedy , be prepared have a blast .
1 Dumbland is not for all . In fact Dumbland maybe in for nobody except Lynch and that 's what make it funny and a collective cartoon . Violent ? Yes . Profanity ? Yes . Absurd ? Yes . A piece of garbage ? Never . Dumbland is a wonderful picture of some Americans that do n't have brains and hit wife and kids for fun . From México I can say I love it ! My favorite episodes are : 1- My teeths are bleeding , all the noise around and violence make me wanna scream and put me behind my bed . 2- Get the stick ! Yeah baby get it and learn a lesson : some people never be thankful for your actions . 3- Ants . The more Lynch episode of all , music , surrealism and a very sweet revenge ...
1 This is a bit of a puzzle for a lot of the artsy Lynch crowd . They tend to try to write this off as some kind of meaningless , crude , side project of Lynch 's . Like this is Lynch passing gas between his real pieces of film art . Well it may be a fart , but its one of those intriguing farts that you catch of a whiff of and are embarrassed to admit you enjoy.<br /><br />Dumbland distilled down beyond this is art . What can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it . If you took it seriously you would go nuts . You hook into it , smell it , taste it , feel its agonies , its unreasoning stupidities , and then express it in any medium you choose . That s called art , and art is n't dumb . But it is Dumbland .
1 I went to this movie expecting an artsy scary film . What I got was scare after scare . It 's a horror film at it 's core . It 's not dull like other horror films where a haunted house just has ghosts and gore . This film does n't even show you the majority of the deaths it shows the fear of the characters . I think one of the best things about the concept where it 's not just the house that s haunted its whoever goes into the house . They become haunted no matter where they are . Office buildings , police stations , hotel rooms ... etc . After reading some of the external reviews I am really surprised that critics did n't like this film . I am going to see it again this week and am excited about it.<br /><br />I gave this film 10 stars because it did what a horror film should . It scared the s**t out of me .
1 Karen ( Sarah Michelle Gellar ) , an exchange student in Japan who is just beginning to do some social work , is sent to aid an elderly semi - catatonic woman , Emma ( Grace Zabriskie ) , after her previous caretaker , Yoko ( Yoko Maki ) , disappears . Karen soon learns that something is not right in Emma 's home , and she attempts to " see how deep the rabbit hole goes".<br /><br />Maybe it 's a delayed influence from the success of M. Night Shyamalan 's films , but slower - paced , understated horror films are a recent trend . In some cases , such as Hide and Seek ( 2005 ) , the approach works remarkably well , and in others , such as White Noise ( 2005 ) , the pacing tends to kill the film . I did n't like The Grudge quite as much as Hide and Seek , but this is still a very good film -- it earns a 9 out of 10 from me.<br /><br />The Grudge has a couple significant differences from other recent examples of that trend , however . One , it is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju - On ( 2000 ) ( in particular , it 's extremely close to the first half of Ju - On : The Grudge , aka Ju - On 3 , from 2003 ) . Two , as with many Japanese horror films , the slower pacing here is n't so much in the realm of realist drama as with surrealism . As is also the case with a large percentage of European horror , The Grudge should be looked at more as a filmed nightmare.<br /><br />Director Takashi Shimizu , also the director of the five Japanese entries in the Ju - On series to date ( the fifth is currently in production ) , and writer Stephen Susco have largely dispensed with linearity and are not overly concerned with logic or plot holes when it comes to the horror behind the story . The idea instead is to present a dreamlike sequence of scenes , with dream logic , where the focus is atmosphere , creepiness , the uncanny , and for many viewers -- scares . How well the film works for you will largely depend on how well you can adapt yourself to , or are used to , this different approach to film - making ( although admittedly , some of the seeming gaps are filled in by previous entries in the Ju - On series ) . Traditionally , American audiences consider as flaws leaving plot threads hanging and abandoning " rules " for the " monster " . A more poetic , metaphorical , surreal approach to film is n't yet accepted by the mainstream in the U.S.<br /><br />However , even if you 're not used to it , it 's worth trying to suspend your normal preconceptions about films and give The Grudge a shot . This is a well written , well directed , well acted film , filled with unusual properties , such as the story interweaving a large number of " main characters " ( which is done better here than the more episodic Ju - On 3 ) , good cinematography , subtle production design touches ( check out Gellar 's clothes , which match the color and texture of the exterior of Emma 's house , when Gellar first approaches ) , and beautifully effective horror material.<br /><br />Even though it is more slowly paced that your average horror film of the past , the pacing usually enhances the eeriness , and there is no shortage of bizarre events to keep horror fans entertained . The supernatural premise of the film is absorbing , and based on interviews on the DVD with Shimizu , have prodded me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore . Although the most interesting subtexts would probably arise with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture , it 's interesting to ponder why so many Japanese horror films feature scary children and adults who look like scary children.<br /><br />I subtracted one point for the film slightly veering into clichéd mystery / thriller territory with a " here 's what really happened " flashback , but even that was fairly well done , and otherwise , this would have been a 10 out of 10.<br /><br />Now that I 've said all of the above , let me finish with a mini - rant : It 's not that I 'm anti - remake , but it is ridiculous that U.S. distributors and studios feel that we need remakes of foreign films to make them appropriate for consumption . The original versions of these films should just be playing in U.S. theaters in wide release . There is no need to present an almost identical film but just substituting white American actors for non - white or foreign actors . Yes , The Grudge is a fine film , but ultimately , I 'd rather see something original using this talent , and be treated to the latest foreign horror films -- not just Japanese , but also Indian , Spanish , Chinese , etc .-- at my multiplex . In the hope that someone with some pull at the studios reads this , it is also more cost - effective to do this , as ( 1 ) you can completely avoid production costs , and simply make domestic distribution deals from which you receive profit , and ( 2 ) you can make money off of fans like myself who otherwise pick up the foreign film DVDs in foreign manufactured or even bootleg versions .
1 " The Grudge " is a remake of Shimizu 's own series of popular Japanese horror films . Shimizu knows he is not dealing with anything new , so he does what any intelligent person would have done in his place : he forgets logic and concentrates in giving viewers a fun ride . He uses commonly known clichés associated with ghost stories but Shimizu plays with these elements in an imaginative manner . The nonlinear narrative is not a mere gimmick but an interesting way to present sequences from different perspectives . At the end , all I can say is that if the only purpose of a horror film is to scare the audience ( the same way a comedy is to make people laugh ) , this movie succeeded with flying colors . I watched it in a theater with an audience and it was fun to see viewers go wild over this one . It probably does n't play as well in your living room .
1 This is what I wrote to some friends earlier:<br /><br />HOLY CRAP , The Grudge is , honest to God , one of the scariest films I 've ever seen ! I am either getting very soft in my old age , or Sam Raimi and Ghost Pictures did a KICK A * * job ! ( Ca n't wait for Boogeyman!)<br /><br />I was very scared sitting in the dark theater and wished I had someone , anyone , sitting next to me ( except the protagonist in Grudge . I saw the movie by myself . ) I swear , there were many many jump scenes that were NOT expected ! I felt foolish but my nerves did not care ! I was on edge the entire movie , from the opening credits , and the music was fantastically scary . I keep thinking of that sound , though , and I DO NOT LIKE IT!<br /><br />I actually gasped aloud a few times , and cried , " oh " at one scene ! ! Oh , yeah , I even half - covered my eyes a few times ! Word to the wise , though : I thought some of the scenes were a little psychotic . My DH hated Event Horizon and thought whoever wrote it was sick and psycho , but I do n't remember the movie so ca n't compare.<br /><br />I ca n't say I " enjoyed " this movie b / c I was terrified , but it was very very good and scary . The ending scene , too ... whoa ! For being a 32-year - old - mommy , I think I may have nightmares from this movie , especially because of that sound . Please get out of my head ; ) < br /><br />In summary , this is not a slasher flick like I grew up with ( Jason , Freddy ) . This is a most - of - the - time spooky movie . Perfect for Halloween.<br /><br />Two great trailers for this movie were Boogeyman and The Ring 2 ! !
1 Massive multiple chills down the spine ! I 'm surprised there 's people who did n't like it ! I saw it at 10 o'clock in the morning and still got scared stiff ! And I 've seen hundreds of thrillers / horror movies ! For crying out loud , I'm 22 ! ! ! I mean , OK , voice acting , not particularly good , probably even b - movie - ish . But the genuine look of terror , the sound effects , the flow ! From the very start , hitting you again and again with relentless , unforgiving , terrorising scenes ! So many clichés yet none fails to surprise / scare ! You know it 's coming , it 's coming , it 's coming , BOO ! and you still jump off the chair . Grab a pillow and a blanket , call your closest friend over and do not watch it at night ! Hats off to the Japanese !
1 so , being a fairly deep fan of horror movies , it 's been a while since i 've seen one that really made me jump ( or fidget nervously.)<br /><br />definitely going to get this on DVD when it comes out ... a hell of a lot better than the ring . the thing that i do n't get is that so many people that we talkd with after the movie thought that it was horrible , well , if that 's what you think , then so be it ... i know what i liked and it takes a fair amount to get me to actually feel scared , so i have to say that this one is worth watching.<br /><br />now , you might be disappointed in the story if you need everything in a neat and tidy line , because the plot goes back an forth a little bit to help build the story ( i think that if it was shown in chronological order , it would have ruined the whole thing.)<br /><br />i'm actually glad that this movie had very little bloody messes in it ... maybe the rest of you studio writers and whathaveyous will realize that you do n't have to splash the red stuff all over the set to make people afraid .
1 This was great . When I saw the Japanese version first , it was probably the scariest movie I had ever seen . It was not blood and guts , it was eerie , atmospheric and terrifying . When the mother ghost lent over the bed in the Japanese version , I nearly had a heart attack ... I was concerned that the American version would be watered down , and that Buffy would take away from the dark creepy nuances of the original version . I need n't have been concerned . The makers of this movie wisely kept the same Japanese people who were involved with the original movie on hand , and gave the direction of the movie to the same man . They also set it in Japan in the same location , in the same house . In fact , the Japanese director took pains to remake the same movie as it was in the original , the only difference was the casting of American actors . That actually turned into a benefit as it added the element of " Strangers in a Strange Land " to the overall horror . Not only were they being haunted by an absolutely terrifying and relentless ghost , but they were also stuck in a completely foreign land , having difficulty integrating into society . It just added to the overall anxiety built into the movie and I thought it was an excellent touch.<br /><br />Buffy actually does a very good job . She looks vulnerable and is able to convey her fear well . There are none of the smart aleck remarks that are so common to American horror movies , or one liners that detract from the overall darkness and horror of the characters ' situation . In fact , it was easily as good as The Ring which I also thoroughly enjoyed . I hope the future of American horror follows more closely the Japanese New Wave of horror started with the incredible success of Ringu . We are finally getting movies that actually can be categorized as " Horror " ! ! 8/10
1 I 'm not sure I understand where all these enthusiastically anti - grudge people are talking about here , perhaps it 's just that some people like to rant about things.<br /><br />The movie was certainly imperfect ( uneven acting , some may have had difficulties with the time - changes , actors all too willing to go places I 'd really rather not go , etc . ) but IMHO there were some things that more than made up for the imperfections.<br /><br />First and foremost , I LOVED the ' breaking of the rules ' bit . NORMALLY when you leave the haunted house the baddies leave you alone , giving you time to regroup , get friends , and find the token mysterious paranormal type . NORMALLY ( semi - spoiler alert ) when you 're hiding under the covers they can only get you through that little opening you peek through . NORMALLY at the end the ghosts somehow have become less creepy because you 've found out they 're just misunderstood , or they 've been freed , or whatever.<br /><br />Secondly , the production was exceptional . While the movie was hardly special - effects - laden the supernatural bits while brief were extremely well done.<br /><br />Probably not the best sort of movie for those who think Freddy and Jason are the ultimate sort of horror ( nothing against 'em , they 've got their place ) , but great for those who 've begun to take the conventions for granted and who do n't have trouble with the time distortions .
1 I saw " The Grudge " yesterday , and wow ... I was really scared , a good thing . I love horror - movies , and I really liked this one . There were so many ' surprise'-scenes ( what 's the English word ? ) that made you jump in your seat . Though , too much screaming from the audience made it difficult not to laugh . I think the most scary scene was ... on the bus , when the face flashes by on the window , or when Yoko 's walking without her chin . The make - up is also VERY good . Sometimes you could really see it was there , but it was still adding a freaky look to the scene . The boy was very good indeed , so cute without make - up and so terribly scary with it on . The next time I hear a cracking noise I will probably feel pretty scared ...
1 As I 've noticed with a lot of IMDb comments , certain reviewers seem to demand that every film they see have smugly intelligent plots that wallow in there own cleverness . I am not one of those people . If I watch an action film , I want to see explosions , gunfire and heroics . If I watch a comedy , I want to have tears of laughter in my eyes . You get the idea . Therefore watching a horror film , I primarily want to be scared . The Grudge is a very scary film , in both it 's well executed ' jump ' scenes , and it 's creepy imagery . I 've been a horror film fan for many years , and I 'm talking about the masters such as Dario Argento , rather than directors of some of the treadmill teen horror flicks that are churned out these days . If you want to be scared , watch this film . Way scarier than the original Japanese ' Ring ' ( which I also think is a great film ) .
1 I wanted to see Sarah Buffy on the big screen , so I first bought tickets and then checked the reviews at IMDb . I worried about seeing a bad movie . Well , I had fun watching the movie . Some parts , which obviously were meant to be scary , were actually quite humoristic , almost as in Buffy the Vampire Slayer.<br /><br />I do n't consider this a bad movie . It 's not a great movie either . Just a rather well made horror movie . It does not rely heavily on special effects , but on camera angles , acting , music . In my opinion , the acting was OK . Sarah did a very good job , quite convincing . The other actors were definitely not bad either , I liked Yoko.<br /><br />The sets are nice ( and I do n't care that the sets are the exact same ones that were used in the Japanese original).<br /><br />The scary moments were often predictable . But not always . I have seen quite some horror , and did not expect to be scared now , but it happened at least twice . Nice.<br /><br />The movie had some nice scenes that were almost original , like the trails of rubbish , the simple special effects for he ghosts , the eyes of the boy , the cat that made eery noises , the gurgling of the dead boy and his mother.<br /><br />Don't go if you want to see Sarah in another Buffy episode , because it is very different from her Buffy work , much more serious . Do n't go if you only want to see movies that gather Oscar nominations . It 's a good horror movie , enough suspense . I gave it a 7 .
1 Omigosh , this is seriously the scariest movie i have ever , ever seen . To say that i love horror movies would be an understatement , and i have seen heaps ( considering the limited availability in New Zealand , that 's quite a lot ) , but never before have i had to sleep with the light on ... until i saw The Grudge.<br /><br />Some may say that it is a rip off of The Ring ( both based on Japanese horror movies ) , both similar ( yet different ) story lines , but the Grudge holds its own as a terrifying movie - seeing at at the cinema , i even screamed at a certain point in the movie.<br /><br />The acting is great , particularly from the supporting characters - KaDee Strickland is fantastic and steals the show , she is such an enthusiastic person . Jason Behr is a real hottie , and William Mapother looks like he is having fun . However , while i am normally a fan of Clea DuVall 's , she does n't really seem into this movie . Of the supporting characters , hers probably got the most depth and back story , but she does n't seem like she is all there . As for Sarah Michelle Gellar , well , she stays about the same through all her films and roles does n't she ? The ghosts were genuinely scary , the music and sound effects were chilling ( particularly the noise being made when KaDee Strickland 's character answered the phone in her apartment ) , the ending was cool too.<br /><br />Super highly recommended . 9/10
1 Have n't seen any of the Japanese Grudge - films , but I really enjoy this one . I rarely get SCARED when watching films . I can jump , if the effect and sound is startling enough , but getting scared from a movie is a rare thing for me . But I did get scared from Grudge . Maybe because I did n't expect anything at all when I watched it . I did n't expect getting scared . I did n't know anything about it either . That was probably a good thing.<br /><br />This is a film that you , apparently , either love or hate . Most people seem to compare it to the Japanese Grudge - films , but even though I have n't seen them , I believe it is n't right to compare any film , actually . This film stands on it its own.<br /><br />The story is weak , most people say . I do n't agree . The story is minimalistic , and done so on purpose . The story - telling techniques used - the broken time frame for instance - is perfectly done . The director knows exactly what he 's doing , and I believe he got his vision through as he wanted it.<br /><br />I gave this film 8 of 10 . It is a film you will enjoy watching , or hate . It 's as simple as that .
1 Karen goes into a Japanese house as a substitute nurse to Emma , a strange woman who sleeps at day and wakes at night . Karen goes upstairs after hearing noises when she encounters a frightening ghost . She will learn the house 's secrets.<br /><br />It is very scary ! The scenes are shocking and frightening ! The characters are good . The settings are creepy . I love the whole plot ! The ending was shocking ! I paused at a scene where the little boy meowed so loudly to the man finding his sister upstairs and I was shocked . This is the scariest movie I have watched . I did not see the Japanese version . I recommend this to horror fans . 10/10 and 5 stars !
1 I was so excited to see this film because I had always heard it was very scary.<br /><br />What 's interesting about it is that it is a Japanese film they decided to bring to America , but they actually filmed it IN japan with the original crew ! I think this made the film ... more Japanese ( which is probably why it managed to be fairly successful unlike most Japan - to - America horror movie flops ) but it also made it a bit inaccessible to American audiences . The difference in what scares the Japanese culture and what scares the American culture felt present throughout the film . This worked well in moments when they meant to capture the nervous fear of the main character : a frightened fish in a big , busy , unfamiliar , Tokyo pond.<br /><br />The storyline was quite confusing as well . In typical Japanese fashion it is extremely complicated and confusing . The beginning of the movie is actually the middle of the story and from there we move constantly forwards and backwards until , at the end of the film , we see the ending and beginning of the whole story . This constant flipping through time was very much confusing for me . Also , I did n't think some things were explained so well and I had to ask my friend to explain them to me ( she had already seen it , as well as the sequel which apparently reveals more of the story).<br /><br />Overall , there IS plenty for American audiences to love , tons of freaky imagery and macabre details which a healthy splash of jump scenes .
1 I have lately got into the habit of purchasing any interesting DVD that the Criterion company releases . I figure that even if I dislike the movie , Criterion usually supplies enough extra material to compensate for any shortcomings in the actual film . I read up on them , and I buy the ones which are the most interesting to me.<br /><br />Le Million is my latest purchase , and I must say that I was not disappointed in the film . It is cheery , funny , and romantic . Everything about it is quite excellent . The songs are wonderful . If I understood French , I would probably hum them and sing them all day long . The acting is very good for this kind of movie . American musicals of the classic Hollywood era relied more on song and dance than the actual characters and story , but in Le Million , the characters are rather well developed and the story , while not being anything extremely impressive , is not at all lacking . I loved the developments of the relationships , especially the relationship between the once best friends Michel and Prosper . The romantic moments are also very well developed . The direction is nearly perfect , with several very memorable moments . Probably the single most perfect scene of the film occurs right after the lead couple has an argument . They hide on the stage of an opera performance , and the opera singers sing lines which the couple , Michel and Beatrice , interpret to their own situation . This is definitely one of the high points in cinema history . The scene managed to make me laugh , to win me over with a very sweet romance , and make me smirk at just how clever the director was . I give this film a 9/10.<br /><br />P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same faith in Criterion that I do and is planning to buy it . Amongst the Criterion discs I now own , Le Million contains the fewest features . All it has is a photo gallery ( not all that useful ; one might flip through it once ) and a rare television interview with Rene Clair , the director . This piece is of some interest . He was one of the many directors who had started out in silent film , and when talkies were first appearing , he said that they represented the death of film . I think most film - savvy people understand what these directors meant when they said that , but it is interesting to hear him explain it . Also , if you have read the description of this movie on Amazon.com , please note that they were wrong in one important respect : not every line in the film is sung . In fact , it contains no more songs than a regular musical . It is actually a lot more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers film . My criticisms of the disc are not that important . Heck , Criterion has the right to smack me around for making those complaints . The fact is , their people probably spent hundreds of hours fixing up a film which only 20 ( now 21 ! ) people have voted for on imdb , and only about a hundred people , if that , will ever see the film . Heck , if you look at the Criterion web site , Le Million is nowhere to be found . I have no clue why not . It 's something they should really be proud of ( of course , their web site is surprisingly horrible ) . They did a fine job on this film . Bravo ! They deserve all the money I can stand to give them !
1 This is one irresistible great cheerful- and technically greatly made movie!<br /><br />The movie features some of the greatest looking sets you 'll ever see in a ' 30 's movie , even though it 's all too obvious that they are sets , rather than real place locations . Often if a character would fall or shake a doorpost too aggressive , the entire set would obviously move.<br /><br />The best moments of the movie were the silent , more old fashioned , slapstick kind of moments . It shows that René Clair 's true heart was at silent movie - making . The overall humor is really great in this movie . Also of course the musical moments were more than great . This is a really enjoyable light and simple pleasant early French musical . Though the best moments are the silent moments , that does not mean that the movie is not filled with some great humorous dialog , that gets very well delivered by the main actors , who all seemed like stage actors to me , which in this case worked extremely well for the movie its overall style and pleasant no - worries atmosphere . No wonder this worked out so well , since this movie is actually based on stage play by Georges Berr.<br /><br />It 's a technical really great movie , with also some great innovation camera - work in it and some really great editing , that create some fast going and pleasant to watch enjoyable sequences . There is never a dull moment in this movie!<br /><br />René Clair was such a clever director , who knew how to build up and plan comical moments within in movies . It 's a very creative made movie , that despite its simplicity still at all times feel as a totally original and cleverly constructed movie , that never seizes to entertain.<br /><br />The last half hour is especially unforgettably fun , without spoiling too much , and is really among the greatest , as well as most creative moments in early comedy film - making.<br /><br />The movie is filled with some really enjoyable characters , who are of course all very stereotypical and silly and were obviously cast because of their looks . It all adds to the pleasant light comical atmosphere and cuteness of the movie.<br /><br />One of the most pleasant movies you 'll ever see!<br /><br />8/10
1 In Le Million , Rene Clair , one of the cinema 's great directors and great pioneers , created a gem of light comedy which for all its lightness is a groundbreaking and technically brilliant film which clearly influenced subsequent film - makers such as the Marx Brothers , Lubitsch , and Mamoulian . The plot , a witty story of a poor artist who wins a huge lottery jackpot but has to search frantically all over town for the missing ticket , is basically just a device to support a series of wonderfully witty comic scenes enacted in a dream world of the director 's imagination.<br /><br />One of the most impressive things about this film is that , though it is set in the middle of Paris and includes nothing actually impossible , it achieves a sustained and involving fairy - tale / fantasy atmosphere , in which it seems quite natural that people sing as much as they talk , or that a tussle over a stolen jacket should take on the form of a football game . Another memorable element is that Le Million includes what may be the funniest opera ever put on film ( O that blonde - braided soprano ! " I laugh , ha ! ha ! " ) Also a delight is the casting : Clair has assembled a group of amazing , sharply different character actors , each of them illustrating with deadly satiric accuracy a bourgeois French " type , " so that the film seems like a set of Daumier prints come to life.<br /><br />The hilarity takes a little while to get rolling , and I found the characters not as emotionally engaging as they can be even in a light comedy ( as they are , for instance , in many Lubitsch films . ) For these reasons I refrained from giving it the highest rating . But these minor cavils should n't distract from an enthusiastic recommendation.<br /><br />Should you see it ? By all means . Highly recommended whether you want a classic and influential work of cinema or just a fun comedy .
1 Rene Clair 's groundbreaking musical . If you want to see where songs first drove a story this is the place . This is the story of a starving young artist who finds he 's won the lottery just as his creditors come calling . Unfortunately his ticket is in his coat , which is in his girlfriends apartment and has been given to an on the run convict who then ... oh but that would be telling.<br /><br />This is a light and frothy story where much of the dialog is sung ( most people think this did n't happen until Oklahoma or Andrew Lloyd Webber ) . Its the sort of movie that they do n't make any more , and rarely did when they did . Its sound a film from the early days that plays like a movie from five or six years later . Clair moves his camera around in ways that not even Busby Berkeley was doing ( though to be honest comparing the two film makers is unfair since Berkeley was doing essentially stage bound dance numbers and Clair was moving the camera through " the real world " ) . Its an amazing little movie . and its a charming movie that will just make you smile . Its just a fluffy piece of enjoyment.<br /><br />I'm sorry I ca n't say more . Its just a nice little movie and that s really all you need to know .
1 Made in 1931 , this foreign film should be seen and enjoyed more often.<br /><br />We open on a quiet little French village , scanning the roofs of the sleeping citizens . Then we hear something that sounds like a party . Upon investigating the uproar , two neighboring men are told the story of two men , supposedly friends , who picked two numbers for the lottery.<br /><br />Our star of the picture has his number and his friend his . When he asks his friend , would he share half of the dough , should his ticket be the winning number , his friend promptly says no . In fact , H.E. double hockey sticks no ! is the way he acts about it.<br /><br />So when our man discovers he has the winning ticket and that it has been lost , through no fault of his own , he is frantic . Everyone is out for themselves , looking for this ticket , in something like a precursor to " The Great Race . " Even though this is all a flashback , I was in knots the whole time and got so upset over every little thing in this all - for - me show - me - the - money cash - in - the - bank film . Watch Le Million today !
1 This is so exciting ! After I saw " La Roue " this afternoon , a short , light - hearted little movie , I consider this one a real treat ! This is absolutely delightful and one of the most charming pictures I saw this year . It is the more amazing since it is an early talkie and puts some great pictures of the 30 's to shame due to its innovative use of sound in cinema . It 's simply filled with music and an adorable mood that 's really upbeat and , bottom line , it made me happy ! Obviously it would n't be so difficult to retrieve the lottery ticket the male lead was looking for , but the pace is so exhilarating and the movie is so spectacularly entertaining that I did n't even think of it twice . The comedy is many times hilarious and I think it is even superior to the Marx Brothers , possibly the biggest comedic force of the time . This is rather perfect .
1 If one would see a René Clair film with the kind of distracted semi - attention which is the rule in TV watching - one might be better off doing something different.<br /><br />Watching " Le Million " with all attention focused upon what takes place before eyes and ears will reveal a wealth of delightful details which keep this musical comedy going from the beginning to the end with its explosion of joy.<br /><br />In the Danish newspaper Berlingske Tidende a journalist once wrote : " In my younger days I saw a film which made me feel like dancing all the way home from the cinema . This film is on TV tonight - see it ! "
1 Had this movie been made just a few years later , I would have knocked down the score a point or two because the sound quality was rather poor . At times , the movie appeared to be a silent film during the in - between - scenes ( normal ambient sounds are missing ) . But , given it was 1931 and a French movie , this is quite forgivable . Especially since this also occurs in later French films -- by which time the sound difficulties should have been worked out completely ( such as in L'Atalante from 1934).<br /><br />Okay , apart from some minor sound problems , this is a cute little film about a missing winning lottery ticket and a long list of people trying to get it . And , during the search there are lots of jaunty little songs that you ca n't help but like . A nice charming film all - in - all .
1 A wonderful early musical film from Rene Clair , as fun and witty as his silent " The Italian Straw Hat " . Using sound in a expressive way and not just for dialogue and effects , Clair influenced early musicals in America ( the opera scene from A Night at the Opera is strongly influenced by Le Million , for example ) . Should ( but wo n't ) be seen by all cinephiles , and the DVD from Criterion is exactly as good as you 'd expect . There 's not a ton of extras , but most DVD extras I 've seen are useless fluff , and the Clair interview on disc is one I had n't ever seen . Get it while it 's still around .
1 To be fair , I expected car chases in this film . There was only really one , but apart from that , ' Freeway ' was a great movie which I am glad to own on DVD . The only really big names in the cast are HOMICIDE 's Richard Belzer as the radio psychiatrist and B - Movie villain par - excellance Billy Drago as the Revelation - quoting Freeway Killer . But the rest of the cast generally give good performances . I especially liked how Darlanne Fluegel gave her character , Sunny , a bit of guts . She could have been a helpless victim character but she is fully rounded as she seeks out Drago with the help of bounty hunter James Russo.<br /><br />Russo , I 'm afraid , comes across as rather wooden , but then again , the character he plays , Frank , is n't very well fleshed out save for a back story Sunny is given by his former commanding officer . The tone of menace is kept up superbly throughout the film and the atmosphere of the lonely LA freeway at night with the killer prowling its ' length in his sinister grey sedan is an excellent way of building tension , and the music used to underscore the film is suitably composed . I do n't know why there are some people who hate this movie so . Different strokes for different folks , I suppose . But I absolutely enjoyed ' Freeway ' and I can strongly recommend it .
1 I 'm a fan of Crash and Blade Runner and this movie explores some of those highway death and 80s film noir themes that I like to see , so I enjoyed it.<br /><br />In general though , the essential stupidity of the film noir protagonist is not pulled off well by the female lead and her hero is nearly a neanderthal , hence the kitch warning .
1 I did n't expect Val Kilmer to make a convincing John Holmes , but I found myself forgetting that it was n't the porn legend himself . In fact , the entire cast turned in amazing performances in this vastly under - rated movie.<br /><br />As some have mentioned earlier , seek out the two - disc set and watch the " Wadd " documentary first ; it will give you a lot of background on the story which will be helpful in appreciating the movie . < br /><br />Some people seem unhappy about the LAPD crime scene video being included on the DVD . There are a number of reasons that it might have been included , one of which is that John Holmes ' trial for the murders was the first ever in the United States where such footage was used by the prosecution . If you do n't want to see it , it 's easy to avoid ; it 's clearly identified as " LAPD Crime Scene Footage " on the menu !
1 John Holmes is so famous , he 's infamous ( as the Three Amigos would say ) . This is a Rashomon - like story about the events surrounding the Wonderland Murders of the early 1980 's , in Los Angeles . The story is pieced together from the retelling of a few of the participants . There is story from the friend 's perspective , namely David Lind ( played by Dylan McDermott ) . He is a participant in the robbery assault at Eddie Nash 's place ( Eddie Nash is a infamous drug dealer - and is the suppose to be the same character Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights ) and is heavily into the drug scene . There is John Holmes ' perspective ( played by Val Kilmer ) , which makes him out to be a pawn stuck between two kings ( with a severe case of cocaine cravings ) . There is also the patchwork recollections of John 's wife ( Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow ) and his girlfriend ( Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth ) that fill in the spaces between the two stories . It is basically the same time frame that we are looking at , just each character 's version . The only thing that is missing is the perspective from the dead people . < br /><br />Paul Thomas Anderson 's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a slightly heroic character , with a tragic yet comedic karma . He is a caricature of a real person . He was more of less , a mixed up kid that got what he got through his " large " endowment . Director James Cox turns the comedy off and makes this episode in John 's life into a nightmare for all of us watching . The details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie.<br /><br />Val Kilmer took what he learned of Jim Morrison , from the Doors , enhanced the performance for the Salton Sea , and then further enhanced that to bring us the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine . All of the actors pull off very realistic looking portrayal 's of cocaine junkies . Josh Lucas ' performance stands out as one of the best in the movie . He plays Ron Launius ( I think this character is suppose to be the same as the Thomas Jane character from Boogie Nights ) . Ron was the leader of the gang , loved having John Holmes around as a novelty and had a cocaine craving like sharks enjoy blood . The cocaine use seems so realistic as to make one think . Did they really use Splenda ? ? < br /><br />Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop feel to it ( lots of color and 70 's nostalgia ) , Wonderland is dark . The action is fast and furious , with a lot of jumps . It is twitchy and grainy . There is no comedy , just a never ending pace , as if the director is trying to put us into the nervous , fast paced , edgy cocaine high to make us feel what the characters are feeling . This is a graphic movie . It has one of the most intensely violent scenes I have ever seen in a movie . It actually shows the murders themselves ( through the eyes of John Holmes at first and then from a third person perspective ) . It is so graphic , it looks like police evidence of a crime . I had to pause after this scene and remind myself this was just a movie . This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone . I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights , for those interested in the other sides of John Holmes.<br /><br />-Celluloid Rehab
1 I 've read many negative reviews of this movie and finally got a chance to see it on DVD . To be honest I really do n't know what the problem with it is.<br /><br />It 's a decent murder mystery thriller , shown from various points of view , from an eccentric cast of often drugged out potential killers / suspects , including the late porn king , John Holmes . Please read the plot synopsis for the exact details of the movie 's plot - I wish to contribute more to a review than a synopsis.<br /><br />Many reviewers went so far to give this movie their lowest rating due to violence but I really do n't see it . MANY modern movies were worse - Saving Private Ryan was ultimately more violent than this movie , which often relies on implied blood stains than actual brutal slayings ( the murders depicted in this film were done with lead pipes , afterall).<br /><br />I was enthralled with both halves of the movie - the first showing John Holmes as a hopeless cash hungry drug addict , and the second half showing his side as a minor conspirator in a senseless bloodbath . The movie has excellent acting , even though Dylan McDemorant looks more than a bit out of place in his biker - esque personia and goatee'ed bad boy personality.<br /><br />The soundtrack was also awesome - a fantastic mix of 70 's B - side rock and obscure pop , spread out over a couple of hours in all the right places ala Boogie Nights .
1 One of the most disturbing and tragic periods in American history began . The members of the Summer of Love culture , at the end of the seventies and onset of the 80 's , were eventually tool old for love beads and all night parties and evolved back into mainstream life , whatever that meant . For those who could not out grow their youthful and sometimes irrational exuberance , their 's was the culture of Wonderland . A love for drugs and a sense of entitlement coupled with a distaste for authority , values and " the establishment " is the world that the film captures . < br /><br />The sixties were a time of revolution and violent change that tore the American " house " apart . Once the battles were over , we all had to deal with the aftermath of the carnage . The characters in the Wonderland house are icons of the misfits of the Seventies ; part biker , part hippie , part crook , all outcast . No ideology to express , just a sense of dissatisfaction with everything and allegiance to nothing . Ron , Billy and David fancy themselves as some sort of Robin Hoods with dope . They talk of love and behave violently ; they take from the rich and sell to the misbegotten ; they steal from everyone.<br /><br />Holmes and company are the end result of a strange collision of anti - matter like sex , and drugs and rock & roll , when the lab technicians get bored and move on . < br /><br />The film is skillfully directed and paced and captures the frenetic world of the drug fiends in their element . The fact that Holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant . That story was told in " Boogie Nights " . This is a story of a transitional and forgettable era .
1 Val Kilmer ... Love or loath him , sometimes he gets under the skin of a character and pulls out a performance that makes you go ' Hey ! This guy is a GREAT actor ! ' He did in the leather pants of Jim in The Doors and he 's done it again in the leather underpants of John.<br /><br />Revolving around the fall and fall of uber porn king John Holmes , Kilmer strutts to his knees as we unravel one of the biggest murder mysteries hollywood has never solved for over twenty years , with Holmes the key suspect to a brutal Manson - style slaughter.<br /><br />What Kilmer does so effortlessly is exhude the low - life of the celebrity , the do anything to anyone craving that overwhelms anyone who had it and then lost it . Go see him , you 'll know what I mean .
1 May 2004 , Wonderland is fairly new in the UK . Brilliant film of a brutal true story . If you know LA from the early 80 's , you will appreciate how well it is captured . The use of the elements which make up its gritty cinematic style is original , amplifying the experience and bringing the viewer very close to actually being there . The use of a disjointed ' Pulp Fiction ' style time line allows exploration of the uncertainty concerning what really happened , while the direction and performances of the cast command attention , especially Val Kilmer as John Holmes ; an Oscar for sure if I were handing them out .
1 What do you do with a 14-inch cocked porn star who was involved in drugs and murder , and then died of AIDS ? You make a movie , of course . The probable reason why it was n't made earlier is the fact that Eddie Nash would have been in the way of its production . So it 's no coincidence that the film was made just a little while after Nash was sent to prison.<br /><br />The best thing about the movie is its quick pace . There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap . And why would it be ? There is too much good material here to require dull filler scenes . The cast is good . Kilmer has been mediocre in a string of movies , so here was finally a role quite suitable for him . Bosworth is cute so it 's irrelevant how she acts ( she 's solid ) , and McDermott , who is otherwise quite annoying , is rather good , to a large extent because he is wearing so much facial hair that I did n't recognize him at first . ( I wish they did that to Cruise in every movie so I would n't have to watch his dumb face . ) I utterly failed to recognize Christina Applegate , and would n't have known she was in it , had I not seen her name in the end - credits . Kudrow is charming as ever , a bit unusual to see her in a dramatic role . ( Btw , " Friends " is the worst TV sitcom of all time . ) The only casting choices that were questionable were an early near - cameo by Carrie Fischer and the totally absurd inclusion of the 90s moron Janeane Garofalo . You thought I 'd include Paris Hilton , too , did n't you ? No , I think Hilton is the ideal choice in her 10-second appearance as a dumb whore . Because the film is about decadence , among other things – and about a porn actor – she fits in perfectly .
1 Some films manage to survive almost on originality alone - " Wonderland " is certainly one of those films . The script manages to throw everything into a near - fever pitch , but without making it incoherent . The speed of this thriller is not to chosen to cover up a weak script , but rather to accurately reflect the drug - addled reality.<br /><br />As director , James Cox as a very peculiar way of working his actors . Most of the characters are perpetually on edge , and often because they 're rather quite ugly personalities . Val Kilmer has described John Holmes to be a hustler , able to manipulate and control . No offense to Kilmer , but his version of Holmes seems only able to control the drastically weak - minded . Nonetheless , it 's a stunning performance . Comparing this to Kilmer 's more ' Hollywood ' roles like in " The Saint " it seems to prove he is far more at home in gritty indie flicks.<br /><br />The actors are the main force holding all together . There are various little performances that stand out - especially the women . Carrie Fisher , Kate Bosworth , and Lisa Kudrow all have limited screen time next to their male counterparts , but they are all fantastic . Aside from Kilmer , Ted Levine and Dylan McDermott give a weird , stunning energy to their roles.<br /><br />I originally put off watching " Wonderland " because I assumed it was a film about a porn actor , in the strictest sense . Yes , the story revolves around John Holmes , but it has literally nothing to do with his professional career . Basically , this film is a murder mystery , and as such - it 's excellent.<br /><br />RATING : 7.5 out of 10
1 Val Kilmer and Dylan McDermott are terrific . I have seen Kilmer on The Doors , however his interpretation of John Holmes is superb . Nothing compared to Boogie Nights which was kind of slow . Wonderland is a movie which is able to show you a horrible crime story from the perspective from a guy who is just indulged in his drug vice and indolent of what ever happens around . At the same time , the John Holmes character shows a very clever hustler who is able to pass through the nastiest and ugliest situations almost unharmed . The movie deserves being watched more than once . The seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing .
1 The true story of a bunch of junkies robbing a not so honest businessman of drugs , jewelry , guns , and money . Some would say this is the tragic tale of America in the excessive eighties where the high of the peace and free love sixties had crashed into drugs and AIDS . Honestly , this is just regular people with no aim in life who sit around getting high and decide to rob a ruthless man . What is the second part of their master plan ? Once they have his stuff ... they'll sit around and get high again . Great plan . Even if you do n't know the story , there is no suspense in this movie and no surprises . The fact that Cox tries to make some kind of folk heroes out of these characters , with party scenes and a montage of their loot , is weak and insulting . The story was better off with a more straight forward approach . As it is , this is just a sad story of small time drug dealers getting killed by big time drug dealers . The bigger story , in more ways than one , is John Holmes . He is the center of this story anyway . This movie should have been all about him , his life . He was the one in wonderland , with the wonders about to fade away.<br /><br />P.S. Although it is n't official , Boogie Nights is a better version of Holmes life . It is n't entirely factual , but it 's far more enjoyable .
1 This is the second movie based on the life and times of ultra hung porn star , John Curtis Estes , better known as John Holmes . Boogie Nights is also roughly based on his life . Maybe someday someone is going to do a movie on the life of Tommy Byron instead.<br /><br />The problem is , that the story is not very well told . There are many Law & Order episodes that have more twists and turns than Wonderland , and the director never gets the criminal case going with any kind of gusto . Val Kilmer has two problems - he is not nearly as hung as Holmes is ( and no prosthesis this time around , unlike in Boogie Nights ) , and he is much better looking than mope Holmes . < br /><br />The director does not introduce one single likable individual among the cast . The racist , immature lowlifes he hangs out with , or his wife , and the police do n't get much in the way of characterization . < br /><br />The best part of the movie is Eric Bogosian telling Paris Hilton to " get lost " . < br /><br />Having said all that , anyone interested in the sleaziest side of the porn business in the 1980s or true crime should n't miss it .
1 I was very interested to see this movie when it first came out in the theaters , however , I was n't able to get around to it . So , finally , it hit the shelves , and I picked it up . Not knowing exactly what to expect , I plopped the dvd in the player , settled in the for an evening of murder , and pressed play . What followed was one of the more engaging flicks I 've seen in the last couple years.<br /><br />*SOME SPOILERS*<br /><br />This is the story of the Wonderland murders , which led to the seediest parts of LA and straight to the biggest porn start of the 70 's , John Holmes ( Val Kilmer).<br /><br />I was hooked from the beginning , and the feel of the movie held me all the way until the very bloody end . I was surprised to find that the movie focused less on the actual murders and more on the events before and the investigation after . Aside from a few blood splattered walls in the beginning , and the actual showing of the murders towards the end , the movie was more or less an engaging show of great dialoge and great acting . Val Kilmer all but sells me as a junkie porn star , and even the " beautiful but that 's it " Bosworth was a joy to watch ( and just for her looks , mind you)<br /><br />I personally felt the best aspect of the movie was , as I mentioned , its lack of outright showing the murders . It was shown in a very dark atmosphere , so you could n't completely see the brutal bludgeoning bestowed apon the sleeping foursome . Furthermore , the sound effects of said murders were more than enough to whet my appetite . They were being beating with lead pipes , there 's not much more that needs to be said.<br /><br />My only real problem was Carrie Fisher 's brief appearence . Her portrayal of the overly - religious figure was , I think , a bit too cliche of her appearence . Maybe that person was actually part of the story , maybe not , but I was n't sold , and for some reason , Fisher seemed a bit too " akward " in her portrayal.<br /><br />Overall , an excellent movie worth the watch , even if once!<br /><br />***8/10 * * *
1 Just watched this movie on DVD and thought the acting was very good , but the over all story left a lot to be desired . This movie has the same texture and look of Panic in Needle Park or Drugstore Cowboy . Hard to believe that human beings can live this type of lifestyle ; on the underbelly of society , in which their total existence is based on hardcore drug use , crime , violence , sex , and a total lack of self - respect for anyone or anything , including themselves.<br /><br />Val Kilmore is outstanding in his role of " burnt - out " former porn star John Holmes . The supporting cast is just as good . However , this is a bleak , dark , disturbing , and depressing film . The murder was brutal , but the daily lives of these people were brutal as well . Unless you have an interest in these murders or were a " fan " of John Holmes , this really is n't a film to see . If you want to see a docu - drama on murder , Truman Capote 's 1960s In Cold Blood starring Scott Wilson and Robert Blake is much better .
1 First , this is a review of the two disc set that came together with the " Wonderland " DVD rental.<br /><br />The two movies included with the rental , " Wonderland " and the Johnny Wadd documentary , totally obliterate the myth created by " Boogie Nights " . That myth being that the characters involved in the adult movie trade were considerably more than slimy lowlifes that would do anything for money , basically denying that they were anything other than detestable self - centered whores . This is amazingly similar to what the book " Wiseguy " and the movie " Goodfellas " did to " The Godfather " fable and most of the rest of the gangster romanticism lore.<br /><br />Now , what irritated me most while watching these movies , and will probably irk anyone who saw and liked " Boogie Nights " , is how foolish and gullible supposedly educated and sophisticated people can be . " Dirk Diggler " in " Boogie Nights " is without a doubt John Holmes , who unlike " Dirk Diggler " , had no redeeming quality . Holmes was a criminal sociopath who abused anyone close to him , was totally consumed by his quest for self - gratification , and was without a doubt a key participant in the brutal murders on Wonderland Avenue in Los Angeles in 1981 . The movie lays bare the big lie that " Boogie Nights " was , and reinforces the Linda Lovelace description of the cruel and pathetic business that is known as the adult film entertainment industry . This should be required viewing , both features on the " Wonderland " DVD , for anyone who had any positive opinions on the story in the movie " Boogie Nights " .
1 Opening credits : great . Music : just right for this film . Cinematography : sleazy to great effect.<br /><br />Harrowing excitement in a train - wreck sort of way . This is how out of control some lives can become . " Wonderland " depicts drug - induced wildness ( and its consequences ) not as an aberration , but shows how it really does happen in our society . It is better than depictions of another wild group -Manson's- because all Manson films , books etc concentrate so much on Manson 's insane mind rather than the overall picture of the cheap fame and randomness that is so pervasive nowadays.<br /><br />If you want to see some of the best " Method - acting " on film , watch Kilmer in this movie . He shows how " The Method " can be riveting in the right role.<br /><br />The filmmakers here succeed in raising " out - of - control " to the level of an art form , not just for the sake of giving us cheap thrills .
1 Unfortunately , in cases such as these , there are so many conflicting stories as everyone tries to cast blame on to others that it is a near impossibility to get a clear picture of what really happened . This movie is a victim of such circumstances . The writers ( too many of them ) have decided to take ALL of the stories and give them to the audience to let them decide which version of the truth they like the best . As in the real life case , there is no clear answer , no conclusion , and the audience is left with a general felling of being unfulfilled ( like coffee without the caffeine , or sex without the climax ) . Whodunnits with no whodunnit are generally frustrating and makes you wonder why someone did n't do research before they put it out there . At least tout your movie as a fiction if that is what it amounts to ( and this does).<br /><br />That is not to say there are not some great performances here . Kilmer ( as Holmes ) does an outstanding role bringing some humanity to what is otherwise an unsavory character . Kilmer , and the real life lovers and friends who consulted on the film , let the audience see a selfish , troubled human being who , though his faults were many and large , was loved and cared for by many people ( except himself ) . Kudrow as Holmes 's wife , only gives a glimmer of the dramatic actress she can be , but it is very noticeable and unforgettable glimmer . Bosworth 's character was not as emotionally complex as she could have been and needed to show more inner conflict to give credence to what ultimately happened between Dawn and Holmes ( she turned him in 6 months after they fled to Florida ) . Bosworth 's apple - cheeked performance is at time annoying , at times touching , but shows none of the backbone the real Schiller must have possessed . The other characters fade in to the woodwork which is a pity . Lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth in to this role had it been fleshed out for him . Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker . < br /><br />The fault of this movie does not lie with this cast , but with the writing . Too many cooks spoil the soup , and this kettle , filled with so much promise , ultimately leaves you hungry . The story and characters may have been less than sympathetic , but in what movie of this ilk are they not so ? Other movies such as 1989 's drugstore cowboy starring Matt Dillon ( who was reportedly asked to take this role and refused ) worked with similar subject matter and mastered it to such a degree that you felt a kinship with the main character by the end of the movie despite what he had done . Van Sandt could have given James Cox and his crew a few lessons . Had someone bothered to try and find the truth , this would have been an intriguing story . As it is , you will find the accompanying WADD documentary more palatable ( in the 2 disc DVD)and much more informative . You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy , but not a very good one either .. as are most people .
1 * Wonderland SPOILERS * < br /><br />July 1st , 1981 : five people , Ron Launius ( Josh Lucas ) , Susan Launius ( Christina Applegate ) , Billy Deverell ( Tim Blake Nelson ) , Barbara Richardson ( Natasha Gregson Wagner ) and Joy Miller ( Janeane Garofalo ) are attacked while they 're asleep and brutally hit on the head with steel pipes in their home at 8763 Wonderland Avenue , Laurel Canyon , LA . Only Susan survives.<br /><br />Main Suspect : John Holmes ( Val Kilmer ) , former king of porn , owner of a 30 cm long dick , and now a hopeless addict.<br /><br />Two investigators , Luis ( Frankie G. ) and Sam Nico ( Ted Levine ) , are investigating on the case and try to crack it with the help of a witness that claims to know that John at the very least took part in the murders , David Lind ( Dylan McDermott ) , Barbara 's boyfriend , and trying to get a witness report out of Dawn Schiller ( Kate Bosworth ) , Holmes ' 19-year - old girlfriend and from Susan , who sadly does n't remember anything more than shadows about the night her husband 's head was bashed in and hers almost suffered the same fate , and the name of Eddie Nash ( Eric Bogosian ) , a major drug kingpin ( who is always around ladies such as Barbie ( Paris Hilton ) ) , comes into light as a suspect planner of the Wonderland massacre.<br /><br />But what did happen that night ? And could Sharon ( Lisa Kudrow ) , John 's wife , know something about it ? ' Wonderland ' is a taught , intense thriller , a desperate love story and a story of a man 's sad decline all in one ; there is a clever use of the ' Rashomon ' technique ( we see the events of that fateful day and night from the eyes of David , John , Dawn , Susan ( albeit very briefly ) and Sharon ) , a nice direction and a great script , but is mostly compelling for the performances , especially Kilmer 's , who takes central stage with his hopeless , tormented , sometimes childish Holmes , Lucas ' , whose Launius is strangely alluring , Kudrow 's strong Sharon and Bosworth 's innocent Dawn.<br /><br />Wonderland : 9/10 .
1 Kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film . The grittiness , lack of glamor and desperation drew me into the film and kept me there . I was truly impressed by how dates and information were relayed within the film ; ie newspapers , letters , etc . It kept the film moving at such a fast pace I did n't feel the urge to fast forward once . Personally , I thought all the principles did a tremendous job ... it was great to see Bosworth and Kudrow in such difficult roles . It made me want to cry at times . Val Kilmer did n't surprise me ... his performances of this nature usually leave me in awe . Overall , this is a brilliant film not to be missed !
1 Wonderland is the fascinating film chronicling the x - rated film star John C. Holmes involvement in the brutal Wonderland murders.<br /><br />The movie 's promotion misleads one into thinking this a romanticized portrayal of the porn industry in the vein of Boogie Nights and that is not the case here . In fact , except for a few references made by newscasters that John Holmes is a porn star and a brief montage of real - life footage of John Holmes this film is strictly drama about a fallen celebrity 's involvement with murder and how it happened.<br /><br />Despite being mislead the film is actually engaging . The acting from all the cast is excellent and I 'd like to say that Val Kilmer is amazing in his ability to get down all the mannerisms of John Holmes . I was completely convinced that I was watching what John C. Holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.<br /><br />If you are a John C. Holmes fan or like stories about Hollywood then I think you will enjoy watching Wonderland .
1 Just saying you 've got a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some folks in front of the screen , but writer / director James Cox delivers oh so much more . A " Rashamon " of the sleazy Hollywood set , the film splitters the July 1981 Wonderland murders through a variety of angles ( and film stocks ) , but mostly through the filter of John Holmes ' coked out weasel brain . In a film full of bad guys Holmes is either the most vile , the most pathetic or both . Several versions of the story emerge and merge as Cox flashes jump cuts and twisting title cards amid effects and emoting . The dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once rings false . While the film takes places two years after Holmes had fallen out of porn and into a truly wicked drug fueled depravity , Kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense it can be measured in inches . This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the entire film almost as heavily as the violence at its center . Those murders are teased at through the whole film though are never clearly shown , not even at the climax , though the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood is splattered across walls and crime scene photos . Once again Val Kilmer as Holmes shows he can act wacko better than anyone else working . Strutting , cringing , bragging or begging , Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck . Stand out performances beside Kilmer definitely include Ted Levine as the lead cop in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as Holmes estranged wife . The trio of criminals Holmes falls in with include the frighteningly high energy Josh Lucas , the ever interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a pivotal role as the teller yet another version of the murders . Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland , there is always a worse version possible , but looking through the debauchery surrounding it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth .
1 No , this is not no Alice fairy tale my friends ! This ` Wonderland ' fable is based on the true story of the gruesome bloody Wonderland murders that occurred back in 80 's California . At the center of this bloodbath was no other than ` Johnny Wad ' himself . Yes , John Holmes ! Daddy ding - dong used other shotguns than his infamous 13-inch milk machine . Besides being a legendary adult film actor , Holmes was as also a hardcore drug addict who befriended various Hollywood junkies . Val Kilmer was occasionally majestic as Holmes , but for once this Holmes character did not milk it through completely . The film possesses a ` who 's who ' of supporting players : Josh Lucas & Dylan Mcdermott as Hollywood riffraffs , Kate Bosworth & Lisa Kudrow as the women in Holmes life , and Eric Bogosian as a menacing Tinsletown entrepreneur . These characters do play integral parts , directly or indirectly , in the ` Wonderland ' murders . Out of this support group , it was Josh Lucas who was the most fierce & impressive as the ardent Ron Launius . Lucas is gradually escalating into a major Hollywood player with such charismatic turns in ` A Beautiful Mind ' & ` Sweet Home Alabama ' . Director James Cox sometime proved to be a bit of a coxsucker by displaying a vast amount of overextended scenes , just like Holmes ' famous organ . Holmes was eventually acquitted of the ` Wonderland ' murders . He died of complications from the Aids virus . ` Wonderland ' will keep you wondering what really happened that bloody night , and if Holmes really laid out his weapon . Oops ! Wrong Holmes movie ! Ok ! That is enough before I get ` penislized ' I mean penalized . Bye Holmies ! * * * Average
1 I had no problem with the film , which I thought was pretty good . It 's the actual LAPD crime scene video that disturbed me . I wonder if Lion 's Gate REALLY thought that the general viewing audience would want to see people that were brutally beaten to death and blood all over the place . Sorry Lion 's Gate , this was an INCREDIBLY BAD IDEA!!!<br /><br />Getting back to the film : The cast was excellent , especially Val Kilmer as the late John Holmes . John Holmes was a sleaze , mistreats the women in his life ( Lisa Kudrow as his wife , Kate Bosworth as his girlfriend),and he is hopelessly deep into drugs . His connection to Eddie Nash ( Eric Bogosian)creates a spiral that resulted in the infamous Wonderland murders . Exactly how much was Holmes involved in the murders ? We may never know the entire truth to the story(Nash is still alive and a free man),but the film does a pretty good job nonetheless .
1 Holy crap this is so hysterical ! Why are n't American comedies written like this ? For anybody who thinks comedy has to be dumb-- there is more wit and intelligence in the six episodes of this series than in a shelf of novels ! Hugh Laurie is a complete hoot . I could n't believe it was the same guy as House ! There are so many great lines and gags in this series you could watch each show dozens of times and still pick up on new things each time . Rowan Atkinson is hilarious as the verbose and put upon butler Edmund . This is my favorite of all the Blackadder series . And Tony Robinson is wonderful as ever as the somewhat obtuse heart of the series , " the oppressed mass " Baldrick . Some of my favorite lines : " When someone messes with a Wellington he really puts his foot in it " and Baldrick explaining how he got his name and cousin Macadder " the top kipper salesman " and homicidal swordsman from Scotland .
1 After the success of the second instalment , Richard Curtis and Ben Elton decided that Blackadder should have a third appearance . This time instead of Tudor times or Elizabethan times , Edmund Blackadder ( BAFTA nominated Rowan Atkinson ) is living in the time of the French Revolution . Accompanied by the now stupid but lovable Baldrick ( Tony Robinson ) Blackadder is the " faithful " butler to George , the Prince Regent of Wales ( Hugh Laurie ) . Throughout this third series to the wonderfully written sitcom Blackadder tries everything he can to get rich and powerful . He tries electing a lord for a rotten borough , tries to sell a book , tries to win a bet about The Scarlet Pimpernel , tries to be a highway man and finally poses as the Prince . This is a very good instalment to the popular comedy . Includes appearances from Robbie Coltrane , Tim McInnerny , Miranda Richardson and Stephen Fry . It won the BAFTA for Best Comedy Series , and it was nominated for Best Design and Best Make Up . Rowan Atkinson was number 18 on The 50 Greatest British Actors , he was number 24 on The Comedians ' Comedian , and he was number 8 on Britain 's Favourite Comedian , Edmund Blackadder was number 3 on The 100 Greatest TV Characters , and he was number 3 on The World 's Greatest Comedy Characters , and Blackadder ( all four series ) was number 2 on Britain 's Best Sitcom . Outstanding !
1 We could still use Black Adder even today . Imagine Rowan Atkinson resuming the role of assistant to the prime minister played by the wonderful Hugh Laurie . Hugh is sensational as the dimwit Prince George and Edmund as his brilliant assistant . I love the episode which Kenneth Connor guest stars as a British thespian . Every time , Edmund says Macbeth . The two thespians do a silly little act to ward off evil spirits . It 's the funniest things that you will see . Of course , none of this brilliance and comedic genius could be without Ben Elton and Richard Curtis who are also behind the films like Love Actually , The Thin Blue Line , Four Weddings and A Funeral . Black Adder is funny and almost too good for television . Humor can be smart , sexy , and funny all at one . I was hoping last night on Saturday Night Live that Hugh Laurie would pay homage to his background in British humor . If the gang at SNL did some research , they would know what a treasure it was to have Hugh Laurie grace their stage .
1 The 3rd and in my view the best of the Blackadder series.<br /><br />The only downside is that there is no Lord Percy who was the funniest character from the previous series but Hugh Laurie 's Prince Regent is suitably madcap laugh a line.<br /><br />As a package it 's quality through and through with convincing regency sets , superb cutting sarcasm and little bits of the wacky , the ' macbeth ' actors standing out and Prince Georges ' lucky us ' chicken impression , and the missing words from Dr Johnson 's dictionary.<br /><br />Few comedies have been quite as both clever as they are funny , okay the odd lame observation or line gets in but mostly it 's a scream .
1 SERIES THREE- BLACKADDER THE THIRD " If you want something done properly , kill Baldrick before you start " Hot on the heels of the second series the show returned with the current owner of the famous name down on his luck and in service as butler to the Prince Regent , a vain and stupid foil for Blackadders venom , played by Hugh Laurie . Baldrick is still in tow as the other piece of the comedic jigsaw . The format is similar to the previous show , after all now they had found the winning formula why change things . We see Blackadder trying to get rich off of the back of the gullible regent in many more ingenious ways , trying to make Bladrick an M.P.or trying to woe a suitable bride for the prince . In many ways this is one of the most accurate of the series historically , the prince regent did take control of the throne during his fathers bout of madness and some of the characters lampooned tell a lot about the times . Samuel Johnson , William Pit and Wellington all pass through the events and all manage to steal their scenes , not an easy thing with such a stellar cast
1 Blackadder 3 is probably the Blackadder series that people have least heard of - it has basically the same principles as the second and fourth ones and has nothing revolutionary in it . But it is still great - a fiery Duke of Wellington and a fat foolish Dr Johnson ( writer of the first dictionary in England ) make this series one to be reckoned with . There are still more hilarious one - liners to be delivered in this series , and it brings out the humour in a lesser - known era - in historically accurate and enjoyable episodes . Blackadder 's third outing is not the most famous and well - known of the lot , but Rowan Atkinson 's role as a butler to a stupid prince is a funny and effectively done one , and Hugh Laurie is at his best in this series . Very good ! 9/10
1 This time around , Blackadder is no longer royal(or even particularly close to being any such thing ) ... instead , rather a butler to the Prince Regent , portrayed by Hugh Laurie(who replaces Tim McInnerny , who presence is sorely missed , and that hole is never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a bumbling and complete moron , we ca n't help but care for him , which is n't at all true of his replacement ) as being intolerably daft(which he apparently was , according to the Trivia page ) , not to mention loud - mouthed and utterly non - threatening . Edmund can now do just about what he pleases , and does so . Why is he so frustrated and angry(honestly , it gets depressing at times ) ? Yes , his master is a buffoon , they always are . He does n't seem to lack money , nor is he in any danger . In the second series , the Queen was mischievous and childish , and would cut off someone 's head - or marry them - on a whim . Here there is simply never enough at stake for any of the conflict to be exciting and interesting . There is still commentary and even a little satire . Too often , it seems as if they thought that the history was funny enough on its own , so they merely restate it , not bothering to actually turn the facts into jokes or gags . And I ca n't tell you how many of them I figured out before they were done , literally more than a minute away . It 's not usually a positive when you know the punchline before it is delivered . Baldrick does n't change from last season ... he 's still rather pathetic and stupid , leading to " silly " humor . Frankly , the amount goes through the roof . Do n't get me started on the gross - out stuff . The sarcastic , verbal wit can still be great , though much less of it is than before . I 'd say about half of the episodes were rather amusing and downright funny , while the other three did n't really get me into them at all . I was disappointed in how predictable some of the plots and developments thereof were ... I could see many of such coming a mile away . Some of the material tries way too hard to be funny and winds up coming across as incredibly forced . This continues with the tradition started by " II " of letting the plans work out occasionally . The theme is the worst of the bunch , the credits sequences the least creative . All in all , this is , by far , my least favorite of the four . I recommend it to fans of the franchise and of British comedy in general . 7/10
1 I think ' Blackadder the Third ' is the best one of the series.<br /><br />Actuelly all the episodes are funny , personally i really like the episode with the ' French invasion ' , but the one with the superstitious actors , in ' MACBETH ' is also really funny , the way Rowan keeps playing on with them is really ( English ) Humor at the highest level.<br /><br />Actors : ' Never say that again , always call it the Scottish Play ; Blackadder : Oh , So you want me to say the Scottish Play ? Actors : YES Blackadder : Rather than MACBETH ... !<br /><br />I am a big fan of Rowan and i have the majority of his work , but i think he did the series of Blackadder especially good.<br /><br />I Hope Rowan is going to continue his great style , but i think we can count on him , because he is already working on a Bean 2 Movie , that will be out this year , i ca n't wait ... <br /><br />I Give this 3rd Blackadder a 9 out of 10 Rating .
1 In this installment of the series , Edmund Blackadder is stuck in the Regency period in Britain ( during the later portion of George III 's rule ) . This time , Blackadder 's prospects are much poorer -- as instead of royalty , he 's a servant to the very , very thick George IV ( the price regent ) . Unlike the historical accounts of George IV , this one is about as bright as a tomato and as a result , Blackadder 's able to take advantage of him and scheme to his heart 's content . The only major difference in style between this one and earlier ones is that the series ends on a very , very , very different note -- you just have to see it to believe it . Other than that , all the usual story elements are there and the show is hilarious . The only reservation I have ( as always ) is that this show is not appropriate for the kids due to its crude language and adult situations .
1 THE INVADERS IS A FAST MOVING SCI - FI THRILLER STARRING BEN CROSS AND SEAN YOUNG . BEN PLAYS RENN , A TRAVELLER FROM ANOTHER GALAXY TRYING TO FIND ANNIE ( PLAYED BY SEAN ) WHO IS PHYSICALLY IDEAL TO HAVE HIS CHILD . THIS CHILD , IF ALLOWED TO BE BORN AND RETURNED TO HIS PLANET , MAY BE THE ONLY CHANCE FOR HIS RACE TO SURVIVE . THE ENEMY , AN ALIEN WHO HAS DESTROYED RENN 'S PEOPLE , HAS ALSO FOLLOWED RENN ACROSS THE STARS TO STOP THIS BIRTH . CROSS AGAIN SHOWS GREAT RANGE FROM COMICAL BEGINNINGS AS THE ALIEN ENTERS A LOCAL BAR AND ORDERS HIS FIRST EARTHLING COCKTAIL , TO HIS RACE WITH THE ENEMY AND THE DRAMA OF WHETHER HE CAN KEEP ANNIE AND THE CHILD SHE IS CARRYING ALIVE .
1 Esther Williams gets her first post MGM starring role and gets off < br /><br />to a good start . This film is a well acted entertaining suspense < br /><br />with a mature theme that would be repeated a million times more < br /><br />in the future - innocent girl stalked creepy woman hater . Esther < br /><br />looks great and if she wanted to , probably could have gone on to < br /><br />do more and better films but according to her autobiography , < br /><br />pretty much gave up working for marriage . Either way she is so < br /><br />likable and engaging that its fun to see her in a totally different role < br /><br />outside of the ' swimming musical ' . Universal was fabulous for < br /><br />making films with former MGM stars after that studio began < br /><br />dropping its biggest names as it began to slide down hill . Stars < br /><br />like Lana Turner , June Allyson and others got to make quality first < br /><br />rate films at Universal as they obviously still had drawing power at < br /><br />the box office . I wish Esther had made more but since she did nt , it < br /><br />makes this one all the more special .
1 In her first nonaquatic role , Esther Williams plays a school teacher who 's the victim of sexual assault . She gives a fine performance , proving she could be highly effective out of the swimming pool . As the detective out to solve the case , George Nader gives perhaps his finest performance . And he is so handsome it hurts ! John Saxon is the student under suspicion , and although he gets impressive billing in the credits , it 's Edward Andrews as his overly - protective father who is the standout.<br /><br />Bathed in glorious Technicolor , The Unguarded Moment is irresistible hokum and at times compelling drama .
1 I stumbled on this series rather by accident . After half an episode , I was hooked . American Gothic was a dark , strange series with Gary Cole as the mysterious , probably evil Sheriff Buck who is trying to gain control of his illegitimate son Caleb , played by Lucas Black . I was impressed with Gary Cole 's sinister sheriff and I was even more impressed with Lucas Black . Lucas Black 's Caleb was able to stand up against Sheriff Buck , one of the most frightening characters ever created for a TV series . I have rarely seen a child actor with as much presence or talent as Lucas Black . If you were not lucky enough to see Lucas in American Gothic , see him in Slingblade.<br /><br />It was a remarkable show with many ambiguities and mysteries that were never explained during it 's short run .
1 Definitely spoilers in this review ! I * * adore * * American Gothic and have done since I first saw it late at night when it first aired on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14 . The comparisons made to Stephen King are just about right . It 's small town supernatural eeriness but with fantastic layered characters . Best of all , and the reason I love it so much , is it had the guts to never be black and white ! Lucas Buck though lacking any conscience often works by , as he says , giving people enough rope to hang themselves with . His manipulation only works because of other people 's weak morals . Caleb though generally a thoughtful , kind , insightful boy can at times show the latent dark side inherited from his father . None of the characters are wholly good or bad with even the angelic Merlyn showing a wrathful side through reckless vengeance in The Plague Sower . Not only that but having Gail , the closest thing to a mother figure for Caleb , not only sleep with but fall in love with Lucas despite all she knows made me realise this show would just go there and not apologise for it . I 'm a huge Buffy fan , but when that show tried to go really ' dark ' in later seasons it failed miserably because it lost it 's humorous side and did n't commit fully to its ideas . AG shows that you can have a morally bankrupt character right at the heart of the show , and still have a hell of laugh doing it.<br /><br />I ca n't even think about why it was cancelled as I 'll just get too angry at the ridiculousness of it all . So much rubbish on TV and good , original shows get kicked around and stamped on . Thanks to the emergence of DVD at least I can see the show in it 's entirety ! Yes some of the visuals look dated now , but the creepy strange atmosphere is provided well enough by the story lines . The actors also all give such perfect performances that it more than makes up for some odd camera work.<br /><br />The only reason why I think someone may not like this show is that it is n't like the X - files where there are cases to ' solve ' or Lost where there 's huge unanswered questions . It 's pretty obvious from the get go that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil powers , and that the show is all about fighting for Caleb 's soul . So this show might frustrate people looking for a purpose or an unknown ' truth ' to find . Yes there are some mysterious unanswered aspects , with some such as the truth about Gails parents getting resolved , but unlike Lost and X - files this show is n't about trying to find out more ' facts ' about what 's going on IMO . It 's all about the characters and the way they have to confront moral choices in the twisted world of Trinity . Personally I would just get such a kick out of seeing Lucas turn every situation to his advantage.<br /><br />All in all the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT . I 'm pretty certain most fantasy / horror fans will LOVE it . Also even though it got cancelled all characters have arcs and there is enough in the finale to give some small sense of closure . The only hanging thread I felt was Dr Matt . Having him not be in the final episodes is strange . < br /><br />I would have done anything for a second season , but at least the full 22 episodes exist and perhaps given how brainless some TV execs appear to be I should be glad this wonderful show got made at all ! ! !
1 I loved this show when it aired on television and was crushed when I found out that someone somewhere decided that it was n't worthy of being continued ! For years I hung onto my copies of this show , ones that I had taped or had someone tape for me . That is until now . The powers that be finally decided to release this beautiful series on DVD and I finally was able to get my eager little hands on the complete set . Which , brings me to this part ; the part about that this show is all about.<br /><br />American Gothic is about good verses evil , basically a struggle between Lucas Buck ( that is Buck , with a B ) . He is an evil sheriff of a South Carolina small town that runs things the way he wants things to be ran and stops at nothing to get his way.<br /><br />I felt the show was wonderfully written and directed and had lots of life left yet to be lived . I really hated when it was canceled , but that is the way it seems to go for me when I finally find something worth watching on television.<br /><br />Gary Cole did a great job as the role of Sheriff Lucas Buck , he has just the right amount of charm verses evil to pull it off . The other actors did a super job as well , so I guess you could say , even the casting was a hit with me .
1 They had me from the first show.<br /><br />Welcome to Trinity County . A sleepy little Mayberry - like place with one slight difference . The sheriff is really Satan . There 's the spoiler . Not like you would n't figure it out in 10 minutes anyway.<br /><br />Oh , but that 's not all . It turns out that Satan has a son named Caleb . Some people are trying to keep him good , but it 's an uphill battle . Sheriff Buck ( Satan ) knows who Caleb is and likes to spend time with him teaching him the ways of darkness . Subtle . Sneaky . He does n't always come off as evil . Most of the time he 's a hero . Everyone owes him a big favor , because he often sets up a calamity and saves them from it . So every time you think someone will finally take him down , one of his friends comes out of nowhere to sabotage it.<br /><br />In one of my favorite episodes , Lucas and Caleb were out in the woods in a cabin and some guys with guns decided to rob them . Lucas used it as an excuse to teach Caleb a lesson about evil.<br /><br />The robber ( Ted ) was hesitant to shoot them . Lucas told Caleb that Ted had half a conscience . If he had no conscience , he would have shot them by now . If he had a real conscience , he never would have become a criminal . So he started calling him Half - Ted . It was pretty funny . He was taunting the criminals . And of course he stayed 10 steps ahead of Half - Ted at all times . And of course he was in complete control at all times . They actually had you favoring Satan.<br /><br />Very very excellent show . it was one of my favorite horror shows of all time . Twilight Zone Night Stalker Circle of Fear American Gothic Supernatural < br /><br />That 's good company .
1 I really like this show . I can readily see how it achieved cult status . It 's original , and thought provoking . For some reason though , I have never felt the kind of resonance from it that I could have . It does n't pack the kind of open door , winter chill that was to be had from such an awesome premise . Each time I watch an episode , I find myself prodding , and pushing for it to answer some nameless , formless question.<br /><br />Before continuing , let me preface this by saying that what follows is my opinion , and my opinion only . Different strokes for different folks.<br /><br />I would have liked to have seen more scenes in " American Gothic " that were shot at night . There 's too much daylight in this show , and I think it had a tendency to counteract the suspense . We 're not afraid of the daylight , after all . We 're concerned about what 's in the shadows . The devil is n't always in the details . What we 're not seeing is often the most frightening.<br /><br />Second -- and this is the one that 's probably going to lead to tar , and feathers : Gary Cole is a tremendously talented actor ... a character actor . I 've followed his career from The Brady Bunch films on , which is why it pains me to say that he was probably miscast as Lucas Buck . He 's almost too petroichan , too likable to be embodiment of evil , even by Biblical standards . Lucas Buck is a narcotic . He 's Heroin . He 's freebasing in a kitchen laboratory next to a gallon of Drain - O. You keep going back , even though you know the end will be madness , and death . He should be like the ultimate loan shark . He 's a maker of book , but also of unspeakable condemnation . Sure . You 've got the money , and before long you 're also going to have broken fingers ; a severed hand , a decapitated head , and eventually , a damned soul . Turning to Buck is an act of desperation , and whenever he 's around , there should be some immediate , ambient finality -- with interest compounded daily -- in the air.<br /><br />It 's all largess , all strings attached , and by the time you realize that , you 'll also know that it 's too late.<br /><br />Which leads me to three : they showed Buck a little too often . He 's in most of the scenes , in fact , which may have caused him to lose his edge . The sheriff would be like the next door mythology . He 's the apocryphal acquaintance . Many would know ' of ' him , but only an unfortunate few would really know him . He 'd be the stuff of flashbacks , and cryptic conversations , and the perfect person to deliver this plot exposition would have been the deputy character that Nick Searcy portrayed.<br /><br />Four , the show could be very self - reverential -- to a fault , some might say -- and this is typified by the whistling of " Meet Me At The Fishing Hole " in the series pilot . I think we 've already established that what Cassidy , and Raimi were shooting for was the anti - Andy Taylor . We probably did n't need the concept delivered to us via Fed Ex . I gathered that within the first five minutes so , for me , the piano on the head was unnecessary.<br /><br />These remarks are all about what , FOR ME , would have made a good show great . I also understand that the producers had their own , unique style , and that there were many hands in the soup . In their everlasting quest for LCD programming , the network played a definite role in the demise of this series.<br /><br />The least these jerk - off suits could have done was to air the episodes in order.<br /><br />Get real.<br /><br />Either way , it 's a grievous loss to both genre fans , and casual viewers alike .
1 14 years since this show was made and it is still is the best show ever made . The writing was 1st class and the production second to none . This show would never be made today and that this a shame . I hope if you are thinking about finding this show to watch that you do . < br /><br />AG came out the year I left high school at the time my fav TV show was the x files this gives you an idea of why I first got into this show . AG was a far better program with better writing but only got one reason ? I know this is not the only program to only get one season another example that comes to mind would be the lone gunman ( x files spin off ) it had good writing and was funny but also only got one season . It does not seem right ! < br /><br />We also have to remember that this show was around before shows like twilight made dark shows ' cool ' so I think this may have also let to the show going down hill . < br /><br />Watch this program and enjoy it ! 10 out of 10 for me .
1 After realizing what is going on around us ... in the news .. in our homes .. the whole new world .. I remembered this show and how obsessed I was watching it every week ( in my town ) .. < br /><br />I started looking for this series .. 3 days ago .. didn;t have luck till this moment .. and I was shocked when I read about it and about CBS .. < br /><br />People , I believe they stopped the show because it 's talking about something way ahead of our understanding of the new world ... it was trying to deliver a hidden message about something terrifying .. < br /><br />The people who stopped it are the same who are controlling the world Now .. I remember in one of the episodes it was talking about the ONE dollar and the pyramid with the one eye ...
1 I see a lot of folks on this site wishing AG would come out on DVD . Well , I bought it on DVD . ( From Borders , no less ! ) While it is great to have this terrific show in a boxed DVD form , I am upset by the fact that they added very few in the way of " extra 's " ( A director commentary from Shaun Cassidy on the Pilot episode ) and the episodes are shown in the same order they were put out on TV . The missing episodes that were never shown prior to being run on Sci Fi channel are in the box set , but are tacked on the final DVD . If you buy the DVD set , get the actual order they are to be viewed and you will be happier . ( You will need to swap DVD 's in and out of your player to see them in order , but you will be glad you did.)<br /><br />S
1 I MAY have seen an episode or 2 when the show originally aired but when I watched 1 episode on netflix I was also hooked . I watched the whole series in like 2 days . :) I really liked Gary Cole 's character . First he 's thoroughly reprehensible then you start liking the character ( " These things have a thousand uses " ) ! His folksy Andy Griffith meets Charles Manson meets Satan is great . Charming , charismatic , smarmy , and uh kind of dangerous and by " kind of " I mean " really " . I wanna be like HIM when I grow up . Lucas Black is great too . The accents are great too . Anyway , I thought this was one of the best TV shows ever and you owe it to yourself to see it .
1 AG was an excellent presentation of drama , suspense and thriller that is so rare to American TV . Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies . We rooted for Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas . We became engrossed and fearful upon learning of the unthinkable connection between these two characters . The manipulations which weekly gave cause to fear what Lucas would do next were truly surprising . This show lived up to the " Gothic " moniker in ways American entertainment has so seldom attempted , much less mastered . The suits definitely made a big mistake in not supporting this show . This show puts shame to the current glut of " reality " shows- which are so less than satisfying viewing . The call for a DVD box set is well based . This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing . A public that is tiring of over - saturation of mind - numbing reality fare will welcome this gem of real storytelling . Bring on the DVD box set ! !
1 This was one of the best shows ever made for TV . Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns . Compulsive viewing . I was lucky I saw this in the UK . They might have got the episode order wrong , I ca n't remember , but it at least was on at a regular time every week . My girlfriend and I got hooked from the trailer in , and neither of us is a big fan of American series normally.<br /><br />After the pilot , we knew this was something special . We missed a couple of episodes , and it made you sad and mad for a week missing those ones lol.<br /><br />Great casting , superb acting . Gary Cole was absolutely brilliant , better even than his role as Custer . Lucas Black turned in an amazing performance for a kid , and Paige Turco was at her best too since Party of Five . And Nick Searcy of course , as the Sheriff 's long suffering sidekick.<br /><br />Yes , there were some confusing and perplexing bits , which I presume would have been explained later , and no doubt would have been in a later series . That made the ending weak , and you could tell they 'd killed it . Made us go WHAT ? Why did they do that with one of the best shows ever ? Shoot the exec .
1 I remember watching American Gothic when it first aired , it came into my mind recently , all I could remember was the same guy appeared in Midnight Caller , which is Gary Cole , I do n't watch much TV , but I watched American Gothic , I purchased the Complete Series on DVD this week , & it 's still as good as ever , This is one of the best TV series ever , the reason I do n't watch much TV is because it 's just rubbish that 's on , except for Derren Brown , it 's all Reality TV or Soaps , such as Grease , Big Brother etc , i 'm fed up with it , I got the Complete Series of American Gothic for £ 16.97 form the Asda website , that 's the cheapest I can find it .
1 I could never remember the name of this show . I use to watch it when I was 8 . I remember staying up late when I was n't suppose to just so I could watch this show . It was the best show to me . From what I remember of it , it is still great . This showed starred Lucas Black making him the first boy I ever had a crush on . I am from the country , therefore boys with an accent have no appeal to me , but for him I would definitely make an exception . Which after seeing Crazy in Alabama , Friday Night Lights , and Tokyo Drift you should see why . He is a great actor and has been since he was a kid . I miss this show and wish it would come back out . If anyone ever sees where they are selling the season please email me . kywildflower16@hotmail.com
1 I watched this show on the basis of it being told it was reminiscent of David Lynch 's Twin Peaks - a show which I adore . The show quickly starts introducing us to the main characters and rather unusually the pilot episode is to me the best of the lot , its extremely dramatic and really gets out the whole evil side of the show ready to progress throughout the rest of the season . My one biggest criticism is I felt a little let down by the show - probably not through its own fault , as it got cancelled after a mere 1 season , it seemed to display show much potential and it deserved a lot better treatment than it got . The acting is excellent , and this show has some of the best characters ( good and evil ) in it I have ever seen that are well developed in a short space of time . There is the odd cheesy effect for the first 5 or ten shows which are a bit overly dramatic , but this is rectified as the season progressed . Well worth a watch , definitely something out of the ordinary !
1 I watched the show 10 years ago and loved it ! ! ! Am now in possession of the DVD and was watching the series , and waiting for scenes I knew were in the show ( when Lucas confronts Gail in his house)and realized it was missing - all of a sudden I was watching the seduction without the lead up . Then I went on line to check out all the BIOS of the stars and came across the comments about the shows being out of order . Thank You ! ! ! ! ! But there seems to be some conflict . Some comments state " Strangler number 19 then Triangle 20 , when another had them around the other way . And also Potato Boy 5 , and Dead to the World 6 , were reversed as well . Can someone clarify ? ? ? ? ?
1 This was an absolutely spellbinding series and was sorry that I was only able to catch a few shows way back when it aired late night in the UK . The style of it was so different from others of its kind and the whole thing had an unnerving air of stylish dread to it . All you have to do is read all the positive comments ( not a single negative that I can see ) to realise what a really innovative series this was and how it caught at the imagination . I now understand from reading the comments it got CANCELLED that 's just so unbelievable . What a bunch of ' headless overpaid suited turkeys ' there must have been ( or just maybe still are ) running around to do that .
1 I love the series ! Many of the stereotypes portraying Southerrners as hicks are very apparent , but such people do exist all too frequently . The portrayal of Southern government rings all too true as well , but the sympathetic characters reminds one of the many good things about the South as well . Some things never change , and we see the " good old boys " every day ! There is a Lucas Buck in every Southern town who has only to make a phone call to make things happen , and the storybook " po ' white trash " are all too familiar . Aside from the supernatural elements , everything else could very well happen in the modern South ! I somehow think Trinity , SC must have been in Barnwell County !
1 It was a bit bizarre and evil and i enjoyed it a lot , the characters in the show were great as well , and complimented one another well . I was sorry to see it cut off .. I would have loved to see where it could have went . You found yourself leaning toward Lucas Buck the sheriff who had more secrets than anyone . Lucas was frightening and alluring . And I would have liked to have seen more of him and how his character became . I will however buy the show just to enjoy , it was great to something different on TV . And Paige Turrco who was Caleb 's cousin , she was a big mystery as to where and what she meant to Lucas . Its a shame it is n't around still .. or was never finished , i would have loved to see what would have happened .
1 " Someones at the Door " . OHHH , How I miss this show so bad .. but we are lucky to now have " Invasion " . Thank You , Shawn Cassidy . American Gothic , had it all . If I had to pick one thing that I liked best about the show , it has to be its " not predictable plot - lines " . Favorite actor was Lucas Black .. I adore that southern accent . I bought the DVD asap , and my kids are fans too . There is some hot n steamy scenes . Some Devilish ones too . So , if kiddos will be watching you may want to edit(fastforward / skip ) . It has humour , on a Joss Wheedon level , which so many shows lack . Adult wit and adult situation , that are handled with finese . The DVD has some extras , but I wish it has many more . If you want to get thrilled and enjoy a great show , come watch " American Gothic " !
1 I 'm watching the series again now that it 's out on DVD ( yay ! ) It 's striking me as fresh , as relevant and as intriguing as when it first aired.<br /><br />The central performances are gripping , the scripts are layered.<br /><br />I'll stick my neck out and put it up there with The Prisoner as a show that 'll be winning new fans and still be watched come 2035.<br /><br />I've been asked to write some more line ( it seems IMDb is as user unfriendly and anally retentively coded as ever ! Pithy and to the point is clearly not the IMDb way.)<br /><br />Well , unlike IMDb 's submissions editors , American Gothic understands that simplicity is everything.<br /><br />In 22 episodes , the show covers more character development than many shows do in seven seasons . On top of which it questions personal ethics and strength of character in a way which challenges the viewer at every turn to ask themselves what they would choose and what they would think in a given situation.<br /><br />When the show first aired , I was still grieving for Twin Peaks and thought it would be a cheap knock off . Personally I 'm starting to rate it more highly and suspect it will stand up better over the years . Reckon it do n't get more controversial than that !
1 I recently purchased the complete American Gothic series on DVD and it lived up to my memories of it . I was very grateful to be able to view for the first time episodes that were never televised . I loved " Ring of Fire " in particular of the stories I had n't seen the first time around.<br /><br />Gary Cole is fantastic as " evil , sexy " Lucas Buck . Lucas Black as Caleb is also a superb player . I thought Brenda Bakke as Selena Coombs was also superb in her portrayal . In fact , the whole cast was fantastically talented and had great chemistry with each other.<br /><br />It 's a shame the series was screwed by the network ( in collusion with a burgeoning group of censors ) because it was truly designed for adult viewing . A mixture of comedy , tragedy , farce , satire , Gothic romance and horror genres , it offered brilliant characterizations supported by acting at the genius level.<br /><br />I had the most tremendous lust for the devil for once in my life . Long live Gary Cole ( Sheriff Lucas Buck ) , the most luscious " fallen angel " ever .
1 I do n't want to bore everyone by reiterating what has already been said , but this is one of the best series ever ! It was a great shame when it was canceled , and I hope someone will have the good sense to pick it up and begin the series again . The good news is that it is OUT ON DVD ! ! ! ! I rushed down to the store and picked up a copy and am happy to say that it is just as good as I remembered it . Gary Cole is a wonderfully dark and creepy character , and all actors were very good . It is a shame that the network did not continue it . Shaun Cassidy , this is a masterpiece . Anyone who enjoys the genre and who has not seen it , must do so . You will not be disappointed . My daughter who was too young to view it when it was on television ( she is 20 ) is becoming very interested , and will soon be a fan . She finds it " very twisted " and has enjoyed the episodes she has seen . I can not wait to view the episodes which were not aired.<br /><br />This show rocks ! ! ! !
1 Recently when i was shopping , i saw the box - set of Americian Gothic , and i thought ' I remember that ! ' I used to set my alarm to get back up & watch this when it was on CH 4 in 1996 at 1.30am ( i was 14 ) . I remember it mostly because it was really scary and weird , no person could ever be as frightening as Lucas Buck ( with a B ! ! ) No one ever was anyway . < br /><br />What annoyed me though was they did the same thing to the box - set as when on TV . Episodes in funny order , I kept thinking when does Dr Matt leave ? ? ? - they made it so confusing . < br /><br />However this is not the writers , producers or directors fault ( its TV people in background the money makers They still do the same - Just look at shows like Carnivale and Farscape they do n't like originality in studios!!!!!)<br /><br />To finish - If you 've not seen this and you call yourself a Sci - Fi Fantasy , Horror , supernatural drama .. Fan = YOU MUST . They even said the same in SFX when reviewing the box - set .
1 I purchased the DVD set on a recommendation from Amazon.com based on my other interests . They hit the nail on the head with this one . I remember watching the show when it was on TV but always wondered what happened to it . Ten years later , it 's like watching it all again for the first time . Lucas Black as Caleb Temple and Gary Cole as Sheriff Lucas Buck are great together , even though they are somewhat rivals . Almost representing good ( Caleb ) and evil ( Sherriff Lucas Buck ) . I never really understood exactly what Lucas was supposed to be , but let it suffice to say , he has some special powers that I do n't believe were granted by anything Holy . He can make phones ring , writing appear , or even cause a person 's emotions to change . None the less , there are a few episodes where he actually becomes the good guy in spite of it all . All in all , this is an excellent series that like so many others I can think of , ( I.E. Point Pleasant , Threshold , Nowhere Man , and SeaQuest DSV just to name a few ) were cancelled way before their time . The Steven King 's The Dead Zone ( Sunday 's USA Network ) seems to be the only thing in this genre that seems to be making it . There is just nothing fit to watch on TV anymore . This is because anything that deals with Christianity and Satan is considered offensive and must be immediately pulled from TV . So , in the meantime , I 'll just keep buying DVD sets and watching shows that should still be on TV but were booted off TV by religious zealots so we could watch " quality " shows like Family Guy and American Dad and The Simpsons ( what a bunch of crap that is ) .
1 When the US entered World War I , the government forced Hollywood to churn out propaganda films . THE LITTLE American is probably the best of the lot because it stars Mary Pickford.<br /><br />Pickford plays a young woman torn between two men : Jack Holt ( German ) and Raymond Hatton ( French ) , but her decision is delayed because of the war as both men enlist.<br /><br />When the ship Pickford is sailing on is sunk by the Germans ( think Lusitania ) because it is carrying munitions , Pickford has a great scene as she stands on the lifeboat and yells at the German commander . Later on , of course , she runs into both Holt and Hatton when she is being held as a war prisoner at a château.<br /><br />Director Cecil B. DeMille provides one truly great scene in this film as Pickford and Holt are wandering through a bombed - out village . They pass a destroyed church of which only one wall remains standing . Against the wall is a very large crucifix . As they stand and watch , the wall collapses but the Jesus figure remains , suspended in mid air . It 's a very surreal moment in a film that is otherwise very straightforward and un - artsy.<br /><br />Pickford is , as always , a pleasure to watch . She was always a very natural actress who avoided the arm - waving histrionics many other actors of the day used . She 's also very very pretty . Holt is very good here in a leading - man role . Hatton is OK . Among the list of name actors in " extra " parts are Wallace Beery , Ramon Novarro , Colleen Moore , Ben Alexander , Hobart Bosworth , Norman Kerry , Walter Long , James Neill , and Edythe Chapman.<br /><br />Not a great film , but interesting to see US propaganda at work .
1 Mary Pickford ( " Born on the Fourth of July " as Angela Moore ) is " The Little American " ( of French heritage ) ; she falls in love with Jack Holt ( as Karl Von Austreim ) , who had moved to America with his German father and American mother . French - American Raymond Hatton ( as Count Jules de Destin of the " Fighting Destins " ) has fallen in love with Ms. Pickford . The love triangled threesome eventually wind up in France , with the Great War ( World War I , in hindsight ) complicating their lives considerably.<br /><br />A mostly entertaining , if propagandistically flawed , Cecil B. DeMille film . The torpedoing , and sinking , of a ship carrying Pickford is " Titanic "- like . The war intrigue gets dramatic as Pickford slowly becomes an undercover spy for France , while the Germans occupy her ancestral home . Of course , German lover Holt arrives . It was difficult to believe they took so long to recognize each other as he moved in for the rape , but it was dark ; and , prior events had them believe each other dead . The film goes WAY over - the - top in its symbolism . Pickford was , by the way , Canadian - though , few could deny she was n't a " Little American " , for all intents and purposes.<br /><br />FUN to spot " extras " who later became major stars include Wallace Beery , Colleen Moore , and Ramon Novarro - especially , watch for Mr. Novarro exhibiting " star " quality during one of the film 's more memorable sequences : Pickford and the wounded soldier saluting each other as he is taken by her on a stretcher . Novarro even gets Mary Pickford to write a letter for him ; obviously , he 's got a future in pictures . Also future - bound is Ben Alexander , who plays the boy " Bobby " ; he becomes a dependable child actor , and grows up to become a Jack Webb partner on " Dragnet " . < br /><br / > * * * * * * * The Little American ( 7/12/17 ) Cecil B. DeMille ~ Mary Pickford , Jack Holt , Raymond Hatton
1 ( SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH ) This movie 's anti - German sentiment seems painfully dated now , but it 's a brilliant example of great war - time propaganda . It was made back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director . ( Ignore all his later Best Picture Academy Awards ; he never made a very good sound film . ) This movie lacks the comedy of most of Pickford 's other films , and really it was DeMille 's movie , not Pickford 's . The vilification of the Germans can be compared to the way " The Patriot " of 2000 did the same to the British . The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim . They even had Pickford take an ill - fated trip on a luxury ship that gets torpedoed by a German submarine . So what 'll get the Americans more stirred up to war ? The sinking of the Lusitania , or watching America 's favorite Canadian import sinking in it ? All throughout the film DeMille runs his protagonist from one kind of horrible calamity to another , barely escaping death , hypothermia , depravity , rape , execution , and explosions that go off in just the right place to keep her unharmed . The way she is saved from a firing squad is no more believable than the way the humans in " Jurassic Park " were ultimately rescued from the velociraptors . If I was any more gullible to such propaganda I would punish myself for having a part - German ancestry . < br /><br />Was it a good film ? Aside from a humorous running gag about Americans abroad thinking they 're untouchable – that was apparently a joke even back then – you might not be entertained . You 'll find it more than a little melodramatic , and obviously one - sided , but the first thing that came to my mind after watching it is that it was years before Potemkin 's false portrayal of a massacre revolutionized the language of cinema as well as a movie 's potential for propaganda . It made me wonder : what became of Cecil B. DeMille ? Somewhere between the advent of sound and " The Greatest Show on Earth " he seemed to lose his ambition . Ben Hur looked expensive , but not ambitious . In a sentence , this movie is for 1 ) Film historians , 2 ) Silent Film Buffs , 3 ) Mary Pickford fans , or 4 ) DeMille fans , if such a person exists .
1 Yes , the plot is predictable ; yes , there are a few plot holes ; yes , it has a made - for - TV quality ; and yes , Britney Spears " wrote " the book with obvious self - promotion.<br /><br />But forget all of that ... this movie is fun.<br /><br />Fun in an After School Special sort - of - way , but fun nevertheless.<br /><br />Virginia Madsen as the mother does a great job ... so good that I 'm going to start watching for her movies . She reminded me of Diane Lane for all the good reasons.<br /><br />The rest of the cast does a fine job , too . If I was a casting agent , I 'd be scouting some of these young actors.<br /><br />The production values are above usual TV standards and the music was really great ... better than several big - budget movies I 've seen.<br /><br />If you 're in the mood for German noir this movie is n't for you . If you want a safe , fun and underrated movie , this is a good one . It 's one you could show to your 10 year old daughter but enjoy it yourself too .
1 I really think that this movie is great , personally . But , in every movie there is a downer . Now , some of you may not have watched Hilary Duff 's ' Raise Your Voice ' , but If you think about it , those two shows are very very similar , if you know what i mean . In ' Brave New Girl ' , Holly wants so bad to get into Haverty Conservatory . In ' Raise Your Voice ' , Terri wants to go to a conservatory in L.A.(don't remember the name of the conservatory there ) . They are both in the music field , and they both have to sing at the ending of the semester . It 's really funny how these two films are alike . I personally like ' Brave New Girl ' better than , ' Raise Your Voice ' though .
1 I 've read the other reviews and found some to be comparison of movie v real life ( eg what it takes to get into music school ) , Britney Bashing , etc , etc . so let 's focus on the movie and the message.<br /><br />I have rated this movie 7 out of 10 for the age range 8 to 14 years , and for a family movie . For the average adult male .... 2 out of 10.<br /><br />I like pop / rock music , i 'm 45 . I know of Britney Spears but never realised she actually sang Stronger until i read the credits and these reviews . I did n't recognise her poster on the wall so I was not worried about any ' self promotion'.<br /><br />I watch movies to be entertained . i do n't care about casting , lighting , producers , directors , etc . What is the movie and does it entertain me.<br /><br />I watched this movie for the message . The world 's greatest epidemic is low self - esteem ( which is a whole other story ) so watched with the message in mind , as that is an area of interest . The movie is light , bright and breezy , great for kids . I found the Texan twang began to fade throughout the movie and of course there are only so many ways to convey the give up / don't give up message , so yeh , it was a bit predictable . Great message though ... should be more of them.<br /><br />This movie is a great family movie , but for a bloke watching by himself , get Hannibal .
1 I really enjoyed this movie . Britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated . This movie is about following your dreams and never giving up no matter what people might do or say to discourage and criticize you . Holly fulfills her dreams just like Britney . < br /><br />There are times in everyones ' lives when people judge them for what they are not who they are . Watching this movie will make you understand that you are special in your own way and that you should follow your dreams no matter what happens . < br /><br />I would like to thank Britney for encouraging me and my friends to follow our dreams . She will never know how much that means to me . Bravo Britney . You are the greatest ! ! !
1 I 'd just like to say that i 've seen this film twice now and i love it ! The acting is great and even though it is a similar plot to " Raise Your Voice " I think that the plot never gets boring for people who like that kind of thing . It has some great lessons in it and shows us that we can do anything if we try . An incredible film . I am sure that this is one i will be watching for a long time to come . Even though Britney Spears write the book it is quite a realistic plot , maybe not about the falling in love part , but the part about being different and struggling but coming out best in the end is very true to real life . The only minor criticism is why is the main girl in these films always beautiful ? Do you really think that Holly would have met the perfect guy of her dreams if she was ugly or average ? I doubt it ..
1 In " Brave New Girl , " Holly comes from a small town in Texas , sings " The Yellow Rose of Texas " at a local competition , and gets admitted to a prestigious arts college in Philadelphia . From there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty . I loved this movie . It was full of great singing and acting and characters that kept it moving at a very nice pace . The acting was , of course , wonderful . Virginia Madsen and Lindsey Haun were outstanding , as well as Nick Roth The camera work was really done well and I was very pleased with the end ( It seems a sequel could be in the making ) . Kudos to the director and all others that participated on this production . Quite a gem in the film archives .
1 This review owes its existence entirely to a review . We take a weekly TV magazine to see what is coming up , and duly decide what we will watch . Obligingly , there are brief reviews of most of the films scheduled to be shown on the five major terrestrial channels . In addition to the prose , each film is allocated a 1 - 5 star rating . 5 means Do n't Miss ( superior to 4 for Excellent ! ) , down to 1 standing for Poor . We have learned from vast experience that , with few exceptions , stars are awarded for gross taste , foul language , offensive content , promiscuity , horror , blood & guts , and especially killing off the hero / heroine just when everyone was about to live happily ever after . ( If that is n't done , the movie is denigrated as being ' predictable ' - the worst insult imaginable!)<br /><br />Brave New Girl was given only 1 star , thereby suggesting it was a candidate worthy of our time and attention . This was confirmed by the reviewer 's description of the movie as being a " truly awful tale " , and , " Stupid , just stupid " . We watched it , and my wife and I were glad we did so . The TV magazine reviewer further stated that the movie was " not a reworking of War and Peace " , with which we have to agree . Reading through the IMDb reviews for this title a day or two later , the urge to pick up my pen ( so to speak ) to add my halfpennyworth ( pronounced harf'pen'uth ( emphasis on the first syllable ) for the uninitiated ) became overwhelming.<br /><br />Why did we take to this movie ? Well , it 's just a matter of taste . We like attractive characters , believable relationships between them , interesting situations , courtesy and respect , good triumphing over evil , and so on . We liked the integrity and personalities of Holly ( Lindsey Haun ) , her Mum ( Virginia Madsen ) , Ditz ( Barbara Mamabolo ) , Grant ( Nick Roth ) , Zoe ( Joanne Boland ) and the two male professors involved in the story . So what if the storyline includes a ' wicked witch of the west ' in the form of Angela ( Barbara Mamabolo ) , provided that she plays the part with some conviction . We appreciated the friendship depicted between the two room - mates , with one having a financially challenged upbringing by a loving single Mum , and the other having every material advantage but receiving little parental time and affection . Is it any wonder that Ditz felt the way she did about Holly 's Mum ? Is it surprising that Grant should take an immediate interest in Holly , considering the manner of their initial meeting , Holly 's dazzling smiles and her lively self - possession ? I think these issues and the events are believable enough , but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic in order for the tale to have a setting.<br /><br />My wife and I are greatly blessed by not having any significant musical education . This enables us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without having our critical faculties intruding unduly on our listening , and thus spoiling the experience . We enjoyed both the classical pieces and the pop , which came over well on the TV , and we were n't struck by any lack of talent . Also , it mattered not that Holly 's classical vocals were dubbed by someone else.<br /><br />We enjoyed the movie enough to look for a DVD . The average delivered price we have paid per disk for the movies in our collection currently stands at £ 4.9484 ( rounded to four decimal places ) . Brave New Girl was available from a trusted supplier on the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1.3516 ( rounded to four decimal places ) above this figure . Such a purchase would increase the average . Why I should resent this is a mystery to me , but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this film that we placed an order anyway . I have awarded this film 7 IMDb stars out of ten , having docked one for overenthusiastic reception of the performances by the audiences , one for Britney advertising and one for something else I ca n't remember right now . ( In case it has n't tumbled , this review is an anthem in celebration of the use of brackets ! )
1 EXTREMITIES is the disturbing , yet riveting screen version of a play by William Mastriosimone ( who adapted his own play for the screen ) about a woman who is attacked in her car one night by a would - be rapist on her way home and is terrified when she realizes the man got her purse and knows where she lives . After her roommates leave for work the next day , the guy shows up at her home and attempts to rape her . The story takes a surprising twist when , at one point , the woman turns the tables on the man and is able to overpower him ; but when she realizes there is no way that attempted rape can be proved and if the man is arrested , he will just get off , she decides to keep him prisoner in the house until she can get a confession out of him . Far - fetched ? Maybe . Disturbing ? Definitely , but there 's a wonderfully claustrophobic feel about this film , especially the middle with just the woman and her attacker , that you ca n't help but feel completely a part of what 's going on . I did not see the play on Broadway , but I would imagine a piece like this works better onstage , but that does n't make this film any less riveting an experience . Farrah Fawcett , one of the last actresses to do the role on Broadway , was awarded the role of Marjorie in the film version and delivers a taut and deeply moving performance as the victim who refuses to be a victim . Many critics found Fawcett 's performance to be one - note , but for me , Marjorie is a woman completely numbed by what she has been through and the performance works for me . James Russo , in the performance of his career , is slimy and menacing as the would - be rapist who finds Marjorie to be much more of a challenge than he assumed . Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid co - star as Marjorie 's roommates , who come home after Marjorie has overpowered the guy and has him tied up and stuffed in their fireplace upon their arrival . And it 's the arrival of the roommates that take the story to an unexpected level because they did n't see what we saw Marjorie go through and therefore , think she should call the police and let them handle the guy . Not for the faint of heart , but if you can stand it , a gripping film experience anchored by a lead performance that will surprise you .
1 Farrah Fawcett is superb in this powerful 1986 drama , where she plays Marjorie , a woman who manages to escape the clutches of a would - be rapist . Well done to Farrah for being a Golden Globe ' Best Actress ' nominee.<br /><br />When her rapist Joe ( terrifically played by James Russo ) comes into her home , which she shares with her two roommates ( who are conveniently out ! ) , Marjorie has to play along with Joe 's frightening demands . It does make for some disturbing and shocking images!<br /><br />When her roommates come home , they are astounded ( to say the least ) by Marjorie 's actions , and a great performance by Alfre Woodard who desperately tries to convince Marjorie to do the right thing and turn him into the police , makes the film even more nail - biting.<br /><br />I do find Diana Scarwid quite irritating , but when Joe finally admits that he came there to kill them all , it makes the film a very emotional piece of drama indeed.<br /><br />Overall , Extremities is a brilliantly thought - out and well - acted movie and I must have watched it hundreds of time by now ! Well done to everybody involved .
1 Riveting drama , scripted by William Mastrosimone based on his stage play , in which Farrah Fawcett plays Marjorie , attacked in her car by rapist Joe ( James Russo ) . She manages to get away but the cops inform her that there is nothing they can do . She realizes , however , that Joe did get her wallet and knows where she lives . When her housemates Pat ( Alfre Woodard ) and Terry ( Diana Scarwid ) are off at work , Joe pays her a visit to finish what he started . After Joe humiliates and degrades her in a variety of ways , she gets a chance to strike back at him and imprisons him . Knowing full well she 's in another " his word against yours " situation and that no rape technically took place , she has no intention of taking it easy on him until he confesses to Pat and Terry what his intentions were.<br /><br />The movie ultimately amounts to a showdown between its two opponents . As it goes on , Marjorie displays such ruthlessness that one has to wonder if she has n't become as unhinged as her nemesis . Fawcett does a creditable enough job , while Russo is truly excellent as the depraved creep who does his best to manipulate the situation . With only two characters on screen for much of the running time , the film has an intimate nature that does suggest that it would work even better on stage . Director Robert M. Young does n't shy away from the uglier and more exploitative elements of the situation ; the film does become uncomfortable to watch at times . And by the time Marjorie has the upper hand , things change enough so that it no longer becomes quite so easy to encourage her to go for blood , and one hopes that Pat can make her see reason.<br /><br />"Extremities " , I felt , was a pretty good movie that at least maintained interest and a fairly high level of intensity . Woodard and Scarwid are both fine in support ( Scarwid has a great moment where Terry reveals herself to be a rape victim ) , and the pace is consistent . Granted , the dialog is n't always very sharp , but the material is compelling every step of the way.<br /><br />8/10
1 So Mary and Rhoda have aged -- who has n't ? I was a teen when Mary premiered , and a " young adult " when it left the air . Yes , it was great to see Mary and Rho together , and yes , maybe the film did n't sustain the comedy of the original series , but there were enough moments that recalled the spirit of the series to make this a fitting tribute . Example : the producer who hires Mary and then dictates the idea for a new series about " old people . " Is n't this typical of the mentality of present - day Hollywood TV and film " bean counters ? " This may not be THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW at its best -- but it 's a pretty damned good look back at one of the best shows we grew up with in the 70s .
1 Mary Tyler Moore and Valerie Harper still can turn the world on with their smiles . The combined talent of these two wonderful stars make this combination reunion / newstart movie work . Watch it and look forward to hitting sixty ! Mary defies the youth oriented society with wit and charm . A touch of drama adds 2000 realism . A TV series follow up would broaden the new characters and give us a chance to occaisionally see Lou Grant , Phyllis , Sue Ann , Murray , and Georgette !
1 This movie pretty much surprised me . I did n't have very high expectations for it but I was wrong . Mary & Rhoda was very funny and well written . They did n't spend too much time rehashing the past so they were n't relying on the success of the old TV show to carry the movie . Overall it was very entertaining.<br /><br />My girlfriend commented that this could be a weekly sit - com and I think I might agree with her .
1 Really , I liked it . The premise was good , the story fit where both respective series left off , and here 's my favorite part . Mary and Valerie are n't bitter ! They are n't like others who become synonymous with a certain series and then refuse to talk about it , or do possible reunions ( A prime example is Susan Dey , " The Partridge Family " ) . In fact , Valerie was saying that she 'd be thrilled to do another movie , and then Mary said the same thing later , so I would be on the look for another ... but if that does n't quite work out , then they can re - run this one .
1 I watched , entranced and mesmerized , by the vocal and physical acting . The roles each character played were done with excellence . The lyrics , the words , every gesture , the sunrise , told it all . The movie spoke to me . It enlightened me to a different perception of a person who believes in mankind . Who believes in peace and gentle behavior . I was also held in disbelieve , by the sacrifices and human dignity was portrayed . Power without grace , is demented and without feelings . To want power at the cost of mankind , is so unbelievable . This movie made me so afraid for the people who are no longer in this world . And , it is with sadness that I think of them . I like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all . May this movie be blessed .
1 In Mexico this movie was aired only in PayTV . Dietrich Bonhoeffer 's life , is a true example about a good German and specially , about a good man . The conversations between Tukur 's character and the Nazi prosecutor are specially interesting . A true ideas ' war : two different Germans , both with faith in there believes . Bonhoeffer was a very complex person : man , freedom fighter , boyfriend , churchman and a great intellectual ; Ulrich Tukur is outstanding as Bonhoeffer . I recommended this film a lot , specially in this difficult times for the planet . In Mexico we do n't know a lot about Pastor Bonhoeffer life and legacy , this is a great work for rescue a forgotten hero .
1 This movie was a fantastic comedy . It had a lot of comedians star in it like Akshay Kumar , Rajpal Yadav , Paresh Raval and John Abraham.<br /><br />Rimi Sen was good at playing Akshay Kumars wife and so were all the air hostesses . Mr Hot as Mac ( Akshay Kumar ) and Mr cool as Sam ( John Abraham ) are two fashion photographers who like the same girl Maggie ( Neha Dupia ) . When John Abraham cheats on his work he becomes Akshay Kumars senior and Akshay Kumar gets really jealous because his flat has to be given to John Abraham and Neha Dupia starts liking John more . Akshay Kumar wants to be better than John Abraham so he finds a flat and he is going out with three different girls ( Nitu Chandra , Nargis Bagheri , Daisy Boppana ) .
1 on the contrary to the person listed above me i felt that this movie was really funny particularly in the scenes were there is a lot of mix up . i do n't want to give the plot and the storyline away to the people that have n't watched it yet but i will say that Paresh Rawal does not have an extensive role such as past Priyadarshan movies , for example , Hera Pheri and Hungama . Paresh Rawal does an amazing part in the little role given to him , John Abraham does equally well , Akshay Kumar has proved that he is no less in this movie like he had from Waqt and almost all his movies after Andaaz . Even though all three heroins in this movie were at a debut they did a pretty good job of acting particularly Nargis who is very good looking and hot . i would say that if you liked Hungama or Hera Pheri this movie is a must watch .
1 One of the more sensible comedies to hit the Hindi film screens . A remake of Priyadarshans 80s Malayalam hit Boeing Boeing , which in turn was a remake of the 60s Hollywoon hit of the same name , Garam Masala elevates the standard of comedies in Hindi Cinema.<br /><br />Akshay Kumar has once again proved his is one of the best super stars of Hindi cinema who can do comedy . He has combined well with the new hunk John Abraham . However John still remains in Akshays shadows and fails to rise to the occasion.<br /><br />The new gals are cute and do complete justice to their roles.<br /><br />A must watch comedy . Leave your brains away and laugh for 2 hrs ! ! ! ! After all laughter is the best medicine ! Ask Priyadarshan and Akshay Kumar ! ! ! ! !
1 Garam Masala is one of the funniest film I 've seen in ages . Akshay Kumar is excellent as the womaniser who has affairs with 3 girls and engaged at the same time . John Abraham is Amusing at times and this is one of his best works so far . Paresh Rawail is superb as usual in most of his films . The director Priyadarshan has delivered great Movies in the past . Hera Pheri , Hungama and Hulchul being some of the Best . Garam Masala is his funniest film he has made . The three newcomer actresses are average . Rimi sen does n't get much scope in this movie . I was impressed to see how Priyadarshan made a movie with a simple storyline of a guy having a affair with 3 girls at the same time . All 3 girls have a day off in the same day and end up in the same house . Packed with loads of Laughs , this is one Non stop Entertainer .
1 Okay this movie fine like I said but you surely need to watch it as its worth a watch . It 's about two boys Mac and Sam who are great friends and work as fashion photographers and the laughing time starts when Mac ( Akshay Kumar ) starts dating with 3 air hostesses at the same time leaving his wife suspicious . Sam attains fortune and almost forgets his friend but not completely . But Mac thinks so and so he starts dating with air hostesses . there 's garam masala at every step of the movie , songs rock but somethings lacking . The comedy 's not up to the mark and deserves an award . Its nice but not all that excellent . Some people laughed till their stomaches ached but it did n't deserve that many laughs . But of course everyone 's opinion is different . So if you wanna watch the movie you 're welcome to do so .
1 Now i really liked this movie , it was so funny . Both Akshay Kumar and John Abraham are brilliant actors , i think after watching this film they should do lots more films together in the future.<br /><br />Akshay Kumar gets himself into a bit of trouble by dating 3 women at the same time , but the way he handles in when one comes out of the door and then the other one was just so funny to watch , he acted really well int his film and i hope that he makes more great comedy 's like this one in the future , John Abraham plays his best friend , he plays his role really well and he is so underrated i am glad that some of his amazing work has got noticed but he is a really Good actor . i just love John , Neha Dhupia has a small role in this film and plays it well.<br /><br />The muse is really good i really recommend this movie to everyone .
1 These are one of the movies that do n't require any brain or thinking , it 's a very funny time pass which you forgot in the next hour or so . I was really surprised with John Abraham 's acting he usually playing the gangster like character with the emotionless face , so from that to playing the complete opposite and does it successfully , by managing to shine amongst the comic geniuses such as Paresh Rawal and Akshaye Kumar . I was also quite surprised with the Akshaye 's 3 girls because there roles do n't require much talent but mostly moaning about Akshaye 's dissapearence(to the other girls ) i was surprised as they managed to establish and actual persona and you could differentiate between them which is a good thing , also majority of songs are good , it is colourful and fun so on a boring Sunday evening this will sure lighten your mood .
1 this move was friggin hilarious ! ! ! funniest I 've seen in a while , akshay and john kick ass as always , and the chicks are hot too . the story is awesome , lots of great jokes , and whoever reviewed this before me is an idiot . to him i say that u are not of Indian background so u would n't understand the humor u moron . do n't rate movies u do n't understand . what did u watch , the subtitle version where majority of jokes are lost in translation ? that s what i thought jackass . < br /><br />akshay kumar is the best actor ever and proves once again his versatility , he can do not only action but comedy as well , and is excellent at it . john has proved himself as well , this is his first comedy role and he was also excellent at it .
1 This would 've been a sure fire classic had they chosen ALMOST ANYBODY ELSE for John Abraham . This guy is an awful actor . Be it comedy , drama , tear - jerkers etc . He stinks . It seemed like at some point Priyadarshan realized this too , and pretty much had him jumping around like a monkey in order to make his solo - scenes a bit funny.<br /><br />He 's the only noticeable drawback(there are a couple more annoying tid - bits ) of an ABSOLUTELY hilarious movie otherwise . Best comedy to come along in Bollywood since Hungama , IMO . Like Hungama , it 's a situational comedy carried on the shoulders of a brilliant screenplay and of course , Akshay Kumar . This is probably his best performance to date . He better be a shoe - in for best comedian at every award function . AK 's always been good at comedy , but he takes it to a different level here . The body language , the facial expressions and just the way he delivers every line . It 's a genius performance . The packed theater was going nuts for pretty much the entire length of the movie and I do n't think I 've ever seen such an atmosphere for a Bollywood movie here in USA.<br /><br />Garam Masala does n't have one " lead " heroine . It stars 3 incredibly HOT+Beautiful girls who I thought did a fairly good job . Pretty sure they are all making their debuts . Paresh Rawal is solid as usual , although his routine wears itself out after a while . Rajpal Yadav is his typical annoying self(sick of his over - the - top act in every movie ) . Rimi Sen has nothing to do.<br /><br />Overall , definitely worth a dekho . I 'd say it 's FUNNIER than No Entry , and that 's saying a lot . Could 've been even better had they chosen someone a little more competent than John Abraham.<br /><br />8/10
1 Who votes in these ratings ? " Jacknife " is a beautifully acted , brilliantly observed piece of work , with actors on top of their game , especially Ed Harris and the peerless Robert DeNiro(please do n't mention Marlon Brando in the same breath of this man - see " Taxi Driver " for confirmation of this point ) . Is it a ' mundane ' movie because it does n't have sex / meaningless action / nudity in it . This movie is about the complexities of the characters involved . Ed Harris makes you feel every moment with him and his emotional outburst towards the end is heartbreaking . The part where he orders a young man in a bar to take off his army clothes is a wonderful observation of how fashion and the movies exploit tragic situations and how frustrated real men must feel to see a young upstart sporting military attire . While we are on this subject , " Casino " 7.8 out of 10 ? One of the greatest films of all time , from one of the greatest directors , starring THE greatest movie actor of all time , with the scariest film psychotic gangster ever , only warrants just above average ? COME ON ! ! ! ! !
1 I cherish each and every frame of this beautiful movie . It is about regular people , people we all know , who suffer a little in their life and have some baggage to carry around . Just like all of us . Robert DeNiro , Ed Harris and Kathy Baker breathe life into their portrayals and are all excellent , but Harris is especially heartbreaking and therefore very real . You would swear he really is a trucker who drinks so he wo n't have to feel anything . Baker as his put - upon sister also has some delicate moments - when DeNiro gives her flowers in one scene , it seems like she was never given flowers before and probably was n't . Very worthwhile .
1 JACKNIFE is a fine adaptation of Stephen Metcalfe 's play ' Strange Snow ' ( the screenplay was also written by Metcalfe ) , sensitively directed by David Hugh Jones , that explores the too frequently forgotten effect of battle on veterans damaged permanently by the heinous cruelties of war . It is especially poignant to return to this 1989 film now as we watch the soldiers returning from the war in Iraq and the raw treatment they are receiving in our Veterans ' Hospitals.<br /><br />Three friends went off to the Vietnam War together and only two returned alive : the problem is that while both men suffered in battle the one David ' Highschool ' Flannigan ( Ed Harris ) is so severely damaged by posttraumatic stress syndrome that he ' exists ' in a drunken vacuum with his very plain schoolteacher sister Martha ( Kathy Baker ) . As David deteriorates his buddy Joseph ' Jacknife ' Megessey ( Robert De Niro ) returns to the town in an attempt to help his friend . In the course of events Jacknife at first offers succor to Martha and eventually the two date - at a Prom Martha must attend - and at that prom drunken David completely falls apart , destroying relics in the school and terrifying the townspeople and students . Jacknife makes Dave relive the moment in Vietnam when they lost their buddy and in doing so brings David to the point where he can begin his climb toward recovery . And the long - suffering Martha finds her needs tended by Jacknife , too.<br /><br />All three actors give astonishingly fine performances : Ed Harris offers one of his most fully realized roles while De Niro and Baker maintain the high standards set by their careers . More people should help resurrect this all but forgotten film as it is a brittle reminder of the damages our wars bring to the men who fight them and to the families who receive them after battle 's end . Highly recommended . Grady Harp
1 after just having watched The Deer Hunter , which is a masterpiece , the movie Jacknife had big shoes to fill.it has same themes as The Deer Hunter , the devastating effects on a person after the Vietnam War . Robert De Niro is in this film , as in The Deer Hunter and is very good here , as is Kathy Baker.but this movie belongs to Ed Harris , who gives a powerful , emotional and impactful performance.the movie is based on a stage play , and there are one or two scenes where that felt obvious to me.by that i just mean that for those one or two scenes it felt like i was watching a stage play.that was not that big a deal , and does n't really diminish the film.i actually really liked this movie.it's not an epic like The Deer Hunter.they are about similar era and have similar themes , but they are two very different films.i thought The Deer Hunter was great , and i also think this movie was great.it's the acting in this one that makes it so great.for me , Jacknife is a 10/10
1 I loved this movie . It is rare to get a glimpse of post - partum Vietnam , and this movie - sans combat scenes and exciting bombs and gunfire- did it . I had no idea I 'd be so affected by it . What an amazing look at how alien Vets feel . It was tough to watch , quite frankly . We all understand the fighting and the Apocalypse Now type of drama , but this is so so different . What happens when they come back and try to live a life ? They ca n't . It made me very aware of a large group of men that are rattling around lost in America . Not able to relate , ca n't sleep , ca n't have love affairs , ca n't deal with " normal society " . They feel totally apart . This is a huge tragedy , and one that is n't addressed enough . Yeah , we 've changed our attitude about Vietnam Vets , we like them now , but so what ? It does n't seem to have made any difference to them . It 's too late ? So it was a great film , but I cried a lot . I have no other criticisms .
1 Jacknife is a masterpiece of the 80 's . It 's a movie that breaths through amazing acting and a very interesting directing touch . In Jacknife both lovers of European and American cinema can find things to relate on . The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters . Ed Harris is giving one of the greatest performances up to date . He portrays his alcoholic hero superbly making us feel his broken heart in each line , in each move . Robert De Niro makes us once again think of him as one of the greatest actors of all time in one of the simplest but also most realistic performances in his career . Jacknife is never getting boring as it shows its heroes clear of any typical Hollywood 's typical character elements . After the war none is a hero . Everybody is a loser , and this movie is about that simple truth . None can mend up his pieces after a war , just like the heroes of this movie . Jacknife is about the diseases of the soul that war creates . Simply magnificent movie .
1 Jacknife is a war movie that is just about as far removed from the war as war movies get . It can hardly be classified as a war film , because the only way that any war has an effect on the story or the characters is in their memories of it , and even these we are hardly ever shown . It poses very interesting questions about life , especially in the way that the movie 's tagline says that only one of them is really alive ( and by the way , even though the tagline refers only to Dave ( Ed Harris ) and Megs ( Robert DeNiro ) , it is talking about all three of the characters in the film ) . Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam war , and Megs has returned to take Dave out on a fishing trip that they have been planning for a lot longer than you might have guessed . < br /><br />DeNiro provides a perfect performance of the character of Megs , who we are not really sure if we should like or if he really is as nuts as Martha thinks he is . Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend , just someone he knows . There is a great scene early in the film where Megs has gone out to grab a six pack of beer from his car for breakfast , and he is just around the corner of the room when Dave says this . Megs pauses for a moment and then proceeds into the room with a smile and a huge greeting . It is n't until later that you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard that , having been the one to remember what they had planned to do on this day . It reminds me of the fakeness of the old , ` Sure , let 's do that , ' thing that people so often say to each other , never having any plans to do any such thing.<br /><br />Ed Harris delivers a wonderful performance as Dave , who never got over the effects that the war had on him . Even so many years later he has not managed to get over the death of a friend during the war , blaming himself to this day for it and thus drowning his life in alcohol , cigarettes , and loneliness . All he wants , he says , is for people to leave him alone . This is not a man who is living his life the way he wants , whether people actually leave him alone or not , he is a man trying to forget that he 's alive , to detach himself from the world of the living as much as possible.<br /><br />His sister Martha reminds me of myself , at least in terms of my roommates . I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old , and both act like they still live with their mothers , expecting their messes to just go away when they leave the room for a while . One on particular ( the older one , sadly enough ) , has absolutely no clue how to care for himself , I 'm surprised I do n't have to wipe his chin while he eats . Martha has to do much the same for her brother , who she waits on hand and foot while he staggers through life from one hangover to the next . Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and neither of them can get out of it until something major changes , and Dave is the one that needs to do the changing . < br /><br />I tend to complain about romance in movies where it just does n't belong about as much as Roger Ebert complains about those pathetic little tension devices , the red digital readout . But in this case , I do n't think that the romance that develops between Megs and Martha had any adverse affect on the rest of the movie . On the contrary , it made it that much more interesting , because it was not predictable . The problem with the romantic subplots in Bruckheimer movies and whatnot is that they are so predictable that you just wait for the obvious end to come and hope that something interesting happens along the way . In this case , however , it 's not as obvious that something is going to happen between Megs and Martha because we do n't know enough about Megs . Martha could be right about him , that he 's one of Dave 's crazy war buddies and that he 's not the kind of man that she should be dating . Dave certainly encourages this idea.<br /><br />(spoilers ) A couple years after this movie , DeNiro did Cape Fear , where he plays a deranged criminal out for revenge against the lawyer that landed him in prison , a character that , in retrospect , makes it pretty easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha realizes her mistake , gets rid of Megs , and she and Dave make up because he saved her from a horrible relationship and then he decides to clean up his act because he has done something good for her . I was half expecting this to happen , so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs wound up together and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asks Dave all the questions about what they had planned to do after the war was over . < br /><br />At times this is a slow moving drama , but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and has a huge payoff at the end , which amazingly manages to be sappy without being cheesy . There is an almost excess of emotion at the end of the film that scarcely fits with the rest of the movie , but it is so good that it does n't dumb down anything that the movie has accomplished up to that point . Everyone involved gives a wonderful performance , and it is one of those rare films that just about makes you want to stand up and shake your fists victoriously in the air .
1 Saw this on cable back in the early 90 's and loved it . Never saw it again until it showed up on cable again recently . Still find it a great Vietnam movie . Not sure why its not higher rated . I found everything about this film compelling . As a vet ( not from Vietnam ) I can relate to the situations brought by both Harris and De Niro . I can only imagine this film being more poignant now with our situation in Iraq . I wish this would be offered on cable more often for people to see . The human toll on our soldiers is n't left on the battlefield . Its brought home for the rest of there lives . And this film is one of many that brings that home in a very hard way . Excellent film .
1 I did not like the pretentious and overrated Apocalypse Now . Probably my favorite Vietnam War film is The Deer Hunter . The Deer Hunter focused on one part of the war , and then focused on the lives before the war . This movie is essentially Deer Hunter 2 . The script is too loose compared to the Deer Hunter . The story is never developed to the point that the audience can truly understand and feel for the characters like the Deerhunter did . The Vietnam flashbacks are not as gripping or involved as the ones in the Deerhunter . This is why I can only give this movie 7 out of 10.<br /><br />However , I think that the acting was outstanding . DeNiro and Harris are truly amazing actors . They totally immersed themselves in their characters and expressed the great anguish of two former friends who lost their best friend Bobby in combat . Harris ' character is a half - dead alcoholic , who hides the guilt that he has in Bobby losing his life trying to save his.<br /><br />I also like the supporting cast . Everyone in the town is part of the movie . The town obviously ca n't handle Vietnam vets very well . Like many small towns , it is all about being quiet , humble , and minding one 's business . Harris ' character , however , ca n't be any of these things . It is interesting how wars effect people . Some people rebound quickly , while others never really recover .
1 Even 15 years after the end of the Vietnam war " Jacknife " came not too late or was even superfluous . It 's one of the few that try to deal with the second sad side of the war : The time after . Different from movies like " Taxi driver " or " Rambo " which use to present their main characters as broken heroes in a bad after war environment this movie allows the audience to face a different view on the Vietnam vets . Their development is shown very precisely before and especially after the war . The problems are obvious but in all this tragic there is always the feeling of some hope on the basis of love and friendship . " Jacknife " might be the quietest Vietnam movie ever but after almost 15 years this is really plausible and therefor justified . Moreover , it can make us believe that the war has not finished , yet ; at least for some of us.<br /><br />The three main characters are amazing . De Niro has done one of his best jobs but Ed Harris is the star of this movie . Possibly , this was his best performance ever .
1 There is n't a whole lot going on in this story -- just two men employing very different ways of handling memories of Vietnam . But what it lacks in premise , it more than makes up for in acting and realism . It 's a quiet film about the bonds of friendship and shared experience . We even get romance ( not gratuitous -- just another very real piece of this story ) . It 's well worth seeing .
1 Overall , I agree wholly with Ebert 's review . In a sense , I feel that I should not even be commenting since it is so much a vet 's movie and I am not a vet ( I was a resister ) . The flaw is that Martha is badly underdeveloped and does not act consistently . My guess is that Stephen Metcalfe is a vet himself and spent too little planning time on her character .
1 An enjoyable game , which offers fun and easy game play and fair replay ability . Staying true to the comic and providing a low learning curve gives this game something not seen in most action cartridges today . Also , the narration and animated scenes used ( though lengthy animations are replaced by slide shows on the Nintendo 64 version ) use full advantage of the platforms ' capabilities .
1 This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics . Of all the Marvel superhero games that have been so lame with weak graphics and gameplay , Spiderman improves in both departments . It also features the voice of Stan Lee , the creator of Spiderman comics.<br /><br />As you 'd expect Spiderman does whatever a spider can . He does more than spin webs . In fact , he uses them as weapons and shields . When he 's not using web in combat , he punches and kicks as well . Spidey has his hands full as he battles Venom , Rhino , Mysterio , Scorpion , and Dr. Octopus to name a few . Look for Captain America in a cameo.<br /><br />Most of the levels are challenging , but some of them require patience to beat . The only complaint about this game is that it 's so short and can be completed in less than three hours . If you 're a real Marvel superhero fan , this game is for you but do n't expect long gameplay . Better luck in " Spiderman 2 . " My evaluation : 9 out of 10 .
1 Spider - Man is in my opinion the best superhero ever , and this game is the best superhero game ever . While it may be somewhat easy , you have to play it several times to get all the costumes and comic book covers , which makes up for how easy it is to get through the game . It may seem hard to control at first , but once you get the hang of it , you will be web - slinging like Spider - Man himself.<br /><br />The bosses , while like the levels are somewhat easy , are fun . The first boss , Scorpion , is incredibly easy to beat , which should n't be so because as fans of the comic books know , Scorpion is one of Spider - Man 's most deadly villains . The second boss , Rhino , is also very easy . The 3rd boss is Venom , who is in my opinion the easiest boss in the game , which definately should n't be . The 4th boss is Venom again . This time , he is a little bit more difficult to beat but still easy . The 5th boss is Mysterio , who I think is the funnest boss to battle in the game . He is also one of the harder bosses , but once again , still fairly easy . Next boss is Carnage , who is , you guessed it , easy to beat . But Carnage is actually kind of fun to fight . 7th boss is Doctor Octopus , who is like all the other bosses easy , but not as easy as the other ones because he has a shield . The 8th and final boss is exclusive to the game , never in a comic book or cartoon . I wo n't spoil it for you for those of you who have n't played the game , but the boss is the only boss in the game that is n't too easy . Took me 4 or 5 tries to beat while the others I beat on the first or second tries.<br /><br />All in all , a very good game . I gave it an 8 out of 10 . The reasons why I did n't give it a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and comic book covers it gets kind of boring ( getting all that stuff will take a while though ) , it is not very accurate according to the comic books or cartoon show , the bosses are too easy , and they should have used Hobgoblin and/or Green Goblin as a boss , I think it would be fun to battle someone flying around in the air ! They did n't use them in the sequel to this game either ! Well the Green Goblin is the villain in the upcoming Spider - Man movie , so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie .
1 Summary- This game is the best Spider - Man to hit the market!You fight old foes such as Scorpion , Rhino , Venom , Doctor Octopus , Carnage, ... And exclusive to the game ... Monster - Ock!Monster - Ock is the symbiote Carnage On Dock Ock 's body.<br /><br />Storyline- Dock Ock was supposedly reformed and using his inventions for mankind ... supposedly ... He was really planing a symbiote invasion ! See the rest for yourself.<br /><br />Features- You can play in numerous old costumes seen throughout the comics . Almost every costume has special abilities!You can collect comics in the game and then view them in a comic viewer . And last but not least .............. Spidey - Armour!Collect a gold spider symbol to change into Spider - Armour . It gives you another health bar!<br /><br />Graphics- Great!Though they they can be rough at times . But still great!<br /><br />Sound- Sweet!Nice music on every level and great voice overs!<br /><br />Overall- 10 out of 10.This game rocks . Buy it today !
1 Rated E(Contains Violence).<br /><br />I had the original spiderman game for the PC for a couple of years now . I still have not beaten it because on Windows XP there is a glitch on one level which I ca nt beat because of it . So be warned if you have XP.But for those who do n't have XP give this game a try . Its a fun clean family game with action and its great for any spiderman fan . In the game you play spiderman and you take on various criminals who commit crimes . Spiderman is a fun little game and I recommend it to any spiderman fan or a parent wanting a fun , clean game for their kids.<br /><br />8/10
1 If you played " Spider - Man " on the PS version , then you 've seen it all . To truly experience it you should get the DC version . Simply put it 's a much graphically superior game ; the textures are sharp , levels are easy to navigate , and it has much better sound then it 's PS cousin . I bought this game back in late ' 00s and it still holds up even till this day . Well , Marvel : Ultimate Alliance is a much superior and strategic game but if you 're a fan of ' ol Web Head then you owe it yourself to pick this up for your gaming library . Swinging around the city as Spidey has never looked this good and dead - on in a video game . If you have a Dreamcast , snag this up for cheap . The DC version is simply incredible .
1 This game is fun and it has a plot that you could actually expect to see in the comics . Spider - man has been framed by a mysterious impostor . The city is being overrun by a strange gas , and symbiotes like those of Venom and Carnage are appearing all over the city . Who is behind these crimes ? Could it be Doc Ock ? Well he seems to have turned over a new leaf . Venom also does not seem to be involved as he is just ticked off that Spider - man has apparently cost him a rather good photo opportunity . Well cameos from other heroes and lots of villains later Spidey will unravel the mystery . The fighting is basic , not to hard to pick up , the fights with the bosses are rather fun . You get to collect comics , you run out of web and it is somewhat fun traversing the city . However , that is also a weak point . The swinging is not all that great as all you do is hover through the city as Spider - man seemingly attachés his webs to the sky . You also do not have much maneuverability web - slinging either especially compared to a say Spider - man 2 movie video game . Still , it makes up for the rather bad swinging with the other elements especially the story . So be prepared to see Scorpion , Rhino , Venom , Mysterio , Doctor Octopus , and Carnage for one wild action packed ride .
1 I really liked this Summerslam due to the look of the arena , the curtains and just the look overall was interesting to me for some reason . Anyways , this could have been one of the best Summerslam 's ever if the WWF did n't have Lex Luger in the main event against Yokozuna , now for it 's time it was ok to have a huge fat man vs a strong man but I 'm glad times have changed . It was a terrible main event just like every match Luger is in is terrible . Other matches on the card were Razor Ramon vs Ted Dibiase , Steiner Brothers vs Heavenly Bodies , Shawn Michaels vs Curt Hening , this was the event where Shawn named his big monster of a body guard Diesel , IRS vs 1 - 2 - 3 Kid , Bret Hart first takes on Doink then takes on Jerry Lawler and stuff with the Harts and Lawler was always very interesting , then Ludvig Borga destroyed Marty Jannetty , Undertaker took on Giant Gonzalez in another terrible match , The Smoking Gunns and Tatanka took on Bam Bam Bigelow and the Headshrinkers , and Yokozuna defended the world title against Lex Luger this match was boring and it has a terrible ending . However it deserves 8/10
1 This was the first PPV in a new era for the WWE as Hulk Hogan , The Ultimate Warrior , Ric Flair and Sherri Martel had all left . A new crop of talent needed to be pushed . And this all started with Lex Luger , a former NWA World Heavyweight Champion being given a title shot against Yokozuna . Lex travelled all over the US in a bus called the Lex Express to inspire Americans into rallying behind him in his bid to beat the Japanese monster ( who was actually Samoan ) and get the WWE Championship back into American hands . As such there was much anticipation for this match.<br /><br />But every good PPV needs an undercard and this had some good stuff.<br /><br />The night started off with Razor Ramon defeating Ted DiBiase in a good match . The story going into this was that DiBiase had picked on Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after his shock loss to the 1 - 2 - 3 Kid on RAW in July . Ramon , angry , had then teamed with the 1 - 2 - 3 Kid against the Money Inc tag team of Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster . To settle their differences they were both given one on one matches DiBiase vs Ramon and Shyster vs The Kid . Razor was able to settle his side of the deal after hitting a Razor 's Edge.<br /><br />Next up came the Steiner Brothers putting the WWE Tag Team Titles on the line against The Heavenly Bodies . Depsite the interference of " The Bodies " Manager Jim Cornette , who hit Scott Steiner in the throat with a tennis racket , they were able to pull out the win in a decent match.<br /><br />Shawn Michaels and Mr Perfect had been feuding since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michaels confronted Perfect after his loss to Lex Luger . Perfect had then cost Michaels the Intercontinental Championship when he distracted him in a title match against Marty Janetty . Michaels had won the title back and was putting it on the line against Mr Perfect , but Michaels now had a powerful ally in his corner in his 7 foot bodyguard Diesel . Micheals and Perfect had an excellent match here , but it was Diesel who proved the difference maker , pulling Perfect out of the ring and throwing him into the steel steps for Shawn to win by count out.<br /><br />Irwin R Shyster avenged the loss of his tag team partner earlier in the night , easily accounting for the 1 - 2 - 3 Kid.<br /><br />Next came one of the big matches of the night as Bret Hart prepared to battle Jerry Lawler for the title of undisputed King of the WWE . But Lawler came out with crutches , saying he 'd been injured in a car accident earlier that day and that he 'd arranged another opponent for Hart : Doink the Clown . Hart and Doink had a passable match which Hart won with a sharpshooter . He was then jumped from behind by Lawler . This bought WWE President Jack Tunney to the ring who told Lawler that he would receive a lifetime ban if he did n't wrestle Hart . Hart then destroyed Lawler , winning with the sharpshooter , but Hart refused to let go of the hold and the referee reversed his decision . So after all that Lawler was named the undisputed King of the WWE . This match was followed by Ludvig Borda destroying Marty Janetty in a short match.<br /><br />The Undertaker finished his long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman , which had started in 1992 when the Undertaker had defeated Wippleman 's client Kamala at Summerslam and continued when Wippleman 's latest monster The Giant Gonzales had destroyed Taker at the Rumble and then again at Wrestlemania , with a decisive victory over Gonzales here . Gonzales then turned on Wippleman , chokeslamming him after a poor match.<br /><br />Next it was time for six man tag action as the Smoking Gunns ( Bart and BIlly ) and Tatanka defeated The Headshrinkers ( Samu and Fatu ) and Bam Bam Bigelow with Tatanka pinning Samu.<br /><br />This brings us to the main event with Yokozuna , flanked by Jim Cornette and Mr Fuji , putting the WWE Title on the line against Lex Luger and it was all on board the Lex Express . Lex came out attacking , but Yokozuna took control . Lex came back though as he was able to avoid a banzai drop and then body slam Yokozuna before knocking him out of the ring . Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji as Yokozuna was counted out . Luger had won a fine match ! ! ! ! ! Balloons fell from the ceiling . The heroes all came out to congratulate him on his win . Yokozuna may have retained the title , but Luger had proved he could be beaten . The only question was , who could beat him in the ring and get that title off him ?
1 * SPOILERS*<br /><br />This is only the second pay - per - view I 've given a perfect 10 , the first being the 1991 Royal Rumble . It was full of exciting matches that were n't memorable , just disposable fun . And that 's why I love it.<br /><br />The opening match between Razor and DiBiase , as well as Ludvig Borga vs. Marty Jannetty were the only low points . They were OK matches , but DiBiase deserved better in his final pay per view match . These days , a match like this would have run - ins and a bigger climax for Razor 's first major babyface push . And Jannetty , fresh off a Intercontinental title run , could have had a better match with Borga . But I do n't think anyone really cared . They just needed a Borga push on pay per view television.<br /><br />IRS and The Kid were great , as were Michaels and Perfect . I wish Perfect could have won , but Michaels lies down for no one . Notice how right after this , he left the WWF so he would n't have to job to Razor . Bret Hart had two great brawls with Doink ( notice how everyone 's best match is against the Hit - man ) and then Lawler . Their rivalry was a classic ; that 's why that year 's Feud of the Year was a no - brainer . How often do you see two legends win Feud of the Year this late in their careers?<br /><br />The Steiners - Heavenly Bodies match was one of the best of the year . Who knew the Bodies could hold their own against one of the best teams ever?<br /><br />Many say that the Undertaker - Giant Gonzalez match was a waste of time . But I loved it . Remember , what made the old WWF ( as in , pre - WWE ) great was the mix of athleticism and freak show . Is there a soul out there who did n't like Akeem?<br /><br />The main event was n't bad , although nowhere near match of the year status . They put Lex Luger over well , but made a wise choice in having Yokozuna keep the belt . He was the first heel since Superstar Graham to hold the belt for more than two months . Nowadays , heels are champions all the time . But from the beginning of the WWWF through the WWF of the 90s , if you blinked , you missed a heel title reign.<br /><br />As an old school wrestling fan , this one and SummerSlam ' 88 are my favorites .
1 It has been 16 years since it 's original run , I would have hoped by now some " marketing wizard " would have promoted a live actor version of this classic by now , or at least sought to re - release the original 65 episodes . I ca n't fathom why the sci - fi or cartoon network have n't snapped this up . Galaxy Rangers actually had well thought out plots , and even better scripts . The animation was above average quality for it 's time , and excellent when compared to the talking slide show Japanese animation of today . It predated the heavy toon - toy tie in market , this may have sealed it 's doom too . I would willingly spend cash on a DVD of GR if available .
1 Damn straight ..... this show was kick ass back in the day and still continues to outshine cartoons today . I ca n't wait to track down some of the DVD 's to share with my little guy and see the same sparkle in his eyes . I 've already introduced him to Voltron ( the 5 lions one , not the 15 vehicles one)and I laughed my head off when he said to me one day " Dad .. you sure watched some awesome cartoons when you were a kid ! ! " How cool is that.<br /><br />Come on Hollywood , dust this one off and give it a live action attempt . Could n't be any worse than Spiderman 3 was ... Man oh man ... 2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.<br /><br />OK , I 'll shuddup now < br /><br />Cheers
1 And I gave it a high 7 ..... <br /><br />Why ? Because it bloody well rocked . At the time when there were so many OTHER shows on that were tied to toys / games this show was unique in that it had overlapping stories . As others have said here it was ahead of its time . < br /><br />Sadly this is why the show was doomed . They have released 4 DVDs with 16 episodes of the series so far . I am hoping that more come out . < br /><br />How does this compare watching it now 20 years after it first came out .. I do n't know I still like it despite the sometimes clunky animation , and that IMHO is it 's only flaw . The writing was almost top notch and way ahead of the competition ........ < br /><br />I do hope for more DVDs or even a set of all the episodes in proper order ... The DVDs are good but I do n't think the stories are in their proper order , but despite this the show rocked .
1 Though this series only ran a season , it has stayed with me for 20 years . It was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever . I would give nearly anything to have it on DVD or whatever format I can get . If you find any means of seeing this series I suggest you take full advantage . This series was the first one ( in my opinion ) that had a truly coherent storyline that spanned across multiple episodes . It also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them . Heck the character Goose actually scared me sometimes . He was just that odd at the time . Also the leader of the group reminds me a lot of a combination of Clint Eastwood / Tommy Lee Jones . If anyone has any way of contacting the creator / holder of the rights to the series and can get them put out on DVD please by all means do so ! ! !
1 It was on at 7:30am , too close to school to see very often . The animation & computer graphics were spectacular for the time . The idea of cowboys & ordinary people casually throwing around space vehicles & robots was amazing . Maybe it inspired Treasure Planet.<br /><br />Unfortunately , it 's really boring in the DVD format . The shows are all basically identical . When viewing non - sequential episodes on a DVD , you 're stoned by disk # 3 . By today 's standards , the animation is spotty . We do n't notice the computer graphics anymore and focus on how corny the characters are instead.<br /><br />The bright spots are the heroine characters . They were a lot more believable , took themselves more seriously than modern heroines , and were n't corny . They actually saved men .
1 I enjoyed this film far more than anything had led me to anticipate ; from reading other comments here , I suspect it benefits enormously from being seen on a full - size screen in the cinema , in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience . I was lucky enough to have that experience , borne up on ripples of laughter from all around , and had an immensely good time with this undemanding comedy.<br /><br />For it is as a comedy that it shines , if it shines anywhere at all . The music is nothing special -- in fact , I had n't realised it * was * a musical , and was very surprised when the assembled ancestors burst into half - spoken lyric -- but I do have to admit that the half - threat , half - promise of ' Oh , what I 'll do ... ' has proved far more catchy than it ever seemed at the time , as it 's still going round and round in my head!<br /><br />The plot , such as it is , largely pivots around the past history of the eponymous Francesca , a sixteenth - century portrait sporting a distinctly anachronistic hairstyle and fur - coat . Her idea on the sanctity of marriage do n't quite jibe with those of her distant descendant , the Countess Angelina , and one can almost hear the storyline creaking at the seams under the strain of the Production Code in order to ensure that the heroine arrives unsullied in her much - delayed marriage - bed with the right man ... <br /><br />The romance is scarcely earth - shattering , and in fact the first few scenes , played pretty well straight , verge on the tedious . But where script and film really come to life is in the battle of the sexes that follows . The impudence of Douglas Fairbanks Jr 's courtship of Betty Grable 's married Angelina is equalled only by Betty - Grable - as - Francesca 's pursuit of him in turn , culminating in complete role - reversal in the hilarious fantasy sequence where she -- literally -- sweeps him off his feet . This is probably the comic climax of the plot , although the consequences of the Colonel 's understandable confusion are worked out with a deft touch in the remaining two ' acts ' of the operetta - structure , and the spectacle of Fairbanks ' blissful , bemused awakening is more or less worth the price of admission on its own.<br /><br />Grable is entirely convincing in establishing her two contrasting characters , wisely gets almost all the ( limited ) singing opportunities , and shares the honours where the swathes of quotable dialogue in the various verbal duels are concerned . But in the field of unspoken reaction she is really outclassed by her male supporting leads ; Fairbanks in particular is an absolute treat in a number of wordless sequences whose set - up and humour is worthy of the silent screen.<br /><br />This film is too uneven in style to be a classic , varying from sparkling repartee to hackneyed tedium . But at its best it is quite honestly very funny indeed , and brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter across the auditorium at the end as the lights went up . Out of tune with its times , it may have failed to draw contemporary audiences -- but , on this showing , really did n't deserve to be disowned by both Grable and Preminger , the ( uncredited ) director . This is no masterpiece , but a thoroughly entertaining minor work , and I for one found myself grinning in remembrance all the way home .
1 In 1948 this was my all - time favorite movie . Betty Grable 's costumes were so ravishing that I wanted to grow up to be her and dress like that . Douglas Fairbanks , Jr. , was irresistible as the dashing Hungarian officer . Silly and fluffy as this movie might appear at first , when I was eight years old it seemed to me to say something important about relations between men and women . I saw it again the other day ; I was surprised to find that it still did .
1 Lubitsch 's last production but not his least interesting film . Somehow largely ignored by critics as he could n't finish it himself and as the movie was n't co - signed by Preminger who he did most of the staging ... A very strange mix of musical ( a remembrance of The Merry Widow ? ) and classic Lubitsch touch sentimentalism ( an impossible love - story like Cluny Brown)yet a very clever and intelligent one yet not to be understood as some nostalgia of some lost world but rather a testament on eternal feelings prevailing on the foolishness of mankind and especially men in times of war with a " moral " lesson still true today as it was in 1948 . Billy wilder as an answer to Preminger who grieved at Lubitsch 's funerals about having lost a great man replied that we still had his films and that sums it all up about that Lady in Ermine ...
1 Can I be as simple and primitive in my evaluations as to simply say " I liked it " ? It 's reasonably funny by bits , it got great stars and it 's gorgeous to look at . The songs ( there are about two which are then repeated ) are forgettable , but they get a healthy ironic treatment ( such as the terribly handsome Mr Fairbanks exploding into frenzied Wagnerian version of the tender ballad Miss Grable has just rendered ) ; there is n't much dancing with all the 1861 crinolines draped around Miss Grable , and the comedy might be a bit heavy handed , but the result still is very uplifting . The photography ( including real outdoor shots which are a thrill ) is amazing , playing around with different shades of lush heavy gold . Miss Grable is a bit past her prime and on the plumpish side , but still fresh and comfortable in this continental " olde worlde " comedy . It 's pretty much along the line of " Down to Earth " with Rita Hayworth , and that one tends to be rather disliked by many . So I suppose several people would deem " That Lady in Ermine " to be outdated and stuffy . But it 's a fairy tale , and these tend to move along at a certain paste anyhow . My suggestion is - just enjoy the artwork , the costumes , the witty script and everything else this film has to offer , and stop complaining . The film has been released on DVD in Germany , with both German and English soundtrack .
1 The story of peace - loving farmers and townspeople fighting for land , water , law and order , and the respect and ultimate subjugation of the long entrenched cattle interests and their hired guns had been worked over better in earlier ( Shane ) and probably later films as well . There 's some good action scenes and the general layout of the story , excluding a disappointing ending , is well executed . Law and order and religion have established roots in the town , but the old order of cattle drives , cowboys , and gunslingers is still around as well . The clash of the two occurs in a nicely staged ambush scene where the townsmen ride right into a trap . Granger , an ex - gunfighter , plays the guy who is shunned by the very townspeople who need his expertise with a gun .
1 While the premise of the film is pretty lame ( Ollie is diagnosed with " hornophobia " ) , the film is an amiable and enjoyable little flick . It 's also a darn bit better than the films they went on to make after this one -- probably since this was the last Hal Roach - produced Laurel and Hardy film . In fact , it would n't be a bad idea not to see ANY of their latter films , as the entire chemistry is lost in these films and the boys play their parts purely for pathos -- something true Laurel and Hardy films NEVER would do . They had a bit of an edge that all the later films lack.<br /><br />Stan and Ollie work at a horn factory . This sounds pretty funny , but it is n't . Not surprisingly with all the racket , Ollie is about to have a nervous breakdown and must take some time off work . The doctor ( James Finlayson -- in his last film with the team ) recommends an ocean voyage . However , they do n't like sailing and Stan has an idea of just renting a boat tied to the dock -- then they can get all the sea air they want without all the bother ! Once they are on the boat , a dangerous escaped criminal boards the boat and they all accidentally set out to sea . Fortunately , this portion of the film actually was well - paced and the very end worked out very well.<br /><br />While not a great full - length Laurel and Hardy film , it was much better than many of them since it had no annoying and distracting musical numbers ( like in THE DEVIL 'S BROTHER or BABES IN TOYLAND ) . Additionally , there is still a decent amount of physical comedy -- something you would see almost none of after this film . Part of this was due to the boys ' declining health ( and Ollie 's increasing girth ) and part of it was due to the overall insipidness of these later films .
1 The last ( I believe ) of the movies The Boys made with Hal Roach , this is also the last truly funny film they made , before going to 20th century fox , which so famously misued their talents . Although there are weak moments - the business with the " lung tester " , for instance , is a bit , ah ... overblown ( but worth having , just to see " Dr. " Jimmy Finlayson ) - but on the whole this flick is a good summary of what the boys brought to the screen . Richard Cramer ( uncredited ) appeared in other L&H flicks , and he is delightfully threatening here as the convict Nick Granger . The scene where The Boys have to eat their own synthetic meal ( " Looks good , smells good , and it probably tastes good . Eat it . " ) is one of my favorite moments in the oeuvre . Stan & Ollie will always be pleasant companions in the lives of their millions of devoted fans .
1 It follows BLOCK - HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD , two films that are hard to top . Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad film - it is the last good comedy ( unless one insists on JITTERBUGS or another of the later films ) that Laurel & Hardy made . It 's just that it is a toss - off little film , without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK - HEADS or the astounding sight of Stan 's " real " personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD to revel in . At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two films a bit , but that actually is not a bad point for it . It has just enough time to it to hit the right notes . It 's just not as special as the other two.<br /><br />Stan and Ollie work in a factory that manufactures horns . I suspect that there was a bit of Chaplin influence in this sequence ( one recalls a similar assembly - line incident in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier ) . Ollie 's nerves finally snap , and he goes on a rampage . He goes home and ( naturally ) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument ( you 've got it - a trombone ) . After beating up the poor professor , Ollie has problems with the incompetent janitor / engineer ( Ben Turpin in a nice brief appearance ) , and then faces his doctor ( Jimmy Finleyson ) and his nerve tester ( a balloon that inflates as you push air out of Ollie 's stomach ) . Finleyson announces that it is a bad case of " horniphobia " , and Ollie needs a vacation with plenty of quiet and goat 's milk . They end up going to a ship but Ollie and Stan know nothing about seamanship - so they plan to sleep on the ship . Unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship sails off . Also unfortunately , on board is Richard Cramer , an escaped dangerous criminal . This is not going to be a peaceful vacation.<br /><br />SAPS AT SEA ( like A CHUMP ) could have been three shorts , one at the factory , one at the apartment , and one on the boat . Each would have been a successful short , and they all make a funny film - but the stitching of the parts together shows . There are some very amusing moments in the film - the discoveries of how Turpin 's ineptitude causes various mishaps with water taps and stoves in the apartment ; the accidental remarks of building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie runs by him and asks for directions ( " Can you help me find the basement ? " asks Stan - " Certainly , you ca n't miss it - it 's downstairs ! " , says Hall , who realizes what a stupid comment he just made ) ; and Cramer 's mistreatment of his two hostage slaves . He calls Ollie " Dizzy " and Stan " Daffy " ( an allusion to the Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal teams of the 1930s - see Dan Dailey 's THE PRIDE OF ST . LOUIS ) . Cramer has the boys cook him up some food - and they make a synthetic meal ( boot laces for spaghetti , for instance ) to get him sick to be overpowered . When he realizes what they have done , he forces them to eat the meal themselves . Their reactions are brilliant.<br /><br />SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the top line of Laurel & Hardy films , but it is a good film on the whole , and a good conclusion to the best years of their film career ( 1927 - 1940 ) when they were with Hal Roach . In the immediate couple of years before it appeared the boys and Roach had serious problems involving production costs ( OUR RELATIONS , where Stan was producer on the film ) , artistic problems ( scenes from SWISS MISS were cut meaninglessly ) , and contractual arguments ( leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA ) . Stan and Ollie hit back with THE FLYING DEUCES , wherein the production was not Roach 's but Boris Morros ' . At last a two picture deal of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and problems - and on a high note the boys left Roach . Unfortunately they never found any subsequent film relationship with a producer as satisfactory as this had been .
1 With Oliver Hardy bedeviled by the sound of horns , bells , phones and trombones , his doctor Finlayson advises peace and quiet and a diet of goat milk . Partner Stan Laurel comes up with a great solution , living on a docked boat so the salt sea air can help Ollie get all the rest he needs . It 's a great premise for all the mad cap hijinks to ensue , as the boat is set adrift by the hungry goat , and an escaped convict ( Richard Cramer ) stows along for the ride.<br /><br />I got a kick out of all the gags in the film , starting with that sign in the horn testing factory - ' Silence While Men Are Working ' . The early story at the boys ' apartment features a number of mixed up plumbing and appliance mishaps , with Stan doing a banana within a banana bit . Laurel has a couple of great lines in the picture , like " We must have been dis - unconnected " , but the one that had me rolling was his response to the criminal on board ship - " Self preservation is the last law of averages " - precisely!<br /><br />I'm not as great a student of Laurel and Hardy 's films as many on this board , all I know is I enjoyed them as a kid and find them to be as entertaining today as they were back in my youth . On that count , " Saps At Sea " provides a decent hour of hornophobic fun , well on it 's way to hornomania .
1 Yes , as the other reviewers have already stated , this may not be vintage L&H but it 's far from being their worst work as at 20th Century Stupid ... I mean Fox . This film certainly has all of the basic ingredients for things to go wrong for the boys . But it 's their serious approach and determination that makes them funny . They do n't play it for laughs as other comedians might but they take their work and situation quite seriously and that is the essence of their eternal humor . In this film , they are faced with some basic issues that really might be encountered by any one of us today , namely job related stress . First , we would get checked out by a doctor and he would prescribe some much needed rest and perhaps staying by the sea . That 's where the surrealness comes in to all of this . L&H always take a most plausible set of circumstances and exaggerate it but never to the point of being incredible , except maybe once in awhile . This makes us laugh because we can relate to their self caused predicaments and attempts at extrication . That 's what makes Stan and Ollie universal in their appeal . In this film all those ingredients are presented in a delightfully artful and gracefully slapstick way . Not their best in comparison to their earlier work probably because this was the actual last film they did for Roach because he wanted to mirror the " big " studios and go into making features exclusively and also wanted to hurry up and finish their contractual obligation . BIG MISTAKE ! They should have all stayed together and continued for maybe five more years . What the world may have missed in their not considering this as an option . Watch , laugh , and enjoy this as their last great performance .
1 Stan & Ollie become SAPS AT SEA when their wayward little boat is commandeered by a vicious murderer.<br /><br />The Boys are wonderful in this feature , which starts out with one of their most hilarious set pieces , the horn factory . Always a few steps out of sync with the rest of Creation , Laurel & Hardy inhabit a world where icy radios & bedded billy goats are the rule , not the exception . With its brief length , the film is more in style with their classic short subjects , which explains its episodic nature.<br /><br />Only the Boys get screen credit , but movie mavens will recognize other familiar faces : James Finlayson appears as a loony doctor , Richard Cramer does full justice to his bad guy role , sweet Mary Gordon plays the Boys ' perplexed neighbor . That 's Charlie Hall as the apartment house desk clerk and silent screen comic Ben Turpin portrays a most peculiar plumber.<br /><br />One of the film 's script writers was silent comedian Harry Langdon.<br /><br />Stan & Ollie are the main focus , however . Watching Hardy go berserk at the sound of a horn , or Laurel 's antics with bananas , for instance , reminds the viewer why these fellows remain absolute cinematic giants .
1 This is my third comment here attempting to connect two legendary movie comedy teams : Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello . The connection here is the year 1940 . That 's the date that the former had their last movie from their longtime home studio of Hal Roach . I 'll mention the significance of the latter later on . Besides being the last time Stan and Ollie worked at the Lot of Fun , it 's also the final time they would appear with such familiar supporting players like Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their films . It 's also the last time Art Lloyd would serve as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed their theme song which would be known as " The Cuckoo Song ( Dance of the Cuckoos)"-their score . And it would be the very last time Stan Laurel would be allowed to exercise complete creative control over what goes on film . If there is a more gag - laden structure than usual in this L & H film , it 's nice to know most of those gags are indeed funny . That includes most of the sound and visual effects , the latter provided by longtime Roach staffer Roy Seawright . In this one , Ollie has " hornophobia " from working at a noisy horn factory so Dr. Finlayson prescribes going out to sea for his rest . Ollie does n't like to go boating so Stan suggests they just rent one that 's docked so they would n't have to go anywhere . After they find one they like , we find out that convict Nick Grainger ( Richard Cramer ) has just escaped ... I'll stop there and say this was as good a finale for L & H 's longtime home as one could hope for . It 's hilarious mostly from beginning to end and knowing this would be their last for the man partly responsible for their teaming is indeed poignant when one thinks of it . Oh , and I have a couple more lasts to mention : it 's the final film appearance of both Harry Bernard , who plays a harbor patrolman after years of encountering Stan and Ollie as a policeman , and that of Ben Turpin , the cross - eyed comic who was born in New Orleans which is a couple of hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge , whose second L & H appearance this was having previously " married " the boys in Our Wife . The latter performer especially has a genuine comic moment . All right , I mentioned 1940 being the year Stan and Ollie had their last movie released from Hal Roach Studios . It was also the first year that a comedy team , both born in the state of New Jersey , would make their first picture at what would be their home studio , Universal . The director of that movie would be the same one that guided L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year . His name was A. Edward Sutherland . P.S. It was during this filming that script supervisor Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving a rolled - up carpet . That incident caused Oliver " Babe " Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room . They fell in love and married on March 7 , 1940 . It lasted until Babe 's death in 1957 .
1 I ca n't believe people are looking for a plot in this film . This is Laural and Hardy . Lighten up already . These two were a riot . Their comic genius is as funny today as it was 70 years ago . Not a filthy word out of either mouth and they were able to keep audiences in stitches . Their comedy was n't sophisticated by any stretch . If a whoopee cushion ca n't make you grin , there 's no reason to watch any of the stuff these guys did . It was a simpler time , and people laughed at stuff that was funny without a plot . I guess it takes a simple mind to enjoy this stuff , so I qualify . Two man comedy teams do n't compute , We 're just too sophisticated ... Are n't we fortunate ?
1 Ever since seeing this film as a child , over 30 years ago , I never tire of watching it . From the opening scenes in the horn factory , to the car motor running from the back seat of the car , to Ollie answering the phone and being accidentally pushed out the window by Stan , I think this was perhaps their best latter day film . After this they moved to 20th Century Fox , and while those films were n't terrible , they lacked the comic timing of this movie . Jimmy Finnlayson , their long time foil , in his last appearance with the boys , showing up as the Doctor is super ! quote : " I said goat milk " his reply to Stan asking him how do you milk a ghost ! Charlie Hall and even Ben Turpin show up ! I 'd say all in all one of my favorite L & H comedies .
1 SAPS AT SEA is evidently a pun on a Gary Cooper film , SOULS AT SEA . The title aptly describes the starring team , Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy . who go on an ocean voyage to soothe Ollie 's nerves only to run into escaped killer Nick Grainger . As played by Rychard Cramer , this criminal is both amusing and chilling , making him a fine foil for the Boys ' comedic characters . Despite his powerful presence , Cramer never upstages the Boys , a tribute to Stan and Ollie 's beguiling charisma . That is as it should be , since the Boys are supposed to be the protagonists in this film.<br /><br />Such is the charm of Laurel and Hardy 's personas that they elevate average material . For SAPS AT SEA has its slow spots . For instance , as a previous commentator has noted , a bit where a doctor ( the delightfully flustered James Finlayson ) tries a balloon called " lung tester " on Ollie , lacks punch . The scenario is very episodic , with the first part , taking place in the Boys ' apartment , almost completely unrelated to the second part where they go off to sea . But on the whole , the film is highly pleasant entertainment with a sufficiently brief running time so that it does n't wear out it 's welcome.<br /><br />There 's a certain poignancy viewing the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and producer Hal Roach . I have n't seen all of Laurel and Hardy 's post-1940 films but those that I have seen do n't measure up to even the weakest Hal Roach products . In these later movies , Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an alien environment , deprived of such colorful supporting players like Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield 's sprightly musical scores . They also are n't the well - meaning and optimistic bumblers we know and love but in the later films , are either exasperating blockheads or pathetic misfits.<br /><br />It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally unavailable to the public . Even in a minor entry like SAPS AT SEA , one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians . This was because Hal Roach , for the most part , allowed Stan Laurel , the guiding force behind the team , complete artistic freedom . Once Laurel lost his autonomy at other studios , the team lost much of its uniqueness .
1 The boys are working outside a recording studio when they hear " the voice of an angel . " That would be Miss Van Doren , auditioning and going under the name of Miss Andrews because her father does n't approve of her being a " radio singer " . However , she hopes a certain big - wig , Mrs. Bixby , a friend of her dad 's will hire her , and then he will have to give his approval.<br /><br />She leaves but within minutes the boys are running amok in the studio causing havoc and having other musicians out to kill them after they ruin the recording session . Finally things calm down . " Whew , we eluded them , " says Moe . " Yeah , we got away , too , " answers Curly.<br /><br />The boys then fool around in the studio , put on Miss Van Doren 's record and Curly gets dressed in women 's clothes and pretends he 's singing . Mrs. Bixby walks in , is impressed and hires " Seniorita Cucacha " on the spot ! For an extra $ 500 , she 's asked to come and sing at their high - society party that night . The rest , as they say , is history as Curly pretends to be an opera singer with some funny results . Oh , by the way , he accompanied by " Senior Mucho " and " Senior Gusto." < br /><br />What happens at the party is simply that the truth wins out , but not before a few slapstick antics take place . In all , a pretty good episode . I enjoyed it but would n't rate it as anything special .
1 This is one of my two or three favorite Stooges shorts , and undoubtedly Christine McIntyre 's best performance with the trio . She is good in a number of other shorts , but here she is absolutely brilliant . Her singing is not funny at all , in fact it is downright beautiful , but the plot is constructed in such a way that the singing enhances the humor rather than detracting from it . We listen to McIntyre sing the entirety of Voice of Spring no less than three times , but it never gets old , partly because we do n't tire of her voice , and partly because it blends so well with the Stooges ' antics . The use of operatic soprano in a comedy is reminiscent of Kitty Carlisle 's role in the Marx Brothers ' " A Night At The Opera , " but the singing is much more a part of the comedy here than in " Opera , " and McIntyre ( perhaps more in other performances than here ) exhibited a comedic talent of her own that Carlisle never did . The Stooges ' buffoonery , McIntyre 's singing , and a well - constructed plot combine for 5 out of 5 stars .
1 Micro - phonies is a classic Stooge short . The guys are inept repairmen working at a radio station , and during some horsing around in a broadcast booth , Curly 's perfect mimic of a recording of " Voices of Spring " is mistaken for the real thing , leading to a radio contract and a zany musical party . The trio 's mock rendition of the quintet from " Lucia de L'Amamore " is especially entertaining . No doubt this is essential viewing for Stooge fans.<br /><br />Although the evidence of Curly 's failing health is visible in his face and voice , his performance is amazing , and it is probably the last glimpse of the old Curly . Some fans think that " A Bird in the Hand " is the last great Curly short , but his coarse voice and slow movement are just too difficult to watch .
1 This three stooges flick is at a tie with my other favorite flick " Disorder in the Court " . This is an uproar of laughter for any Three Stooges fan to enjoy.<br /><br />The boys are janitors at a recording studio when they hear the lovely Christine McIntyre sings a great version of " Voices of Spring " . She is going to be offered a record deal , but she is scarred to be honest with her father about her choice of a career and prove herself as a real singer . When she and the others leave the studio , the stooges decide to have a little fun and play her record and dress Curly up as Christine . The contract lady who can make Christine 's career , sees Curly and mistakes him for Christine and invites Curly to sing for her party . Of course there is a man that they have upset that is at the party and they destroy his solo in front of the crowd , so he 'll find a way to get back at them.<br /><br />What a great stooge flick , this should not be missed ! < br /><br />10/10
1 I remember when I first saw this short , I was really laughing so hard , that like with a lot of other films that I have seen , no sound came out ! Curly is really great at " singing " opera in this one , I am surprised that he did not consider a career as a professional singer , because he was really good ! < br /><br />If you noticed , this was filmed near the end of Curly 's career as a Stooge , you could really tell he had changed , because he had lost weight and was thinner , his voice was deepening , his face was getting lined with wrinkles , though he still could pull it off , he looked like he was fifty at the age of forty . This was because he was suffering many minor strokes before his big one that ended his career . Be he still managed to pull it off in his last ones ! < br /><br />If you do n't mind the fact that Curly was really getting very ill at this point , this is actually one of their funniest shorts . I know that I did n't mind the fact that Curly was really changing , because I still thought that he was great ! < br /><br />10/10
1 Most Stoogephiles consider this to be the best Stooges short bar none , and they 're right . Curly is a scream dressed up in drag as " Senorita Cucaracha " , and Moe and Larry are in top form as " Senor Mucho " and " Senor Gusto " , respectively . Christine McIntyre 's beautiful operatic voice is given full rein -- she actually was a trained opera singer -- and it 's wonderful . The great Gino Corrado is hilarious as a pompous Italian singer terrorized by the Stooges at a society party . Some truly funny gags , good direction and very tight editing make this rise to the very top of the Stooges ' prolific output . What 's even more amazing is that Curly was having severe health problems at the time , and in several of the shorts he made during this period , you can see that he is obviously ill ; his timing is way off , he speaks very slowly and haltingly , and has trouble getting around . Fortunately , his health was in an upswing when he made this film , and it shows . Classic Stooge comedy , and enjoyed by even non - Stooge fans ( I had a girlfriend who could n't stand the Stooges , but even she laughed at this one ) . A must - see .
1 This is without a doubt the funniest of the Curly stooges shorts . I 've seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh . Hilarious pantomime sequences . A perfect example of " musical comedy " . Even people who do n't like the knuckleheads remember this one fondly .
1 In Micro Phonies the stooges are at there best . In this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio . They end up getting a look at Alice Van Doren ( Christine Mcintyre)singing the voice of spring . The voice is amazing . Curly in drags is heard by Mrs. Bixby ( Symona Boniface ) . Moe calls Curly Senior Cucaracha . The three stooges end up going to party where Curly is going to dress up in drags . They play a record of the voices of spring and all is going well until Moe destroy the record on Curly 's head . They end up using the lucia sexlet until the baritone recognizes them and unplugs it . Alice Van Doren catches on to the boy scream and hides behind a curtain to help them out . All is well until the baritone wonders how Curly is singing without the aid of a phonograph discovers Alice behind the curtain . The three stooges are revealed to be frauds but Alice 's father discovers his daughter 's talent and agrees that she should become a singer . The stooge are pelted out of the room . Excellent .
1 The Three Stooges has always been some of the many actors that I have loved . I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made . I love all six of the Stooges ( Curly , Shemp , Moe , Larry , Joe , and Curly Joe ) ! All of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts ! In My opinion The Three Stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team ! < br /><br />This is a good Three Stooges short . It funny and its cast includes Christine McIntyre , Symona Boniface , Gino Corrado , Fred Kelsey , Sam Flint , Chester Conklin , Theodore Lorch , Lynton Brent , Judy Malcolm , Vernon Dent , John Tyrrell , Heinie Conklin , and Bess Flowers . The Stooges performed very well in this short ! I recommend this one !
1 I was quite surprised to read some of the comments on this work , honestly . Some people were looking for a plot ? ? ? OK , when this video came out over a decade ago , I watched it for what it was : a collection of music videos . It 's not a movie . It does n't have a plot , nor a central storyline . It 's a rather artistic anthology of mostly long - form videos , all of them rather smartly or creatively done . Michael Jackson may be considered a freak these days , but , after all , this was the man who gave us Thriller ( considered by many to be the greatest music video of all time ) and set trends with Billie Jean and Beat It . With Moonwalker , he and the filmmakers and artists who collaborated with him once again took his music and dance moves to create some vividly entertaining stuff , incorporating claymation , special effects , live performance footage , and even self - parody ( the " Badder " sequence ) . And for those wondering what Joe Pesci was doing there , this video came out just a tad before he became a household name , and was one of his most memorable appearances on film . And , IMHO , I think the Smooth Criminal sequence ( the choreographed section ) beats anything else Michael Jackson did up to that point !
1 Ah , Moonwalker , I 'm a huge Michael Jackson fan , I grew up with his music , Thriller was actually the first music video I ever saw apparently . Believe it or not there was a time where Michael Jackson was like a God to people , a time where women fainted at the sight of him before really fainting before seeing the sight of him , sorry , Michael . But Moonwalker was what started to be a tribute to all of Michael 's success of the time right when he released his famous Bad album that was record breaking , was the first album to have 6 top ten singles . Michael is an incredible artist , there is no doubt , he writes , sings , dances , but when it comes to acting or keeping a story straight with his audience …  not so much.<br /><br />We start off pretty simple : Jackson 's music , life , career , success and the mania that was the 80 's biggest star in the world Michael Jackson . Later on , Jackson is a 30 's style gangster who uses his powers as a crime figure to protect the children . When Jackson was allowed to be near children , we cut to him playing in a field with the children and their dog . The dog runs away , and in their search for it , Jackson and the children uncover the lair of Mr. Big , Frankie Lideo , a drug dealing mobster with an army of henchmen who wants to get the entire populace of planet earth addicted to drugs , starting with the children . Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children , but they escape ; Jackson tells the children to meet him at Club 30 's , which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s . The story goes back to the mobsters attack on Jackson , and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster , who draws his power from shooting stars . As one passes by the club , Jackson transforms into a sports car and mows down several of Mr. Big 's henchmen . The story picks up on the children at Club 30 's , and at first the children are afraid , but when Jackson appears the scary atmosphere of the club transforms and the children find themselves back in the 1930s . The club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers . Jackson participates in a dance - off with the other club members , which serves as the music video for " Smooth Criminal " . At the climax of the song , Mr. Big lays siege to the club and kidnaps one of the children , Katie . Jackson follows them back to Big 's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen . Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson by threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive narcotics . While Katie manages to just grab Joe Pesci 's glasses and get free from being injected , Mr. Big decides he 's had enough and orders his men to kill Katie before finishing off Jackson , but not before a shooting star flies by . Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big 's soldiers . Yup , ummm , you want more weirdness ? Watch the movie.<br /><br />Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour , seeing Michael 's success and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once again . Is it mostly to hype up his album ? Yeah , I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how awesome he is , then we go to his song called " Leave Me Alone " , which is kind of hypocritical , not that it 's not a great song , just a small turn of events . Then when we skip the crummy acting , the story was incredibly weak : The villain spells his name out loud while Michael and Katie are spying on him , lol , Michael is a transformer all of a sudden , the villain 's big monster plan is to make kids high ? Also the villain has some sort of massive ray gun that would make Marvin the Martian blush . But if there is one new thing that is incredible that the movie gives us is the new video for Smooth Criminal . This music video is perfection , it 's choreographing , it 's setting , it 's song , it 's smooth style , Michael always goes above and beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal was incredible . I loved Moonwalker as a kid , I still watch it for fun to this day , but it 's not the best movie by any means , it 's pretty silly , but it 's all good if you 're a Michael Jackson fan as well.<br /><br />7/10
1 I 've loved this movie ever since it first came out . I was about nine years old , and now I 'm 27 . I remember playing the video game on Sega Genisis . I had so much fun , I would love to show my son this movie . He likes Michael Jackson as well and I know he will love this movie just as I did when I was a kid . Even though he 's much younger than I was when I first saw it . I ca n't wait for it to come out on DVD ! I hope it comes out on DVD ! Please let it come out on DVD ! ! I 'm dying to see it again ! ! ! Well that is my comment I hope that one day soon I 'll get to view this movie again . I love all of the videos in this movie . My favorite mini - video is Badder !
1 Actually this movie has silly moments , both in the claymation part and in the Joe Pesci and children part , and it 's much worse than other MJ movies like " The Wiz " , " Captain Eo " and " Ghosts " . But as a die hard Michael Jackson fan since almost eleven years , ( Yeah , that 's half my life , you guys ! ) , I ca n't complain too much about it . Just seeing this lovely guy and hearing his wonderful music is a trip to Heaven for me . But as a movie , it 's not good at all , and I 'm afraid , that it would get a much lower grade for me , if my darling Mike had n't been the one starring in it . But since no one but Mike IS the moonwalker , it has to get a 7 out of 10 from me .
1 If you want to remember MJ , this is a good place to start . This movie features sweet tunes , MJ as robot , and a crazy , messed - up plot . I recall , many a night , passing out to this fine feature film in college , and pondering the sheer awesomenes of whoever decided to green light this ridiculous piece of .<br /><br />There is lots of singing . Lots of dancing . There is lots of singing while dancing . MJ slays it as you would expect when it comes to this stuff . But there is much more to this movie . There is claymation . There are fat children ( clay ) . There is an anthropomorphic rabbit that michael jackson has to battle in a dance off ( obviously clay too ) . There is Joe Pesci as well ( not made of clay).<br /><br />RIP- we love you Michael ! It is a sad day for all of us .
1 The first time I saw this " film " I loved it . When I was 11 , I was more interested in the music and dancing . As I 've grown older , I 've become more interested in the acting as well . While the first half is just a retrospective of Michael 's career ( from the Jackson 5 up to " Bad " ) , it was still entertaining to watch . The " Badder " sequence could 've been left out , though the kids were pretty good . " Speed Demon " and " Leave Me Alone " were funny , especially when the police officer tells Michael , " I need your autograph right here " , after stopping him for dancing in a no - dancing zone . But it 's " Smooth Criminal " that 's the icing on the cake . Joe Pesci did an excellent job as the toughie ( and that hair was wild ) . The dancing is perfect , and so are the special effects . The only thing I could have done without was the spiders . Any fan of Michael 's should see this , if you have n't already . I give it a 10 + !
1 I was a kid .. crazy about Michael Jackson . His music , his dancing .. He was and is the greatest of all times . Few days ago a friend gave me a present .. " Moonwalker " DVD .. I just could n't believe it ! So I took my time and saw the movie again .. After a lot of years , and it kicked me back in time . I almost cried . Not because of Michael Jackson but of the good old times I remembered back than when I went to his concerts , enjoying music and dancing . The movie gave me some other perspective than back then when i was a kid . You can truly see the parody that Michael went through his life . Thank You Michael Jackson to bring me back to those great times , to Your great music and dancing . It 's a shame that people has forgotten You .. I did n't because You gave me great moments with your music .. All the best to You where ever You are out there ..
1 With all this stuff going down at the moment with MJ i 've started listening to his music , watching the odd documentary here and there , watched The Wiz and watched Moonwalker again . Maybe i just want to get a certain insight into this guy who i thought was really cool in the eighties just to maybe make up my mind whether he is guilty or innocent . Moonwalker is part biography , part feature film which i remember going to see at the cinema when it was originally released . Some of it has subtle messages about MJ 's feeling towards the press and also the obvious message of drugs are bad m'kay.<br /><br />Visually impressive but of course this is all about Michael Jackson so unless you remotely like MJ in anyway then you are going to hate this and find it boring . Some may call MJ an egotist for consenting to the making of this movie BUT MJ and most of his fans would say that he made it for the fans which if true is really nice of him.<br /><br />The actual feature film bit when it finally starts is only on for 20 minutes or so excluding the Smooth Criminal sequence and Joe Pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all powerful drug lord . Why he wants MJ dead so bad is beyond me . Because MJ overheard his plans ? Nah , Joe Pesci 's character ranted that he wanted people to know it is he who is supplying drugs etc so i dunno , maybe he just hates MJ 's music.<br /><br />Lots of cool things in this like MJ turning into a car and a robot and the whole Speed Demon sequence . Also , the director must have had the patience of a saint when it came to filming the kiddy Bad sequence as usually directors hate working with one kid let alone a whole bunch of them performing a complex dance scene.<br /><br />Bottom line , this movie is for people who like MJ on one level or another ( which i think is most people ) . If not , then stay away . It does try and give off a wholesome message and ironically MJ 's bestest buddy in this movie is a girl ! Michael Jackson is truly one of the most talented people ever to grace this planet but is he guilty ? Well , with all the attention i 've gave this subject .... hmmm well i do n't know because people can be different behind closed doors , i know this for a fact . He is either an extremely nice but stupid guy or one of the most sickest liars . I hope he is not the latter .
1 This movie is great.<br /><br />Now , I do tend to like my films heavy on the story and dialogue , but now and then , something like Moonwalker comes along , and it 's watchable , despite numerous flaws.<br /><br />This film is no more than a highly entertaining Michael Jackson advertisement . Beginning with sickly video set to ' Man in the Mirror ' a montage listing his achievements , and bits and bobs from his career , it goes through all the highs of his life , then crashes down into a really , really entertaining segment which acts as a funny music video for ' Bad ' and ' Speed Demon ' , following the adventures of MJ as he runs from manic stop - motion fans , and finally dancing against a rabbit costume . The stop motion is n't that bad as some would have you believe . It 's passable.<br /><br />Then we see the great video for ' Leave me alone ' , and straight into the main feature.<br /><br />Yes , the plot is laughable . Very laughable . We see Michael walk out of a building , then get shot at by thousands of troops . Then we hit flashback , showing MJ and three children stumbling upon an underground lair . ' Mr Big ' ( Joe Pesci ) is the nefarious villain who has a plan to get every child in the world hooked on ' drugs ' ( no specifics are mentioned ) at an early age . MJ and the little girl he is with get caught , then chased ... yada yada yada . The plot is n't really the important part . We get two very cool sequences where MJ turns into a car , then a robot - spaceship thing , and of course , the amazing ' Smooth Criminal ' sequence.<br /><br />It 's a so - so film , but it is fantastic for anyone who likes MJ . It has most of his greatest hits , and some cool little bits , and some quite good special effects ( the Robot / Spaceship sequence in particular ) Worth it , especially seen as though you can pick it up for about a quid on ebay . It 'll keep the kids quiet for a couple of hours , as well as most 20 somethings who were kids when it was first released .
1 Moonwalker is probably not the film to watch if you 're not a Michael Jackson fan . I 'm a big fan and enjoyed the majority of the film , the ending was n't fantastic but the first 50 or so minutes were - if you 're a fan.<br /><br />I personally believe the first 50 minutes are re - watchable many times over . The dancing in each video is breathtaking , the music fantastic to listen to and the dialogue entertaining.<br /><br />It includes many of his finest videos from Bad and snippets from his earlier videos . It also includes some live concert footage.<br /><br />If you 're a big fan of Michael Jackson this is a must , if you 're not a fan / don't like Michael Jackson , steer well clear.<br /><br />9/10
1 Only a 9/10 from me , a perfect ten would have been if there was more of a plot to the movie , but nevertheless Moonwalker to this day remains a fun fest of music , dance and entertainment . Beginning with the montage of video clips from Jackson 's long career , it reminds the viewer of just why he is often regarded as ' The King of Pop ' . From his hit ' I want you back ' to ' We are the World ' the multi - award winning charity record for the benefit of Africa . Following this a short movie of sorts , although lacklustre in an Oscar winning script , nonetheless provides a fantastic and entertaining drama for the audience . Ending with a perfect ( sexy ! ) rendition of ' Come Together ' . Something the whole family can watch and enjoy .
1 Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon . His short movies , i.e. music videos , are simply the best . I do not care if I get a sane sci - fi feature from this man , but I do care to get a medley of his crazy dancing , shriek yells , cool crowd choreography , and some bits of CGI and animation . There also should be a few uninterrupted videos . Everything I 've mentioned is here . Stupid plot and over - the - top " vanity fair " are not a problem when I witness Mr Michael Jackson in action . To me he will always be the ultimate king of music videos ( not " king of pop " which sounds moronic , especially for us , Russians , because " pop " sounds like the Russian word for " arses " and MJ is definitely not " king of arses " ) . I can re - watch his best music videos ( which are artistically beautiful ) and I never get tired of them.<br /><br />My first impression of this film was " What is this ... ? " ( bits of different videos , some drawn images , unsettling jumps from one theme to another , absence of any cohesive plot line , some kids fooling around , etc . ) but as I watched it till the end , I could tell that it was great and really nothing like anything else shown on TV nowadays . What I like here too is that it never shows any shameful material and can be watched by kids easily.<br /><br />Without Mr Michael Jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor . Even the best classic videos of other artists can not come very close to the energetic hyperbole of MJ musical insanity and artistic quality . He knew how to get the audience of different ages and he knew how to remain a man with moral principles.<br /><br />When I see a proper DVD release with Mr Michael Jackson videos I know that it deserves to be purchased even if some clips have already appeared in some other previous release . " HIStory I " , " HIStory II " , and " Moonwalker " are all great , though only " Moonwalker " is more like one movie ( with a solid " Smooth Criminal " theme , " paparazzi " topic , and a few weird spoofs and twists).<br /><br />Being no fan of MJ I can still give this " film ... like no other " a solid 9 out of 10 ( I 've been hit by " Smooth Criminal " for sure and my major complains are the following : initial segments of the movie could have been dropped while the main " MJ anti - drug campaign " should have been given more " sky - rocketing insanity and stress " and there should have been more " moonwalking " itself of course ) . Thanks for attention .
1 I think that this movie is very neat . You eithier like Michael Jackson or you do n't , but if you like him then you have to see this movie . I think that it is a very neat film with great song play and good imagination . Not to mention the film center piece Smooth Criminal which has some of the best dancing you will every see .
1 Moonwalker is such a great movie , from start to finish you ca nt take your eyes away . i love all the clips of Michael singing and dancing and I just love the ' studio tour ' bit ... soo funny :) And the ' mini movie ' is to cool , with all the special FX etc ... Michael is a genius and always will be ! ! !
1 This is , in my opinion , a very good film , especially for Michael Jackson lovers . It contains a message on drugs , stunning special effects , and an awesome music video.<br /><br />The main film is centered around the song and music video ' Smooth Criminal . ' Unlike the four - minute music video , it is normal speed and , in my opinion , much easier to watch.<br /><br />The plot is rather weird , however . Michael Jackson plays a magical ' gangster ' that , when he sees a shooting star , he transforms into a piece of machinery . Throughout the film , he transforms into a race car , a giant robot , and a space ship.<br /><br />The robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange . I found it a little out - of - whack compared to the rest of the film.<br /><br />A child is kidnapped , Michael tries to save her , is tortured and beaten , and suddenly turns into a giant robot that blows up all the bad guys . A little weird ? Yeah.<br /><br />But besides the bizarre robot scene , it 's a very good movie , and any Michael Jackson fan will enjoy both the Smooth Criminal music video and the movie .
1 If you see this movie , you know you will see an extense video - clip of popular music . But you will find more . Incredible FX , great music and a nice time to enjoy with your kids . If you compare this movie , you have to remember is a pop extravaganza . Clips of " Man In The Mirror " , " Leave Me Alone " , " Smooth Criminal " and Beatles ' " Come Together " .
1 ( There is n't much in the way of spoilers , since there is n't a plot to reveal , but still , I guess I describe some of what happens so ... ) This is it . This is THE most nonsensical film I 've ever seen . There are simply no words to describe this movie , although " bizarre " " ridiculous " and " ego trip " are pretty close . the opening half hour or so are really , really weird music videos , with absolutely no plot or continuity , apart from that MJ falls into some from the previous . One of the highlights of this part of the " film " in the section where MJ is flying a merry - go - round aeroplane through what seem to be half - arsed bond intro rejects and sections cut from Yellow Submarine ( dear lord you could not make this up).<br /><br />Then , with a little over an hour remaining , the " film " begins , with a lot of claymation ( some of it really creepy ) spotting our " hero " and chasing him looking for an autograph . Obviously , this leaves our as of yet mute ( discounting songs ) lead somewhat worried , and he manages to temporarily lose them . Fortunate for him , because it means he can witness a falling star and , and again , I 'm not making this up , turn into a claymation rabbit . He uses this cunning disguise to try and sneak past them , but , for reasons I ca n't recall right now , they see through it ( oh no ! ) and the creepy chase begins again . Cue another song ( big shock there).<br /><br />Shortly after the end of the chase , MJ somehow brings the rabbit to life , until he is busted by a policeman ( in the middle of the desert ) because it is , apparently , illegal to dance there.<br /><br />The rest of the film is equally as strange , highlights including MJ cleaning up a bar to the tune of Smooth Criminal , including shooting a man with his finger , not only killing the guy , but burning his shadow into the wall , a la nuclear fission weapons . Another good moment is when MJ , seeing , Mr Big ( Joe " what the hell happened to his career at this point ? " Peschi ) kidnap one of the children he was friends with , magically creates a tommy gun , and in another moment of violence that pepper this film seemingly at random , opens fire at everything that moves . A final moment I shall mention is when MJ , surrounded by Mr Big and his private army . Seriously , this guy has dozens of people working for him , and they 're decked out more like commando units rather than mobsters , which I guess they are . How does he get out ? Why , he turns into a robot , complete with weapons and shield . This is the third of four transformations he makes , almost always when backed into a corner and/or on the run.<br /><br />This film is quite , quite surreal , with little in the way of plot , and virtually no continuity .
1 Michael Jackson is not very popular in USA anymore , however in Europe ( especially Germany ) he has still got lots of fans . Many will say that this is a bad movie , and it is : it has no plot , it 's full of cliches , Michael praises himself constantly.<br /><br />BUT , you ca n't expect a plot or non - cliches in this kind of movie ! It has entertaining visual effects and the music is perfect . The Smooth Criminal fragment - the greatest song ever , full of Moonwalks , group dance acts and even the famous " Michael Jackson 's Bench - over " - makes this film one of Jackson 's masterpieces with an even good - looking ( and white ... ) Michael Jackson!<br /><br />A must for Jackson fans , a must for music fans , a must for dance act fans.<br /><br />However , as I 'm an MJ fan , I should warn all Michael Jackson haters out there : DON'T watch this movie , you 'd only make your hate increase ...
1 Wow , I forgot how great this movie was until I stumbled upon it while looking through the garage . It 's a kind of strange combination of a bio of Michael Jackson , a collection of musical vignettes , and a story about a super hero fighting to save some little kids . The vignettes are good ( especially Speed Demon ) , but the best part of this movie is the super hero segment , in which Michael Jackson turns into a car , a robot , and finally a spaceship ( and it 's just as weird as it sounds ) . Joe Pesci is hilarious , and has enough cool imagery and great music to entertain throughout!<br /><br />The real gem however is the incredible " Smooth Criminal " video , which makes the movie worth owning for that part alone !
1 Moonwalker is absolutely incredible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! What else can I say ! ? Michael Jackson is the true King of pop , rock and soul ! ! ! Moonwalker has everything ! Great story line , fantastic music , great visual effects , and of course it has Michael Jackson ! ! ! ! ! !
1 This movie is exciting , daring and the music is very good . The movie Moonwalker was meant to coincide with the album Bad(1987).I have Bad . It is excellent(*****).The movie begins with Michael Jackson performing"Man In The Mirror"on stage.then,it shows a history of Michael , from his early days in the Jackson 5 right up to the Bad era . Oh , and Badder is good too(Badder is a music video parody of the music video for Bad the single).It then shows the Speed Demon video . The song and the video are very , very good indeed . Same for leave me alone , which appears after . Then it shows the movie Moonwalker.after a few minutes , he plays smooth criminal in a club called club 30s.like it when he does the lean.anyway,nice to see you.bye bye .
1 THIS IS BY FAR MY MOST FAVOURITE MOVIE IN THE WORLD ! ! ! ! ! I enjoyed it when I was 4 and I still enjoy it at 16 ! ! Its an absolute masterpiece ! No video collection is complete without it ! ! ! I enjoy every second of it and not only does the film have some great special affects but its sends a great message to the youngsters of the audience which may sound sheesy but in actual fact the movie is done very COOLY in actual fact ! Although Michael Jackson has been in afew movies now , people still do nt see him as an actor . In reality he 's the most talented actor I know ! He 's so talented ! He 's incredible ! ! ! MOONWALKER IS A MUST SEE ! ! ! ! ! !
1 At long last ! One of Michael Jackson 's most well known and beloved films comes to DVD ! In Michael Jackson Moonwalker , ( Michael Jackson ) stars as Michael . A man with powers that are not of this world . Michael must save Sean ( Sean Lennon ) , Katie ( Kellie Parker ) , Zeke ( Brandon Quintin Adams ) , and the rest of the worlds children from drug lord Frankie Lideo aka Mr. Big ( Joe Pesci ) who 's mission in life is to get all of the worlds children hooked on drugs ! A NOTE TO PEOPLE IN THE USA LOOKING FOR THIS FILM ON DVD : Make sure when buying this film on DVD you buy Warners Product # WK00817 as NTSC Region 3 which plays on North American NTSC Region 1 players .
1 I first saw this when they showed this around easter time 1993/4 and did n't think much of it then , I bought this on DVD last summer when I started getting into Michael Jackson ( I liked his music before ) and enjoyed it more now I am older . It is a good film but it wo n't be this classic film like The Sound Of Music , West Side Story , The Wizard Of Oz etc . Michael Jackson as an actor was good and so were the other cast members . There were a disturbing scenes like the little girl Katie getting slapped by the gangster Frankie Lideo who was played by Joe Pesci . The scene that frightened me when I was younger was when Michael turns into a robot . My favourite song on the film was Smooth Criminal I think it was better than Thriller in my opinion .
1 And I do n't say it in a bad way.<br /><br />I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7 . For me and my cousins it was magical , beautiful and scary at the same time . When we left the theatre , Michael was our best friend even though we knew he had no idea about it.<br /><br />Over the years , I saw this movie being aired a few times but I always changed the channel . Even seeing a few seconds of it would bring back that feeling of magic and warm my heart . And I liked it that way.<br /><br />So I 've only seen this movie once and I believe it was a good decision not to watch it again . If I saw it today , I know I could n't help but criticise MJ 's acting , the plot ( if there was one ) and this and that . For me this is a childhood memory , so my feelings towards it are those of a child from 20 years ago.<br /><br />I see my adult self intervenes in my rating and gives it an 8 for the memories and wonderful music . For that little kid who watched it in awe 20 years ago though , this is definitely worthy of a 10 .
1 Moonwalker is a Fantasy Music film staring Michael Jackson with different segments . I will rate each segment individually.<br /><br />Segment 1 opens the film with a Music video . The Music video is a concert of Michael Jackson performing the song " Man in the Mirror " , the Music video also show 's montages of historical figures such as Gandhi , Martin Luther king JR , John Lennon and more . The first segment was a good choice to open the film i liked the song and also loved the montage of the historical figures . I even loved the message in the song . I give the first segment a 9/10.<br /><br />Segment 2 shows a montage of Michael Jackson 's start from the Jackson five to his solo career . The montage i thought was well made , i liked the animation they put into it and i also loved their choices of songs such as " I I want you back , Beat it , Thriller , can you feel it and the way you make me feel . " The only thing i wish they could have done a little a better in one of the songs in the montage is " We are the world " . The reason why is all you see is rain drops and in those drops are images of Michael Jackson and the chorus of the celebrities , but it 's a little hard to see the chorus . Other than that the segment is still good . I give it a 9/10<br /><br />Segment 3 is the song Bad . You 're probably thinking it 's Michael Jackson 's Music video of bad , Well yes and no . This segment is the Music video but it 's redone by Kids . The segment was cute but it was n't as good as the other segments . I give it a 6/10<br /><br />Segment 4 is a short Claymation Music film that takes place after the kid 's version of bad called " Speed Demon " . The short is about Michael Jackson being chased by his beloved fans and the press and he disguises himself as a rabbit and rides a motorcycle to try to get away from them . The claymation in the chase sequence was great but some parts in the film the Claymation characters looked a little fake when they interact with real people . Also at the end of the clip out of nowhere Michael Jackson rabbit costume comes to life and he 's dancing with it . I liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere . I give it a 8/10<br /><br />Segment 5 is Michael Jackson 's Grammy winning Music video " Leave me alone . " The Music Video is about the media poking their nose at Michael Jackson 's personal life and Michael Jackson feels they wo n't leave him alone no matter how much he 's proved innocent . The music video really speaks out ( but keep in mind this happened before the child molestation this just all about the rumors of him in the 80 's . ) but i did n't feel this Video should be in this Movie because it 's a kids Movie and i do n't think kid 's will understand what he 's singing about . I give this Music video 8/10<br /><br />Segment 6 leads us to the main story of the whole movie called " Smooth Criminal . " Michael Jackson plays a gangster who uses his powers of a wishing star as a crime figure to protect children ( including John Lennon 's son Sean Lennon ) from an Evil Mobster named Mr Bigg ( Played by Joe Pesci ) . The segment i thought really brought out the film especially when he danced and sang the song " Smooth Criminal " with a bunch of Criminals . I also thought the special effects were good . The weird thing about the Segment is why are kids hanging out with a grown man it never explained why . Also Joe Pesci character talks about Drugs and what he plans to do with them . I mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film . Other wise it was good . My rating for this segment is a 8/10<br /><br />Segment 7 is the final segment of the whole movie . The film end 's with Michael Jackson singing a Cover version of the Beatle 's Song " Come Together " and then during the credit 's we see Michael Jackson singing with Ladysmith Black Mambazo . Michael did a good cover of " Come Together " and i think it was good idea putting including a group of good singer 's with a talented musican like him . My rating is 9/10<br /><br />This movie is a good Michael Jackson film i think it really brings out children s Imagination . The film is almost as Imaginative as the Beatles animated movie " Yellow Submarine " if you like Michael Jackson and you 're up to a film with a lot of creativity this is the film . My Overall rating for this movie is 8/10
1 This movie is my all time favorite ! ! ! You really have to see Michael Jackson in this wonderful film ! ! I 'm always over the moon , watching it ! ! This is a film , that you really have to see , also if you are n't a MJ Fan , cause this film writes , like Captain EO , E.T. and Ghosts , a bit of Film and music History ! ! This wonderful film , out of Michael 's feather , is a must have ! ! And : Smooth Criminal , is really the most wonderful , exciting and amazing song I 've ever heard in my life ! ! Thank you Michael for this film and I love you ! ! ! MJ 's the best musician to hit this planet , he 's a fine man and he always brings sparkles in your eyes , when you listen to his music ! ! Please , if you do n't know this film , watch it and do n't miss it , because would be too bad for yourself if you 'd miss it ! ! -Highly Recommanded film , for every movie lover-
1 Michael Is King . This film contains some of the best stuff Mike has ever done . Smooth Criminal is pure genius . The cameos are wonderful , but as always , the main event is MJ himself . He is the best , hands down .
1 Moonwalker by Michael Jackson is a real adventure film for the whole family!<br /><br />Before the real story of the movie starts , we get a performance of the Bad Tour ( Man In The Mirror ) , and it kicks off a great movie . After that we get a kind of a collage of Michael carrier , as it was until Moonwalker came out in 1988 . After a few Music Videos also ( Speed Demon , Leave Me Alone , etc . ) the story starts.<br /><br />The plot is basically that Michael and his 3 friends ( who are kids ) are being chased by the bad guy of the story " Mr. Big " , because they discovered his evil plans of getting children all over the world hocked on drugs . During the chase we see fantastic segments , fx . Michaels video for Smooth Criminal , which is absolutely fantastic with its dance sequences , etc . But then one of the kids get kidnapped by Mr. Big , and Michael will haft to save her before she gets a drug addict.<br /><br />During the movie we see special effects not only amazing for those days standards , but also impressive today . For instance , see Michael turning in to a robot / spaceship in order to protect his friends ! It 's so cool!<br /><br />The movie ends with a performance of Come Together ( later published in Michaels double - album of HIStory ) , and you leave the movie with a magic feeling . Amazing!<br /><br />I recommend this for every family who wants to spend a nice night together with candy and popcorn in front of the TV . And now some parents might stand up and say : " But Michael Jackson is an alleged child abuser ! " Yeah , he is indeed , but , come on , we all know it is n't true ! Wait and see ..
1 This movie is the only movie to feature a scene in which Michael Jackson wields a Tommy Gun . Plain and simple.<br /><br />This movie rocks because it is freaking ' hilarious ! It may be creepy to see Jacko w/ little kids , but this movie also stars .......................................... wait for it, ..................... <br /><br />JOE PESCI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />Think about it , Joe Pesci and Jacko with Tommy guns , throwing coins into jukeboxes from 20 feet away ? What s not to like ? As stated before , THIS MOVIE ROCKS ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 This has got to be one of my very favorite Twilight Zone episodes , primarily for the portrayal of two lonely souls in a post - apocalyptic environment.<br /><br />The cobweb - strewn shops and rubble - laden streets are eerie in that particular way the Twilight Zone does best.<br /><br />While the parable can be a bit heavy - handed by today 's drama standards , it is an excellent one - using the setting to make a statement relevant to the human experience , as well as geopolitics , in a way that is timeless . The entire drama rests solely on the shoulders of Mr. Bronson and Ms. Montgomery , who do not disappoint . ( May they both rest in peace.)<br /><br />A true classic .
1 Wow ! All I can say is that if Elizabeth Montgomery is the enemy ( she speaks Russian ) , then I 'm surrendering right now . In her short skirt , high - top boots , and pronounced bust line , she 's a real babe , even if her zombie - like eye - shadow sort of comes and goes . This 30 minutes is no doubt the sexiest of the series . Note the realistic and revealing wrestling match with Bronson until he ungallantly slugs her on the chin , ruining all the fun . Okay , probably I should leave off my hormonal response.<br /><br />This is a very well produced half - hour by that underrated force behind the series 's success , Buck Houghton . Naturally , the producers want to lead off the third season with an above average entry . It 's post nuclear - holocaust America ( we know because she 's part of the invading force ) and only American Bronson and Soviet Montgomery are left , along with about twenty tons of realistic wreckage . They wander among the destruction in alternating moods , while we wonder how long it will take for biology to trump politics , which of course it eventually does , ( lucky Bronson ) . And that 's about it . No real talk , except for what Bronson has to say which is pretty overblown . Nonetheless , the screenplay is still entertaining , and rather daring for its time , even suggesting that not all Russian women looked like truck drivers ( a popular Cold War stereotype of the time).<br /><br />In passing-- it 's rather curious that the very Slavic - looking Bronson ( Buchinsky ) would be cast as the American and the glossy - looking Montgomery as the Slav . Appearance - wise , it should be the reverse . My guess is that the producers did not want to cast the American in the physically weaker role of the female , regardless of appearances . However that may be , there is little of the usual TZ fright or atmosphere , still the episode remains a very , very watchable 30 minutes .
1 This is one of my favorites along with the Mariette Hartley and Robert Lansing " Sandy " and the Agnes Moorhead - and - the - tiny - spacemen episodes.<br /><br />It is an important take , from mid-1961 , on the long Cold War that the U.S. was then embroiled in . The beaten - down city - scene , the near - starving characters ' sparse dialog , their threadbare uniforms , and the minimal action " says " it all : the absurdity of an on - going conflict that threatens to destroy human life , modern civilization , and all that is sweet and redeeming about it.<br /><br />It is a " fable " because it was made in a time in which , had events turned out differently , such as the second Berlin Crisis ( Spring 1961 ) and the subsequent Cuban Missile Crisis ( Oct. 1962 ) , it would have actually been a reasonable representation of one of the U.S. 's major cities , ruined and replete with a few miserable survivors . I also see it as a " fable " because it is not only a cautionary tale , but because it is the most redemptive of all our popular myths : it is a love story , set in an impossible situation , and involving two highly mismatched lovers .
1 This episode apparently grew out of the cold war . There has been a holocaust but somehow Elizabeth Montgomery and Charles Bronson have come through unscathed . It then becomes a battle for turf . She is attracted to him and vice versa , but the instinct for survival takes over . It 's a quiet , slow moving , chess battle as they attempt to achieve trust . They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again . Of course , the male female role of the sixties comes into play and modern viewers might find that her need to follow him is a bit offensive . But it still is captivating and interesting . Because she does n't speak , we do n't know here mind very well , but in the end we can guess .
1 A lot is dated in this episode ( just like most Twilight Zone episodes ) , such as the Woman 's incredibly sexist military " uniform . " And some things are so unbelievable , like the easy availability of clean water . Still , consider the year this was made and the time , and you quickly understand why this episode is so special as you watch . It has a nice sense of hope , something missing from a lot of Twilight Zones , as well as an interesting female character ( despite the fact that she rarely speaks ) , something else rare on the Twilight Zone . " Two " is a great example of how the Twilight Zone , in just over 20 minutes , could pack more emotion and drama than most two hours movies today . And it 's great to see two people who became American icons so early in their careers .
1 Simple story ... why say more ? It nails it 's premise . World War 3 kills all or most of the human race and we 're viewing 2 of the survivors . The message is that the 2 warring sides should not have been at odds in the first place . Distilled down to representatives from each side , we see they have everything to come together for:<br /><br />Security ... Finding resources ... food , shelter , etc ... Survival ... Love ... <br /><br />At the end they 've decided to pool their resources , ( she finally does ) , so they will survive . Simple story , expressed in the limited budget of the early 60s television landscape . We see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable . In the early 60s , no one had seen such stuff ... I give it a 10 ...
1 Whilst reading through the comments left for this show , I could n't help but notice that a large percentage of the reviewers had either not actually watched any episodes of the show either all the way through or of their own free will . The thing about Kerching ! is that it 's a children 's show , FOR CHILDREN so obviously if your older it is going to seem cheesy , forced , and probably stupid . I even found one person saying the sets were stupid , but I remember as an eight year old wondering why Taj had ikea icecube moulds on his wall , and also wondering if my parents would let me stick some on mine ( they did n't ) . Yeah , it can be annoying , the acting could be better and some of the characters do really weird things with their hair , but as a kids show , I rate it 10/10 . Compared to the stuff they air in its place today , well , lets just say I wish it 'd be re - aired . DVD release , anyone ?
1 I 've noticed that a lot of people who post on the " Kerching ! " board seem to hate this show , which I actually find very surprising . I think it 's one of the best British kids ' shows there is . It 's a shame it 's ending because it 's very funny ( if a bit cheesy sometimes ) and has great characters . The main character is a little like Del Boy , although quite a lot smarter . With his 2 best friends he tried to make a million pounds for his mum by starting an online business and adopting a pseudonym of " Rudeboy " . His friends are Seymour ( who likes to cook ) and Danny ( who is simple minded and the comic relief character ) . Throughout the show , some characters have left and new ones have come in , but it 's always been entertaining and improving .
1 I 've read reviews of Kerching on IMDb , and frankly , I've not seen one positive review , until now . I actually like Kerching . Kerching is about a teenage boy named Taj Lewis , in order to make £ 1,000,000 for his mother , he sets up a website called rudeboy . The website offers a lot of interesting things , if only Taj , and his 2 friends - Danny and Seymour can stop Taj from getting exposed . I find this show quite funny and I enjoy watching it . The acting is O.K. , but it can definitely be better , the characters are funny , especially Danny Spooner , Taj 's friend , his stupidity is what makes him funny . and Taj 's other friend Seymour . Also Carlton , the owner of the café'e called " The Chill . " We never see him , we only hear him . Taj 's younger brother Omar , and his older sister Missy is funny too . And Missy 's best friend Kareesha . So many times Taj 's has almost got exposed , almost . As well as the comedy , the drama in Kerching such as love life and the loss of loved ones makes this programme great .
1 The Internet Database lists this as a TV show . And yes , it was a series on MTV shown on the " Oddities " program , after " The Head " and before " Aeon Flux " if I recall correctly . But the version I watched this time was a VHS tape with all the episodes run together into a film without annoying credits in between or having to wait a week for the next fifteen minutes.<br /><br />You have the story of the Maxx , Julie Winters , Sarah and Mr. Gone . The Maxx is a super - hero or a bum , Julie a social worker or a leopard queen , Sarah a girl who should listen to less of The Smiths and Mr. Gone a guy who ca n't seem to keep his head on . And then there 's the other weird creatures ... <br /><br />I use " or " with Maxx and Julie , because part of the fun is trying to figure out which parts of the story are real and which are dreams . Maybe they 're all real or dreams . Maybe one of the characters does n't exist . Maybe only one exists and dreams of the others . You 'll have to wait and find out.<br /><br />I had the comic books before the show came out , and it was one of my favorites . The artwork was spectacular and the story was original -- unlike anything you 'll find in Superman or Batman . It will bend your mind , and has strong adult overtones without being obscene or offensive . And the show used basically the same exact artwork ( only now it moves ) and the same story ... guaranteeing that the beauty intrinsically found in the comic would be faithfully reproduced . This was the best show to appear on " Oddities " , hands down.<br /><br />If you like comics of a darker nature or need a good mind trip , this is a show to check out . It 's " Donnie Darko " before there was ever such a thing.<br /><br />The most astonishing thing is that this never went on to become another movie or television series , but I do n't say this in disappointment . By keeping it simple , they have sealed this movie in gold and kept it free from the blemishes brought on by successive failures .
1 " Most of us at least inhabit two worlds , the real world where we are at the mercy of circumstances and the world within , the unconscious , a safe place where we can escape ... " With those words , Mr .Gone introduces inside the world of " The Maxx " a fascinating world where the fantasy and the reality are combined . Inspired in the comic books of Sam Kieth , " The Maxx " is very faithful to the material in what it was inspired , not only in the story but also in the graphic style , that look like the pages of the comic , giving this show a surreal and unique appearance . But also , the story it 's interesting and entertaining .At moments it could turn too weird , but when you got inside it , it 's hard to get out of it . The story and the characters are wonderfully developed . The music goes perfectly with the style of the show and give it the proper atmosphere . Unfortunately , like many good animated shows , this one was short -lived . " The Maxx " is a must see . It 's one of my all -time favorites .
1 The Maxx is a deep psychological introspective lightly camouflaged as a weird - out superhero story . Julie Winters is a " freelance social worker " in an unnamed filthy city , ridden with crime , and she and everyone she knows has a lot of issues to work through . The Maxx is her friend and client , a street bum who thinks he 's a costumed superhero - or is it the other way around?<br /><br />The Maxx is not to be missed for the artwork , the story itself , or the excellent voice work - particularly the late Barry Stigler 's deliciously urbane , drippingly evil voicing of the main villain , Mr. Gone.<br /><br />If you get the chance to see this , do n't miss it .
1 For starters , I did n't even know about this show since a year or so because of the internet . I have not once seen it on TV before in my country , and a lot of people do not usually know about this show . It is a pity though , because this is easily the most original and clever animation I have witnessed in years.<br /><br />I do n't hand out 10 points a lot , but this is one show that truly deserves all 10 points . Even though at first glance this might seem like a typical cartoon but keep in mind that this is not a kids - show though . When the complete story unfolds itself , you know that this is a real deep storyline , with a spiritual message . This spiritual part of the story is largely based off spirit - animals , a old Indian believe that has been preserved for many years . This gives the show a original twist that you ca n't often find in animated shows.<br /><br />The overall design is also something very different . At times it resembles Spawn a bit in terms of gritty design , and other times it takes on a more cartoony approach . I believe David Feiss who also created and directed Cow and Chicken animated a segment in the show ( as he also drew that segment in the comic).<br /><br />If you are looking for a mind - twisting show , a show that takes on various subjects such as reality , suicide , spirituality , life , then this is something you should not miss . Once you begin watching , you are probably going to watch it to the end . One minor fact may be that the show takes on less material from the comic , but this is not too annoying . The only question remains though , where is the DVD ? !
1 Despite its budget limitations , this is a great film , proof that effort and imagination can overcome lack of cash . The opening , in which cave - paintings seem to show how some dinosaurs at least survived into the age of human beings , is a nice red herring . After that , a meteor comes down into a lake and causes heat which , in turn , causes the hatching of a frozen dinosaur egg ( maybe the cave - paintings suggest instead that this is n't the first time such a thing has happened ) . When the prehistoric beast appears , it 's a well - animated Plesiosaur which is soon causing disappearances in the local area . Alright , so it 's not Jurassic Park , but it 's still genuine entertainment for fans of monster movies .
1 A meteor crashes into Crater Lake , the heat from the impact causing a prehistoric egg to hatch.<br /><br />Alright , so the plot is just trash . But despite its obvious low budget , this comes across as one of the most gripping and entertaining monster - on - the - loose films in existence . There are also some good moments of humor . In an age filled so - called ' monsters ' which are no more than laughable men - in - rubber - suit creations or lizards dressed up in frills and forced to rip each other to pieces ( cheap exploitation - style ) , it 's refreshing to discover that the Plesiosaur in this little gem is an excellent Harryhausen - style stop - motion creature.<br /><br />Quite a hard film to find , but it 's worth finding .
1 One of my all - time favorite so - laughably - lousy - that - it's - totally - lovable el cheapo and stinko nickel'n'dime independent horror creature features , an enjoyably dreadful marvel that was released by the formidably fecund exploitation outfit Crown International Pictures so it could play numerous crappy double bills at countless drive - ins back in the 70 's and eventually wound up being rerun like crazy on several small - time secondary cable stations throughout the 80 's . I naturally first saw this gloriously ghastly abomination on late - night television one fateful Saturday evening while in my early teens and have had a deep - seated , albeit completely irrational abiding fondness for it ever since.<br /><br />A meteorite falls out of the sky and crashes into the still waters of a tranquil country lake , thereby causing a heretofore dormant dinosaur egg to hatch . Of course , the baby dino immediately grows into a gigantic waddling , grunting , teeth - gnashing prehistoric behemoth with goofy flippers , an extended neck and a huge mouth full of little sharp , jagged , stalagmite - like chompers . Our Southern - fried male cousin to the Loch Ness Monster promptly starts chowing down on various luckless local yokel residents of a previously quiet and sleepy hillbilly resort town . It 's up to drippy stalwart sheriff Richard Cardella , assisted by the painfully idiotic hayseed comic relief brotherly fishing guide duo of Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel , feisty gal pal Kacey Cobb and terminally insipid nerdy scientist Bob Hyman , to get to the bottom of things before the over - sized gluttonous Jurassic throwback ruins the tourist trade by eating all the campers and fisherman that the hick hamlet makes its cash off of.<br /><br />Director / co - screenwriter William R. Stromberg displays a wonderfully woeful and thoroughly clueless incompetence when it comes to pacing , atmosphere , taut narrative construction and especially eliciting sound , credible acting from his hopelessly all - thumbs rank amateur community theater level cast . The performances are uniformly abysmal : Cardella is way too bland and wooden to cut it as a solid heroic lead while the pitifully dopey redneck comic antics of Roberts and Seigel provoke groans of slack - jawed disbelief -- you are n't laughing with these two atrociously mugging clods so much as at them , particularly when the insufferable imbeciles discover a severed head bobbing up and down in the murky lake water . Better yet , a clumsily integrated sub - plot concerning a vicious on - the - loose criminal leads to a spectacularly ham - fisted supermarket hold - up scene which degenerates into a hilariously stupid mini - massacre when a young lady shopper interrupts the stick - up artist in mid - robbery ! A subsequent car chase is likewise severely bungled as well ; it 's so limply staged and unimpressive that one feels more relieved than scared when the monster abruptly pops up to devour the nefarious fugitive . Moreover , David Allen 's funky herky - jerky stop motion animation dinosaur is the authentic gnarly article , projecting a certain raw charisma , sneaky reptilian personality and overall forceful screen presence which makes all the horrendously underwhelming human characters seem like pathetically unbecoming nobody bores in comparison . And as for the rousing conclusion where the sheriff takes on our slavering beastie with a bulldozer , the operative word for this thrilling confrontation is boffo all the way .
1 C'mon people , look at the title ! LOL ! I remember seeing this movie on Saturday Late Night Creature Features years ago . It 's a great , cheesy monster flick with hilariously bad acting and two wonderfully moronic hillbillies that add to the schlock factor . The 2 redneck boat rental guys are the movie ! LOL , and you 'll love the boat scene where the English guy and his wife are talking about all the stars and it 's midday and sunny . Bloody hilarious ! ! ! You can tell they just did n't care about plot , they just wanted to blow through the filming of the movie as fast as possible . Bottom line , you 'll love it if you love 70 's schlock .
1 A meteor drops from the sky and reawakens a plesiosaur that long ago used to terrorize the area around Crater Lake . As the monster eats the locals they try and find away of killing the monster.<br /><br />Recent attempts at sending up old horror and science fiction films like Lost Skeleton of Cadavra and Alien Trespass are kind of rendered moot when you have films like Crater Lake Monster available for screening . It 's the sort of film that those films spoof and send up only this is the real deal . Its everything those films try to be only with out the tongue in cheek and its so much more fun because of it . This is a real drive - in sort of film that had the unfortunate luck of coming just as Star Wars changed the way we look at special effects . The monster , a mix of stop motion and a life size head , is a charmingly quaint little beast . The filmmakers spoil the audience with frequent shots of the monster and its mayhem . Sure its clear that its all fake , but is n't movies about suspension of disbelief ? Actually I think its about really cool monsters , which this has.<br /><br />I like this movie in a low budget drive in sort of a way . If you want a real authentic drive in monster movie look no farther . This would be perfect for a double or triple feature with similar lake monster films ( Boggy Creek etc . )
1 Since I am so interested in lake monsters i really dug this movie . This movie is worth a see . If you like the so awful they are good types of films check it out . The effects are really good as well just think " Land of the Lost " . I originally watched this movie in the early 90 's maybe more like 89/90 on a local channel monster show called " Morgus Presents " . I did n't scare me but I was 8 and anything B felt more like an A. Years later I seen it on DVD at a local Circuit City and bought it immediately so I can give it a 9 because it has a personal spot in my heart right there with The Monster Squad and Gremlins . Good B movie fun for all ages .
1 I used to watch this show as a child , and I loved it ! I watched it when it came on Toonami YEARS ago .... Sheesh , I sound so old ! I must 've been 13 or 14 when it came on ... But anyways , it had a great plot line , and I 'm one of those girlie - girls who watched ( and ADORED ) Sailormoon , and I enjoyed it very much . The animation was n't the best .... Quite amusing in some parts , actually , and the voice acting was EXTREMELY lame in the beginning , but it was all a good watch , and I found myself sucked into it day after day.<br /><br />Samurai Troopers / Ronin Warriors is a classic , and an all - time one of my faves . Go Ryo ! ! ! !
1 This is one of those movies that you happen across when you 're channel surfing on a Saturday afternoon , and you get drawn into it and end up watching the whole thing . I thought that it was well acted and it really made me feel for the characters . Though it 's a bit slow moving , focusing more on the relationships between Bonnie and Clyde and their family members , it never got boring . We do n't really see too much of all the robberies that they were so legendary for , and instead most of the shootouts take place when they 're ambushed by the police . I thought Tracey Needham , who played Bonnie , really did a good job with her character . Going from a nice country girl to a cold - blooded killer is a challenging thing to portray , and I enjoyed the subtlety she brought to the role.<br /><br />Overall , an above average effort , especially considering it was a made for TV movie .
1 this was the best bonnie and clyde movie i have seen . it has more accurate accounts of what happened and while it does nt glorify their crimes it casts the pair in a normal light . i give this movie a 10 . it has great actors , realistic scenes and excellent writers .
1 Will all of you please lay the hell off Todd Sheets ! ? ! Let 's give you $ 30,000 to make a movie and see what you come up with ! The guy got 735 zombies and a regular cast to work for FREE ! Sure the acting is laughable at times . Yes the make - up is not greatest you 'll ever see . But it 's not the worst either , if you want to see that , go watch Zombie Nation with it 's raccoon zombies.<br /><br />This is pure , good old fashioned Guerilla Film - making ! Todd is a consummate professional , and an all around nice guy . There are holes in the plot , yes . The plot does seem far - fetched . But what the hell , I still love this movie . I wish Todd Sheets would come out of hiding and do the remake of this that he was going to . If anyone has ever tried to make a movie , they know that just finishing it , is an achievement in and of itself .
1 A meltdown at a nuclear power plant causes a majority of people to turn into lethal , rot - faced , shambling zombies who naturally go on a grisly rampage . A ragtag handful of uninfected folks do their best to survive this grueling ordeal . Director / co - writer / producer Todd Sheets displays an appealingly sincere love and passion for go - straight - for - the - throat lively and gruesome horror fare : he maintains an unflagging snappy pace throughout , fills the screen with wall - to - wall crazy action , and thankfully keeps the terrible dialogue to a pleasing minimum . Moreover , Sheets certainly does n't skimp on the gloriously graphic and excessive over - the - top splatter : this picture delivers a tasty truckload of flesh melting , evisceration , lots of gut munching , one dude has his heart yanked out , and there 's even a nice impalement on a tree branch . Sheets earns bonus points for keeping the tone grim and nasty to the literal bitter end ( for example , almost all of the main characters wind up becoming zombie chow ) . Granted , this flick has its fair share of flaws : the ragged editing , several ham - fisted attempts at pathos , and the largely awful acting from a rank no - name cast all leave a good deal to be desired . Top thespic honors go to the pretty and perky Kasey Rausch for her winningly spunky portrayal of the resourceful Daria Trumillio . Frank Dunlay likewise does well as rugged take - charge army veteran Ralph Walsh . Best of all , Sheets ' sure grasp of an infectiously slambang sense of unrelenting headlong momentum and obvious affinity for the horror genre ensure that this remains a total blast to watch from start to finish .
1 So , Todd Sheets once stated that he considers his 1993 , shot - on - video Z - epic , Zombie Bloodbath to be his first feature film . Anyone who 's ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue that statement is . I mean , what makes this one that much more superior ? Well , then again , Zombie Rampage does n't include that mullet guy , now does it ? < br /><br />For one to comprehend exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered worth a damn , one must remember what the 90 's were like for lovers of bad horror . A decade that all but said goodbye to B and Z - cinema as we knew it . Technological advances , awkward trends , and the internet would abolish the mysterious charms of the s.o.v . 's big - boxed golden years . And anything remotely resembling quality schlock was all too self - aware for it 's own good , basically defeating the purpose . Luckily , not everyone changes with the times . Enter Zombie Bloodbath.<br /><br />And I guess this is the part where I explain the same exact premise from 500 other zombie flicks from the last 40 years . Alright , so , Some kind of accident at a nuclear plant infects everyone in sight , turning them into flesh - eating zombies , who go on a rampage , inflicting some of the most gruesome , yet humorous gore - scenes of the 90 's . The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the most awkward - sounding conversations you could imagine . Conversations that let you know that this is n't just a low - budget zombie flick , this is a Z - grade disasterpiece , fella . plenty Hysterical , non - existent acting to go around , and that goes triple for Mr. Mullet . That guy is truly the highlight of the night.<br /><br />The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers Zombie Bloodbath to be THAT superior to Zombie Rampage , amuses me to no end . I mean really , both are complete jokes on celluloid , but then again , so is Redneck Zombies , so , obviously Todd Sheets is in the company of awsomeness . By 1993 , a movie this bad would no doubt , be a full - blast spoof , but Mr. Sheets stands his ground , giving us some good old fashion schlock , the way it was meant to be , unaware , clueless , and pointless . God bless Todd Sheets . For anyone seeking surprisingly worthwhile 90 's B - Horror , Leif Jonker 's Darkness should be at the top of your list . As for Zombie Bloodbath , if you 're a gorehound who got bored sometime around 1990 , then ' 93 would be the perfect time to pick up . 8/10
1 Just got my copy of this DVD two disc set and while not perfect , I found the overall experience to be a fun way to waste some time . I have to say right up front that I am a huge fan of Zombie movies , and I truly think that the fine people who made these films must be too . I also have a soft spot for people who are trying , sometimes against all odds , to live a dream . And again , these people are doing it . Is this some award - winning collection of amazing film ? No . Not even close . But for what they do on their meager budgets , these films should be recommended . For me , the bottom line is always , was I entertained ? Did I have a good time with this movie ? And here the answer to both was " Yes . " The first in the series is also the most raw . It opens with some kind of accident at a nuclear facility and people melt down or something . Cut to some years later and a new housing community is built over the old reactor site . Some kids making a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the bottom levels of the facility . They get rescued , but the hole is not sealed and the people from the opening start lumbering out of the hole . Soon , the whole town is overtaken by the undead . And these zombies are fun . They go from cool rot makeup to the cheapest slap on white - face ever , but they are fun . The whole movie culminates in a showdown between the final survivors of the area and the undead , with our heroes going into the reactor 's lower levels to take out the flesh eating zombies and seal the hole forever ! Pretty cheesy , but I think it was meant to be . Still , it moves very fast , has buckets of gruesome effects and really tries to have some style . The acting is uneven , but a few good performances shine through and one really should listen to the commentary track . I went back and watched it again with that on and found it to be a good bit of information on the trials and fun that the crew and cast experienced on the movie . Director Todd Sheets seems pretty proud of this , his first film , but also has no delusions . He knows it 's a trashy zombie movie , but he does show respect to people involved . Also , Sheets has a great sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn from in the movie field . The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well . I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for . There are some great interviews and behind the scenes footage , mixed with news stories about the film from some major places like CNN , FOX and MTV . Over all , a fun little film that is VERY rough around the edges , but still had me laughing and enjoying the ride ! I have seen many DV films , and some shot of video films , and many are quite dull , but this one really was n't . While newer DV films are technically superior , they just are n't fun ! Overall , this is a solid , if a bit flawed , release with plenty of extras and TONS of gore and splatter . While not breaking any grand rules of move making , I found the series to be fun and always a laugh , so I give this set a solid recommendation . Todd Sheets was not trying to make award winning art here folks , he was trying , sometimes against all odds it seems , to make fun zero budget , splattery horror and to that end , he has succeeded in spades .
1 Zombie Bloodbath is a movie made by zombie fans for zombie fans with a true love of the Horror genre . As I understand it from the commentary and things I have read , it was made during the huge Midwest flood of 1993 when half of Missouri was underwater . Buildings were under water . cars and houses were underwater . One article said that zombies and the crew from this movie would help sandbag the river after shooting each day . The fact this movie got made at all is a miracle . It is like a huge mashing of every zombie movie ever made put through a Troma filter . It is a party movie to enjoy with friends who like loads of splatter and goofy characters . And it is fast paced and energetic and really funny.<br /><br />A toxic spill accident in a nuclear power facility causes people to melt down or turn into zombies . The local Government covers it up , tears down the factory and builds houses over it . Some ground shifting ( ? ) causes a cave opening to develop and some new residents find the cave and unleash the undead on the newly built community . From there it just gets crazy and gory and fun.<br /><br />I have read these reviews on here a few times . And it seems obvious to me that the same person attacked this fun little movie three times as a different reviewer , using fake names . They use the same words and sentences . Zombie Bloodbath is cheap . It is raw . It has some bad acting . So does half the movies made . There is much much WORSE out there than this fun movie . If you hate this film so much , do n't buy it . There is no need for personal attacks and to call the crew or cast " Trailer Trash . " And it is obvious you are not from Australia or England . It is just upsetting that this great service , the IMDb does not catch people using it just to trash others . There are bad reviews and good reviews , and I do n't mind those . I give both bad and good reviews myself . But it is painfully obvious that some fool just wants to use this forum to personally attack the director of this movie . Sad.<br /><br />Some of these so called " Reviewers " even basically sue their " review " just to promote their own movies . One called this film Boring - well , love it or hate it , one thing you can NEVER say about this film is that it is boring . It moves fast and never has a dull spot.<br /><br />Oh and this reviewer from The Netherlands ? ? ? Um - LIAR . You tried to post this same review at Amazon and it got yanked there . The SAME review only it said it was from Missouri.<br /><br />This nonsense HAS to stop . Love it or Hate it - give it a real review or type nothing . It is obvious you have not seen the films.<br /><br />But for the record , I have and though this one is not nearly the best that I have seen , it is far from the worst . And even the worst I would give an actual REVOEW and would not attack the director personally.<br /><br />Hope this review helps some people see through the stupidity going on here .
1 I originally reviewed this film on Amazon about 6 or 7 years ago , and blasted it . I believe I called it " wretched " and a " turkey . " Okay , well , by most standards , it 's still a turkey . It 's got almost no production values , what little plot there is makes almost no sense , and the acting is on the level of a third - grade play . That said , this has really grown on me over the years as a sort of camp classic . In fact , all of director Todd Sheets ' films have had this effect . They 're almost like Ed Wood in that regard : Watch them over and over and pick out the flubbed lines , continuity errors ( same zombie , two different locations ! ) , and other flaws.<br /><br />I'll say this : Sheets is a very nice guy , and while this , one of his first productions , is n't that great , he has gotten better . And I must add that the only really decent actor / actress in the film is Kasey Rousch , though I may be biased , as I attended school with her .
1 < br /><br />I have to admit to enjoying bad movies . I love them I watch all of them . Horror especially . My friends and I all gather after a hard week at school and work , rent some crazy tapes , order a pizza and have a blast . One of the ones we got at Hollywood Video , was this one , Zombie Bloodbath . This one had a great box , so I was expecting less than usual.<br /><br />The story is about a housing project that is built over a nuclear facility that has had the above - ground layers bulldozed , and the other underground layers are simply covered up . The inhabitants of this neighborhood find the covered up facility when some kids fall into a hole inside a cave . This wakes up some zombies.<br /><br />From this point on , it 's chunk - city . The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.<br /><br />OK , it 's not great art , but this one , with it 's in - joke dialogue and over - the - top gruesome stuff was our favorite of the evening . Actually , it was one of the best " party tapes " I have ever had the pleasure of watching . And you could tell it was done on no money , with a bunch of crazy people . There are hundreds of zombies , and the Director looks like Brendan Frazer ( he has a cameo ) and it is just a wild trip .
1 I have to admit to enjoying bad movies . I love them I watch all of them . Horror especially . My friends and I all gather after a hard week at school and work , rent some crazy tapes , order a pizza and have a blast . This one had a great box , so I was expecting less than usual.<br /><br />The story is about a housing project that is built over a nuclear facility that has had the above - ground layers bulldozed , and the other underground layers are simply covered up . The inhabitants of this neighborrhood find the covered up facility when some kids fall into a hole inside a cave . This wakes up some zombies.<br /><br />From this point on , it 's chunk - city . The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.<br /><br />OK , it 's not great art , but this one , with its in - joke dialogue and over - the - top gruesome stuff was our favorite of the evening . Actually , it was one of the best " party tapes " I have ever had the pleasure of watching . And you could tell it was done on no money , with a bunch of crazy people . There are hundreds of zombies , and the Director looks like Brendan Frazer ( he has a cameo ) and it is just a wild trip .
1 I swear , that zombie was killed like twice , and kept coming back . I gave this movie an 8 . Let 's face it folks , this is exactly what the other reviewers are saying , i.e. , a " handy - cam " , shot film . Hey , hey , hey , welcome to total indy film making . The fact that Todd Sheets got over 700 zombies to appear in this movie is a tribute to his talents . Yes , the story has gaps , yes , we see the same zombies over and over again , but who really cares ? Take it for what it is , a fun and gory horror film , one to share with your buds , or to gross out the people you really care about LOL . Mellow out people , I suppose you all liked hunks of garbage like " Titanic " or " Twister " instead . Peace , and support independent film making ! ! !
1 My room - mate ordered this one off of the web a while back and I finally got around to watching it . It is gross . It is cheezy . It is pretty dumb ... but it is also a lot of fun . I mean , this was the most fun we have had watching a movie like this since " City Of The Walking Dead " ages ago . It was like being at the old Drive - In Theater again ! You could tell the guy who made this movie liked all the horrible dubbed zombie movies . This one has all the cliches and tricks from those films rolled into one , and it 's neat because it is SUPPOSE to be like that . The cheeze factor is high , the gore flows and the laughs roll ! The effects go from sloppy to good , with the one where the guy gets torn in half and the one where a guy gets his heart shoved through his chest both being excellent ! The acting goes from terrible to actually pretty good . There is not much plot , just lots and lots of gore . This one is patterned after the zombie movies from Italy and Spain I think , because they linger on the gross scenes forever , like this movie . If you like Troma movies , cheezy B - grade stuff , then you can do no wrong watching this one . A nice way to waste a Friday night !
1 In the early 1970s , many of us who had embraced hippy / acid / alternative culture wholeheartedly , had realised that mainstream society was not going to change in the way we thought it would . For me this film defined the tension of " now what ? " that many of the people I knew felt at that time . Do we head for the commune and create our own vision of utopia or do we radicalize and push for change?<br /><br />From the futile gestures to police , the radical rhetoric , the music of Pink Floyd , to the love - making and the explosive images in the desert - so much is in there . It captures well a significant moment in time .
1 All of the reviews here about how much ZP lacks plot , the acting is wooden , the orgy scene makes no sense , etc . , all miss the main point.<br /><br />Let 's be honest . This is a movie made in the heady times of late 1960s and early 1970s Los Angeles . It is a movie meant to be watched while your are H - I - G - H out of your mind on some psychedelic substance.<br /><br />Find some kind bud and smoke up , or get a mild hit of acid . Seriously , these straight and sober reviews of ZP miss the point . You ca n't get anything out of this movie in a straight frame of mind.<br /><br />Until you 've watched this movie on the big screen ( which I am lucky to have done three times in the 1990s when ZP was quite rare ) tripping out , you have no idea what this movie is all about.<br /><br />If you insist on watching it not intoxicated , you can at least appreciate the ending when the crap blows up to the soundtrack of Pink Floyd 's wonderful re - working of " Careful With That Axe , Eugene , " " Come in Number 51 , Your Time Is Up . "
1 Watching this again after a gap of many years and remembering the flop it was upon its original release , I am surprised at how well it has held up . One of the reasons for its failure was that one generation just thought it was over indulgent crap and a younger one was disappointed that it did not show the full hippy glory . Seen now it is clear that Antonioni was already aware of and fascinated by the heady mix of fervent enthusiasm for change and a lack of any clear vision for the future . The lead pair are excellent and it is shameful that they took so much flak for the film 's perceived failure . They are ideal and convey perfectly the various contradictions and demonstrate a pure delight in lovemaking . I blame others for the over emphasis on the student revolt sequences at the start but have to say that from there on in this is one of the directors most beautiful looking pictures and he certainly got the very best out of the man made and natural landscapes . Oh , and I have n't even mentioned the highly explosive ending .
1 Antonioni was aiming for another hip masterpiece , this time on the other side of the Atlantic than " Blow up " . It wasn´t the success with critics and youth like the former though . Why ? Maybe because it was a European´s view of America filled with clichés that didn´t work then and that have not aged well . ( The revolutionary students at the beginning is embarrassing.)<br /><br />Maybe when it was released big blockbuster movies and those aimed specifically at the youth market seemed dated . If it had been released a year before maybe hippes in deserts would have seemed fresh ... It´s a very interesting film tho , very beautifully shot with some brilliant and Antonionian scenes in between , like the love - making in the desert , the stillness of the desert mansion and the explosive ending ... That the leads were two amateurs didn´t help . They were beautiful but inexperienced . Mark Freshette is slightly better than Daria Halprin . It would have been so much better with proper actors ! Maybe Michelle Phillips or a young Jessica Lange ... The dialog is actually quite funny and poignant at times , tho you wouldn´t know the way the lines are delivered ... <br /><br />A very intersting document of the late sixties definitely worth a look for the photography and the soundtrack ....
1 for my opinion , the middle of the film , specially the love scene is a bit too long , but the whole time you can imagine this desert feeling . but the best , what made this film unforgettable are the great explosion pictures , their color , slowmotion and the pink floyd music are unique in filmhistory!<br /><br />destruction in its propper and popular form .
1 " Zabriskie Point " ( 1970 ) : This was especially interesting to me on a personal level , since it takes place under identical circumstances , with identical peers , in my own life – the Counter Culture movement of the late 60's / early 70 's , on and off campus . We follow two unrelated young people in separate stories , who are slowly woven together . One is a young man in Los Angeles , tired of all the endless , pseudo - revolutionary jabber in the classrooms and lunchrooms of his campus , and , the other , a young woman driving to Phoenix to see her father & employer , and take on an " establishment " job . The film is FULL of our Italian director 's ( Michelangelo Antonioni ) visual notations of America , and , the confused , psychedelicrazies of that era 's self - righteous , " we know it all , we 'll change everything for the better " youth . Just who IS the " revolutionary " ? What does that REALLY mean ? Do you dress like one and march around chanting ? Do you " fly in under the radar " but give advance notice of your arrival ? Do you keep your plans to yourself , and go about the business of change , with no need for group approval ? " Zabriskie Point " is definitely a " period piece " - full of slang , uniforms , somewhat surreal film moments ( after all , this is a film by the man who gave us the amazing " Blow Up " of 1966 ) , and the era 's artifacts , but it is more . It presents options for cultural revolution , and going by Antonioni ( who DOES seem to be supportive of it ) , the youth are too self - involved to see what is needed for radical success . Because of this , it becomes a powerful , frightening film that applies to anyone , any time , any place .
1 Mark Frechette stars as Mark , a college radical leftist . Mark is accused of killing a cop during a campus riot , and he flees all the way to the desert . He does so by stealing a small plane at the local airport , and flies it himself . < br /><br />Once out flying over the desert , Mark spots a car from the air . A young woman named Daria steps out , and sees Mark circling in the plane . Mark swoops the plane very low several times , causing Daria to duck or get hit . When he lands , he becomes acquainted with Daria , who is strangely charmed by Mark 's aerial highjinks . < br /><br />After engaging in soulful conversation for hours , Mark and Daria get naked , and make love in the sand . But with Mark evading the law , they realize that he needs to keep running . So Mark and Daria 's brief tryst is quite poignant , because it does n't get to develop into a full - blown romance.<br /><br />Zabriski Point was the Eraserhead of the early 70s . Both films have a rambling , vague quality , along with complicated meanings and characters . Frechette was as reckless in person , as his character was in this film . A few years after making Zabriski Point , Frechette robbed a bank in real life . While serving his prison sentence , Mark died an ignoble death . He was killed by a 150 lb . weight , which fell on him when he was weightlifting . < br /><br />The best thing about this movie was the splendid cinematography , and special visual effects . The incredible , slow - motion scenes of debris floating in the air after an explosion , were a stroke of genius . Although not as ground - breaking a film as Easy Rider was , Zabriski Point still resonated with the early 70s counterculture . I recommend it , for those who like avant - guard films which showcase the upheaval , of the youth rebellion during the early 70s .
1 When I saw the film for the first time in the early 1970s , I was in awe of this film . Visually it was stunning and the events on campuses in Europe and USA made you relate with what Antonioni was trying to say so well visually in the final 15 minutes of the movie : blowing up in your mind the " tyrannical " establishments and big business interests . The repeated blowing up of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert , the lead female character enjoying the natural stream of cold water , painting a plane in psychedelic designs ( even the staid British Airways did it a few years ago ) are some of the images that were copied by advertising personnel all over the world for decades . Even Pink Floyd increased their fan following after the film was released.<br /><br />You see this film some 30 years later and you begin to wonder why the same film has lost its appeal . Today anti - establishment films have more substance -- facts , documentation , fine performances , and superb screenplays . Antonioni seems to be out - of - date ; a flawed genius . Even viewing Antonioni 's " Blow Up " today gives you the similar feeling that he is passe.<br /><br />"Zabriski Point " has to be evaluated for what it was when it was released . It was a great film if you were to see it on a wide Panavision screen as opposed to the dwarfed TV screens . The visual and aural ( Mick Jagger , Kieth Richards , Pink Floyd , et al . ) allure of the film still remains . The lead pair were not great actors but they were cute and natural . One of them ( Mark Frechette ) died in prison in USA extending the reality of the non - conformist values he personified in the film.<br /><br />Today , Antonioni seems out of " sync . " But watch carefully and you will appreciate the muted sounds of the regular actors -- Rod Taylor , G.D. Spradling , the ladies at the swimming pool , the cops at the air - strip . The real sounds in contrast are from the non - conformists . Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago but his grasp of the medium can not be questioned even today . He knew what he was doing .
1 If you have not heard of this film from Walt Disney Pictures , do not worry about it . It would be classed along the other films by Disney that are meant for educational purposes like " Family Planning".<br /><br />It was co - produced with Kotex to teach pre - teen girls about Menstruation , supposably . It only educates at a superficial level , so it does not go into heavy detail for the animated " Ram 's Head"/ Reproductive System sequence.<br /><br />The film does show " The Wonderful World of Disney " elements like the turning of the page and the use of animation to tell the story.<br /><br />This film is impossible to find , so if you can find the film , best luck to you and enjoy .
1 When I saw this as a child , it answered all of my questions and dispelled any fears or misconceptions that I had . It is easy to watch because it is animated , which makes it unthreatening . It has no moral bias or " preachy " aspects , so nobody should have any objections to it . It is a pleasant film that simply gives the facts of menstruation in a reassuring , " matter - of - fact " way . I hope to show it to my daughter .
1 Although this film is somewhat sanitized ( because it was made at a time when people just did n't talk about sex ) , it is an extremely helpful short film to show prepubescent girls so they know what to expect during menstruation . Not surprisingly , it was paid for by the Kotex company , though what may surprise many is that Disney made this film -- as they made a lot of educational films during the 1940s-60s . However well made the film is , though , I think the film maker 's missed a real opportunity . Instead of the nice female narrator 's voice and the relatively bland visuals it would have been GREAT if they 'd used Minnie Mouse and the rest of the Disney gang ! ! I know this would have given old Walt a heart attack , but wow that would have been a great film ! By the way , although the notion of sex is barely hinted at in the film , it DOES adequately explain menstruation in general . However , it does lack some details ( especially about intercourse ) that I assume were included in the accompanying booklet.<br /><br />Now if only I can figure out why I watched a cartoon about menstruation .
1 The entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non - threatening and non - medical way that even preteen children can easily understand . It dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days ( 1946 ) While sex is not explicitly mentioned , the part about fertilization is . This is also , purportedly , the first Hollywood production to ever use the word " vagina " in the dialogue.<br /><br />It is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day . Many of the Betty Boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either . Max Fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the Betty Boop cartoons which required frame - by - frame viewing to find them.<br /><br />There is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is . In fact , there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning Kotex and Kimberly - Clark Corporation.<br /><br />This title is nearly impossible to attain ; but for those who are Bittorrent downloaders , it can be found out there in the ether . This is one of those " keepers " that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity .
1 Heart pounding erotic drama are the words that come to mind when I think of " Secret Games " . It becomes more erotic as the film goes along and at one point blew me away ! I did n't expect the delightful scene I was about to encounter . The " call girl " has her first customer and what a customer ! One of the most erotic lesbian scenes I have ever seen . The husband should have listened to his wife and perhaps she would n't have gone on this erotic journey . It turned out to cost them in the end but , it was one exciting ride ! GO SEE THIS MOVIE ! ! !
1 This film had my heart pounding . The acting was great , the erotic music and the beautiful women add up to make this one a winner . The lead actress decides to join an escort service when she realizes that her husband has no time for her . She step 's into a whole new world her first client being another woman . This is a film you definitely DON'T want to pass up .
1 By no means a masterpiece , and far from Errol Flynn 's best , Istanbul still has much going for it . The locations and beautiful technicolour cinematography , bring us back to a time long since past . Errol Flynn does show moments of his past glory , and is OK as Jim Brennan , a pilot who 's past comes back to haunt him . The picture is actually a remake of 1947 's " Singapore " , and the story seems awfully contrived and cliche ' by today 's standards . Also many of the supporting cast seem to be simply " going through the motions " in this picture . Many people have also compared it to one of the all time greats , CASABLANCA . While watching the film , I could see many of the similarities , but hey , Casablanca has inspired countless imitators , so take that for what it 's worth . In closing , if you are a fan of Flynn , or old fashioned love stories , you might want to give this film a look . Otherwise , I 'd recommend Casablanca , or The Maltese Falcon , as a good introduction to some of Hollywood 's classics ....
1 Kristine Watts ( Molie Weeks ) is broken apart , missing her lover ; she is not able to overcome her love for him that is lost in the past . She hires a stranger ( Douglas Davis ) and gives a list of her mistakes to him with things to fix . But time is irreversible and sometimes the cure for the pain is a tragic end.<br /><br />The first point that impresses in " The Cure " is the stylish cinematography that alternates black and white with color . The concise and sharp screenplay is capable to develop a tragic and bleak tale of love with an unexpected plot point in the very end in less than eight minutes . The soundtrack is beautiful but the volume is a little loud and associated to the fact that English is not my native language , in some moments I needed to repeat some words whispered by the narrator . The unknown lead actress has magnificent performance and is extremely gorgeous . I hope to have a chance to see her again on the screen . Last but not the least , the debut of the director and writer Ryan Jafri could not be better . My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : Not Available
1 This is an odd film for me , as after I reviewed a nice film from a new film maker ( FAR OUT by Phil Mucci ) , another writer / director , Ryan Jafri , contacted me and asked me to watch and review his film , THE CURE . I do n't normally review films this way , but what the heck -- I love shorts and could n't wait to see another.<br /><br />Interestingly , while it turned out I did like THE CURE , I was not thrilled by it and let Jafri know . To his credit , he encouraged me to review it anyway -- giving it my honest appraisal.<br /><br />The film has tremendous style and as far as Jafri 's direction goes , it 's exceptional -- especially for such an inexperienced film maker ( it 's his first film ) . The combination of exceptional choices of color , pacing and music that well - suited the film created a great sense of atmosphere . You really are pulled into the film and that is a credit to the film making . However , the thing I did n't love was some of the writing . While the basic idea was great , the ending was just too easy to foresee . I really would have loved the ending had it come as more of a surprise or there to have been an unexpected twist . However , considering that this film is from someone who should n't be able to make such a professional film given his experience , it bodes well for his future . Good job .
1 The Cure is an amazing film ... So suspenseful and just so REAL ! I was lucky enough to catch a screening of ' The Cure ' at it 's NYC premiere and it completely blew me away ! I also heard it won an award from that particular festival , and it definitely deserved it . The first thing that struck out at me was the cinematography . Eric Giovon did an amazing job . The shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing . A love scene was necessary in this film , and Jafri got the point across but also kept the scene tasteful . Giovon and Jafri make an excellent creative team and they should definitely work together on future projects . Judy Maier 's narration was so surreal but simultaneously heart wrenching , it made me feel what the main character felt . I 'm a very tough critic but i must say The Cure is one of my favorite films .. JUST LOVE IT ! If you have n't seen it yet , check it out !
1 Let me start by saying I have never reviewed a movie on IMDb before ; however , I am in the video biz myself . And coming from that perceptive ; I can say , without a shadow of a doubt that this film is what a short should be . It has a very good story and another thing I love-(an even better twist ending ) . Opening was very well done , I loved video chosen for it and how it was edited.<br /><br />I am not a fan of B&W but the way this film uses the effect it works . And with any film that is all that matters . The flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done . From a technical side of things ( which is side I normally work on ) everything is also very well done . There is no major tech . stuff to point out . Only minor one I have is that the end credits are a little bouncy . This is probably due to a rendering issue . Let me also say that I would have prefer to seen more of the love scene but I am guy ( so you can chalk that up to a guy factor).<br /><br />So overall I rate it a 9/10 . It is worth the watch if you fan of Indies and/or short films.<br /><br />ps . sorry for bad grammar or spelling .
1 Time and time again , I 've stated that if people do n't want remakes or sequels made , they should stop seeing them and instead venture into the world of independent film . Having said that though , the last time I saw an independent film myself must have been easily six months ago . So here 's a review for an indie that I had my attention drawn to on Youtube ; the Cure.<br /><br />Right away , you can tell that the film is going for an avant - garde film approach which is telegraphed in its use of extreme close ups , scopophilia and fast editing . It is proud of the way it looks - and it has a right to be . For the most part it is a very nicely composed little piece , save for one inexcusable disregard for the 180 degree rule and a comically bad gunshot effect which is a phenomenon that seems to be THE calling card for self funded projects.<br /><br />Still , despite these amateurish mistakes the majority of the shots are actually a pleasure to look at . We 're presented with a good use of props and locations , good visual acting and some very atmospheric , fluid editing , which is made more commendable as this is definitely something you wo n't see very often at all from a Youtube submission . The plot is fragmented and although the basic premise is fairly simple some may find it hard to follow exactly what is happening , but what we are seeing here is avant - garde storytelling at work ; you ca n't really expect a straightforward three act structure and if you do you might not be ready for this kind of movie.<br /><br />Where the film is unfortunately let down however is the sound . What you 're going to hear throughout is a distorted voice - over which often sounds insincere and worse still is the continuous background music , which goes through minimal change and does n't add much to anything . So much attention is paid to the visuals that the audio frankly sounds neglected , and this becomes really apparent when you realize you 've just missed about four sentences of the narration and have to backtrack to pick up what slipped past your attention.<br /><br />So , give it a watch , but do it with the sound turned off.<br /><br />Last thought ; was anyone else reminded of the cover for Doug Naylor 's Red Dwarf novel " Last Human " early in the film ? If you have the book you know what I mean .
1 Not sure if it was right or wrong , but I read thru the other comments before watching the short . I have to say I disagree with most of the negative comments or problems people have had with it.<br /><br />As a first time " Lone Wolf " director / producer , I like to see things that I can aspire to , not necessarily from the pro 's , but by people just getting their feet wet like me.<br /><br />If indeed this is also from a first - timer , as I read , I applaud the effort . Marvelous job then in that respect ! There were some comments about the music . I thought it was quite nice for the piece . Some say it kind of droned along for a while , but I found that created tension without(us)necessarily being conscious of it , and when he pulled the gun out and the guitar started crunching chords , it was like we knew there was a train on the tracks , but realize it is just now moving . Yes there is a 180 degree slip / clip in there , but shi * happens . Did anyone else see Hugh 's dirty shirt turn white ( near the end , in the rain ) in " Australia " ? Look how much money and people were behind that movie ! Give the kid a break for Gods sake ! All in all I think it was very well done . Only 2 things I would have mentioned are hardly worth mentioning - Don't walk up to a shiny brass picture frame with the camera , and I would have just displayed the splatter at the beginning shots to a still shot , so people would n't necessarily know what it is.<br /><br />My experience so far has taught me that it 's not that it 's hard to make a movie , it just takes time to learn how to do it , then the time to actually do it , and then you better take some more time still to think of all the details you 'll need to have shot before you call " post - production time ! " IMHO , it looks like director / writer Ryan Jafri did his homework , and if this indeed is his first report card , I 'd give him an " A " . The rest of you report to the principals office for a whuppin ' .
1 I had pleasure to watch the short film " The Cure " , by first time director Ryan Jafri . What really impress me are the camera work and music.<br /><br />I think many young filmmakers ( as I myself am one of them ) would experience hard time with cinematography when just start making of an indie . We see the output are not exactly what we imaged or below our ambitions . But this film , directorial debut from a young director , handled very well on screen . The camera motion , color , lighting , compositing all contribute to the story and emotion of the film.<br /><br />And music , as a key element of film language , helps a great deal too.<br /><br />It 's hard to portray a woman 's heart , her desire , her fear , especially in a short . But still , I have to admit I am not a fan of v / o ( narration ) , especially when the film is advanced by narration , instead of shots and cuts . My personal feeling to some of the narrative part is , my guess was the narrator tried a bit too hard . So the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film.<br /><br />Overall , it 's a short film nicely done , I could see the input from a director . Way to go , Ryan ! Greeting from China , looking forward to your next.<br /><br />tim
1 The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood . Although the VO accounts for all of the film 's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story . The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story . The choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time . The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result . I was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film 's suspense . The close - ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye . The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot . The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do . Worth watching more than once !
1 I admit I had no idea what to expect before viewing this highly stylized piece . It could have been the cure for a zombie virus or the common cold for all I knew . It began with great visuals , little snippets to grab your attention and cause your imagination to run wild . As it continued I learned quickly through voice overs what was taking place . A nice little neo noir story that I felt was not a waist of a few minutes of my time . The little clues given to the audience through visuals at the beginning give them a sense of accomplishment as they piece together the plot . Along with a nice twist at the end its a cool package overall . The score , though not bad , gave the film almost a music video feel . It just felt a little dated , not adding anything to further the storyline . Some of the performances felt overly dramatic but fit perfectly with the feel of the overall piece . I walk away from this very satisfied . I was given a lot of information in a short period of time but through great editing and voice - over work it did n't feel rushed or pushed . Great job !
1 A sequel to Angels With Dirty Faces in name only , The Angels Wash Their Faces suffers somewhat from the usual shenanigans of the Dead End Kids . As a matter of fact , with the presence of the Dead End Kids and Ann Sheridan this should have been treated as an actual sequel to Angels With Dirty Faces , at least for continuity 's sake.<br /><br />Speaking of Ann Sheridan , she is the one true shining light of this movie . To paraphrase a cliché , Ann Sheridan could read from a phone book for two hours and I would buy the DVD!<br /><br />Another virtue of this movie is the chemistry between Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan . Unfortunately , this aspect of the film is kept too far in the background . For a better example of the Sheridan - Reagan duo I would recommend Juke Girl or Kings Row .
1 I do n't have much to add to what has been said before , but it 's very much a film of it 's time , and the first ( and likely only ) time that the studio hung the film totally on the Dead End Kids.<br /><br />The Warner 's gave the boys plenty of help , from director Ray Enright and an ' A ' budget , to an almost magical cast of supporting actors . At every turn , we get one of those gem performances from real pros . They are too many to list , but it seems like just about everybody on the Warner 's lot ( Sans the very biggest stars ) walk through this picture . ( See if you can spot John Ridgely)<br /><br />The only over the top performance is from the always reliable Eduardo Cianelli as a mob boss with a messianistic complex . He plays this character almost exactly like that of the Thuggie leader in " Gunga Din " . He 's something to watch ! And Marjorie Main is excellent and gets her best role since " Dead End".<br /><br />My bid for this one is a second feature on a double bill with something like " City for Conquest".<br /><br />Hooray for Warners !
1 The film begins with a bunch of kids in reform school and focuses on a kid named ' Gabe ' , who has apparently worked hard to earn his parole . Gabe and his sister move to a new neighborhood to make a fresh start and soon Gabe meets up with the Dead End Kids . The Kids in this film are little punks , but they are much less antisocial than they 'd been in other previous films and down deep , they are well - meaning punks . However , in this neighborhood there are also some criminals who are perpetrating insurance fraud through arson and see Gabe as a convenient scapegoat -- after all , he 'd been to reform school and no one would believe he was innocent once he was framed . So , when Gabe is about ready to be sent back to " The Big House " , it 's up to the rest of the gang to save him and expose the real crooks.<br /><br />The " Dead End Kids " appeared in several Warner Brothers films in the late 1930s and the films were generally very good ( particularly ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES ) . However , after the boys ' contracts expired , they went on to Monogram Studios and the films , to put it charitably , were very weak and formulaic -- with Huntz Hall and Leo Gorcey being pretty much the whole show and the group being renamed " The Bowery Boys " . Because ANGELS WASH THEIR FACES had the excellent writing and production values AND Hall and Gorcey were not constantly mugging for the camera , it 's a pretty good film -- and almost earns a score of 7 ( it 's REAL close ) . In fact , while this is n't a great film aesthetically , it 's sure a lot of fun to watch , so I will give it a 7 ! Sure , it was a tad hokey - particularly towards the end when the kids take the law into their own hands and Reagan ignores the Bill of Rights -- but it was also quite entertaining . The Dead End Kids are doing their best performances and Ronald Reagan and Ann Sheridan provided excellent support . Sure , this part of the film was illogical and impossible but somehow it was still funny and rather charming -- so if you can suspend disbelief , it works well .
1 This 1939 film tried to capitalize on the much better Michael Curtiz 's film " Angels with Dirty Faces " . As directed by Ray Enright , the only interesting thing is how tamed these kids were in comparison with what 's going on with the youth in America 's inner cities today.<br /><br />The film is only worth seeing because of the presence of Ann Sheridan and Ronald Reagan , who showed they were well paired together . The Dead End kids have larger parts as the plot concentrates on them rather than in the older folks.<br /><br />In a way it 's curious how arson was used in the same way some scrupulous landlords did in later years right here in New York . It was the quickest way to turn a property around never considering the social problems it created . In today 's climate with so many guns around there is a new reality . The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals . How times change !
1 Gabe Ryan ( Frankie Thomas ) gets out of reform school and goes back to the slums . His sister ( Ann Sheridan ) does her best to keep him out of trouble , but it just seems to follow him . Aside from his associations with the Termite gang , Gabe is followed by real - life gangsters who have a scheme to set fire to random buildings to collect the insurance . They need someone to blame for the arson , and Gabe is it . It is up to the Termites to work the law in their favor and give the gangsters their just desserts.<br /><br />The the scene that introduces the Dead End Kids is really quite good . The boys wander on over to the new resident 's furniture on the street , and proceed to make it their own . They talk to each other in phoney posh accents and talk about drinking tea together ; Bernard Punsley takes a nap in a chair . The boys then proceed to start a fight with the new boy , but after he proves himself a good fighter , they ask him to join their club.<br /><br />The initiation scene is rather good too , filled with mischief that seems dangerous at first , but is really rather clever and innocent.<br /><br />Later , when Billy Halop studies to become the boy mayor , he has a dream about schoolwork . This is wonderfully staged , with tiny holograms of the kids walking on his face and firing questions at him.<br /><br />Angels Wash Their Faces is a great title because it plays off of the success of Angels With Dirty Faces , and really tells what the kids are doing . Notorious for bad behavior on and off the set , these boys make nice in this film . But rather than seem disingenuous , it makes for some great laughs . This is a preview of what many of the boys would become in The Bowery Boys series . We even get a few garbled words from Leo Gorcey .
1 This film is the most cult movie on metal there is . Premise : A kid gets a hold of the final recording of his favorite artist Sammy Curr who recently dies in a hotel fire . He plays it backwards and summons him back from the dead to get revenge in the name of heavy metal on those b**tardly jocks who torment him . Any fan of true metal will enjoy this movie , and if you are a metal head being tormented by jocks , play a Sammy Curr album backwards ......... no wait he is fictitious , well get a hold of this movie and watch it with your fist in the air , your head banging , and the volume at 11 !
1 God I love this movie . If you grew up in the 80 's and love Heavy Metal , this is the Movie for you . They really do n't get much better than this . The Fastway soundtrack is one of the best soundtracks ever . I put on the record when it first came out and spent the next month learning every song on guitar note for note . The plot outline is your standard Heavy Metal horror movie . Kid 's favorite singer dies . Kid plays record backwards . Hero comes back in demonic form and rocks the town . What more could you ask for?<br /><br />If you have n't seen it yet , rush out and buy it . You will not be disappointed . Metal Rules ...
1 This is a great movie if viewed in the proper context - It was meant to be a parody of teen - horror - devil - worship movies ( and the ' 80s saw plenty of them ) ! I saw this movie when it first came out , and instantly liked it . Being a big fan of KISS , it was great to see Gene in the movie . And anything with OZZY as a metal - hating preacher ca n't be all bad ! Also , Fastway was already a favorite of mine , so it was great to hear them on the soundtrack.<br /><br />The original VHS ( this was pre - DVD ) cover for Trick Or Treat featured an illustration of Sammi kneeling , playing his guitar in a ring of fire with a " demon " looking on . It was a special order , and the price for the VHS copy at the time ( circa 1987 ) was $ 90 ! I really wanted the movie , but not at that ridiculous price . The ' OZZY - Gene ' cover was only created for the $ 5 re - release . The company releasing it probably figured Gene and OZZY were the only recognizable people in the movie , so they had better put 'em on the cover ! Same thing with the original " Little Shop Of Horrors " - Jack Nicholson was in it for all of five minutes , but now they have him on the cover as if he were the main star.<br /><br />I have a " Trick Or Treat " web site , and it 's surprising how many people believe Sammi Curr was a real person ! Fastway helped perpetuate that myth by dedicating their soundtrack album to ' Sammi Curr'.<br /><br />All - in - all , it was just a good time , rock - n - roll movie . Definitely not to be taken too seriously , but just enjoyed !
1 I first saw this film as a teenager . It was at a time when heavy metal ruled the world . Trick Or Treat has every element for a movie that rocks . With a cast that features Skippy from Family Ties , Gene Simmons of Kiss and Ozzy Osbourne as a Preacher , how can you go wrong ? Backwards evil messages played on vinyl ! Yes that s right , they use records in this movie . In one scene Eddie ( Skippy ) is listening to a message from the evil rockstar on his record player when things begin to get scary . Monsters start to come out of his speakers and his stereo becomes possessed . As a teenager I tried playing my records backwards hoping it would happen to mine . Almost 20 years later Trick Or Treat is still one of my all time favorite movies .
1 One of my favourite films . It has everything - rocking soundtrack , courtesy of Eddie Clark , ex Motorhead , loads of action , loads of laughs , totally ridiculous plot and the most wonderful ' 80 's stereotypes as characters . Eddie , the put - upon nice guy , who just wants to be left alone to be different , Leslie ( about as wet as they come ) , Nuke ( the rock burn - out ) , Eddie 's Mom ( pathetic ) , Roger ( the geek ) and Ozzy as the preacher ( surely he exists in America ? ) . Then there are the boys ( rich , vicious and stupid ) and the girls ( vacant , vain and stupid ) . What more could you ask for?<br /><br />Well , first of all , there 's Sammi Curr , the rock star , an amalgam of every ' 80 's badass rocker you can think of . What about that rocket firing guitar ? Then there 's the scene where Sammi pulls the old lady through the TV screen and smashes her up . And what does Roger do ? Why , hoover her up , just like a good geek would . My favourite scene is where Tim Hainey gets his long overdue reward from Sammi via the wet finger in the plug - magic!<br /><br />If you were into rock in the ' 80 's or just love ridiculous films like I do , then check this one out . It 's available on DVD and very cheap so ( trick or)treat yourself .
1 TRICK OR TREAT is a fine example of Hollywood jumping on the " backwards messages in metal music " bandwagon that Tipper Gore and her Washington Wives kick - started in the mid-'80s ( other , less successful entries in this mini - genre include the awful BLACK ROSES and silly THE GATE ) . I was a sophomore in high school when TRICK OR TREAT came out and could n't wait to see it . It seemed to disappear from video stores by the end of the ' 80s , but I finally picked up a budget - priced DVD copy a short while ago and it brought back many pleasant metal memories from back in the day . Any teenage metal nerd could relate to the trials of Eddie " Ragman " Weinbauer ( Marc Price of " Family Ties")in this film as he is persecuted by the preppie " beautiful " people in his high school for his heavy metal fashions and musical taste . Eddie 's favorite rock star is Sammi Curr ( who looks a lot like Tommy Lee of Motley Crue ) , who is killed in a hotel fire early in the movie . Eddie is inconsolable till he receives a test pressing of Sammi 's final , unreleased album from a radio DJ ( Gene Simmons of Kiss in a brief cameo ) . Eddie soon discovers that this LP , when played backwards , allows him to communicate with the undead spirit of Sammi Curr himself ! Soon Sammi is giving Eddie advice on how to get even with his preppie torturers but when the messages escalate in scariness ( " Waste'em ALL ... no false metal ! " ) Eddie tries to destroy the album , which results in Sammi coming back to life via Eddie 's stereo speakers . Sammi rampages to the big dance at Eddie 's high school and takes the stage to rock the crowd and disintegrate a few unlucky " false metallers " before Eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams . ( SIGH ) No , it 's not terribly scary in 2006 , it was n't even scary in 1986 , but TRICK OR TREAT is a movie that will bring a smile to the face of any 1980s metaller and has a kick - ass soundtrack courtesy of the cult band Fastway . Well worth seeking out if you 've ever banged your head or have a taste for B - grade horror movies ( or both , like me ) .
1 First off , this really is my favorite film ever . I do n't need to give anyone a description because every a**hole does that . I am literally obsessed with this practically bloodless , cheesy , lame effects having ' , boom - stick showing ' , badly edited , 80 's metal horror masterpiece . The director ( I heard ) had hoped for a hit at the box office so that he could do sequels and have a FREDDY / JASON type of deal for himself . Damn , I wish that could 've went down like that ! The soundtrack 's banging ' . The acting 's good .... CHECK THIS MOFO OUT . and any die - hard fans out there , feel free to email and chat sometime . Midgetorgy .... I can be found at YAHOO .
1 Undoubtedly the best heavy metal horror item made in the manically headbangin ' 80 's , which admittedly does n't sound like much considering how utterly abysmal many other entries in this odd little fright film sub - genre like " Hard Rock Zombies , " " Blood Tracks , " " Terror on Tour , " and the especially ungodly Jon - Mikl Thor - starring stinker " Rock'n'Roll Nightmare " tended to be . That aside , this one still deserves props for downplaying the excessive splatter and needlessly flashy special f / x razzle - dazzle in favor of focusing on adolescent high school characters who are depicted with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for a mid-80 's teen - targeted scarefest . Moreover , the film 's pointed sardonic parodying of both ridiculously overblown 80 's heavy metal stupidity and the nauseating self - righteousness of the uptight killjoy conservative stiffs who claimed it was the devil 's music are very clever and on the money funny ( famed Greed Decade heavy metal god Ozzy Osbourne has a hilarious bit as a smarmy anti - metal TV evangelist!).<br /><br />Marc Price ( the hopelessly dweeby Skippy on " Family Ties " ) gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie " Ragman " Weinbauer , a geeky , socially awkward and severely persecuted heavy metal aficionado who 's constantly picked on by the stuck - up jerk preppie bullies who make up the majority of the student body at Lakeridge High School ( the cruelty and mean - spiritedness of the high school kids is nailed with painfully credible accuracy ) . Eddie 's life takes a turn for the worse when his rock star idol Sammi Curr ( an impressively whacked - out portrayal by Tony Fields ) perishes in a hotel fire . Hip local disc jockey Nuke ( KISS front - man Gene Simmons in a cool cameo ) hooks Eddie up with Sammi 's final , unreleased album , which when played backwards resurrects Curr 's malevolent spirit back from the dead . Sammi encourages Eddie to sic him on all the vile scumbags who make poor Eddie 's life the proverbial living hell , only to have meek Eddie prove to be a most reluctant would - be accomplice . It 's up to Eddie , assisted by token nice girl Leslie Graham ( likeably essayed by the lovely Lisa Orgolini ) , to stop Sammi before things get too out of hand.<br /><br />Ably directed with commendable thoughtfulness and sensitivity by character actor Charles Martin Smith ( who also briefly appears as a nerdy school teacher ) , smartly written by Michael S. Murphy , Joel Soisson , and Rhet Topham , and capably acted by a uniformly up - to - snuff cast , this surefire sleeper even comes complete with a handful of nifty " jump " moments ( an outrageous attack in the back of a car by a grotesquely lecherous long - tongued mutant thingie rates as the definite highlight ) , a rousing " Carrie "- style high school dance slaughter sequence , a neatly utilized Halloween setting , revenge being correctly shown as a truly ugly business , and a solid central message that you should n't make a particular over - hyped person your hero strictly because of the calculated anti - establishment posturing said fellow does to qualify for that special status .
1 This is a true " 80 's movie " : Back then they made maybe 100 times more movies than nowadays , and that makes many of them quite interesting ... It was a cultural phenomenon , that do n't exist anymore . Nowadays maybe the same kind of people that would have made cheap " straight - to - video "- movies in the eighties , are doing cheap porn . Porn seems to sell . Anyway , this is above the medium trash - movie level : It has good&fascinating story , and it 's quite well made I think . In one scene you can even see the microphone swinging on the upper edge of the picture . Of course there are also little cameos by Ozzy and Gene Simmons , but they do n't very much contribute to the film " success " , although they are good in their small roles . The monster , heavy - singer " Sammi Curr " , looks really terrible , especially when he 's singing . One of the scariest monsters I 've seen in horror flicks . I may have nightmares of him next night . Not recommended for intellectual movie lovers .
1 Teenager Eddie spends his life being bullied and humiliated due to his obsession with heavy metal music . One day he finds out his hero Sammi Curr has died , supposedly burned by the establishment which wanted to put a stop to his music . But Eddie has his last record , never released , and when he plays it he starts receiving messages telling him how to deal with his tormentors . Before long Sammi has revealed he intends to return to life at the local Halloween party to exact revenge on the town which once mocked him.<br /><br />Filled with humour and in - jokes , this is a highly entertaining film . Sammi himself is an original horror movie villain , plays on the ' evils of rock music ' obsessions of the 80 's . Well worth watching .
1 Trick or Treat , Quickie Review This zany romp of a film revolves around the 80 's culture of Heavy Metal and horror movies -- two things which I love dearly . So , as you can imagine , this movie appealed to me pretty easily . Plus , for no apparent reason , Ozzy Osbourne plays a preacher.<br /><br />This film is about an unpopular high school youth who , like all us losers , ended up drenched in a world of " evil " Heavy Metal . His favorite Metaldude dies and , of course , is miraculously resurrected -- by playing his latest unreleased album backwards . This allows the corpsified singer to go around killing people with demons and sh*t helping out.<br /><br />Okay , it 's pretty cheesy at times , but you know what ? It 's got a surprising number of good qualities . Decent acting ( including Gene Simmons as a radio DJ ) , pretty good special effects , very brief nudity , decent atmosphere ... All in all , it 's actually a decent horror film . But what really sucks is the music . Ironic , huh ? Well , this " uber - evil " Metal guy is one of the most obnoxious , high - pitched , wailing , Motley Crue rejects on the planet -- and the " Metal " is little more than putrid 80 's Pop / Hair Metal . He hits all the cliché 's here , from prancing around like a gay fairy , to looking mean , to screaming " Rock and Roll ! ! ! " in a pitch high enough to make King Diamond retch . Aside from that atrocious musical representation , it 's actually pretty good . 7/10<br /><br />www . ResidentHazard.com
1 Every movie critic and metal head hated this movie but I enjoyed it . I saw this as a child on TV somewhere and was amazed by the scene where Sammi comes on stage and plays Trick or Treat by Fastway.<br /><br />The movie itself was typical 80 's , guy gets pushed around by bullies and enlists supernatural help to beat up the bullies but goes to far and has to be destroyed.<br /><br />Matt from Melrose Place picks on Skippy from Family Ties so Skippy gets a record of Tony Fields from Gene Simmons to comfort him and all hell breaks lose , the highlight being where Tony sings ( lip - synchs ) and dances to a metal song before the shyt hits the fan.<br /><br />There were a lot of errors and stuff but the music and the overall imagery was enough to keep my fists pumping 8 out of 10
1 I heard about this movie when watching VH1 's " 100 Most Metal Moments . " On the segment , Gene Simmons ( who played a cameo ) and several other interviewees discussed how utterly awful this movie is . Unlike most people , I 'm often more curious about checking out movies that have reputations for being ridiculously bad than , say , a masterpiece of cinema . The advantage of having that sort of attitude is half the time I find out that the movies are nowhere near as bad as people said , and I end up enjoying them a lot more than I initially expected . That was my experience with " Trick or Treat . " Now , it 's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star by playing one of his vintage records backwards without people scoffing at the premise . Sure , it 's certainly a strange premise , but one that 's never been done before ! Give the filmmakers points for originality for Pete 's sake ! If you 're looking to buy the DVD , having no prior knowledge of the movie , do n't be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars . However , though Simmons has a thankless role , Ozzy does have a funny cameo as a Reverend ( that 's right , a Reverend ! ! ) who speaks out against heavy metal . For one thing , it 's funny seeing Ozzy with short hair . And for another thing , you ca n't help but laugh at the irony . Sure , it 's a cheap shot , but an effective one . The acting is pretty good . I found the performances convincing . The teen characters are horribly clichéd . So expect the usual array of jocks and nerds . And like in every one of these movies , the pretty girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the alienated main character , yet continues to go out with her jock boyfriend . Why 's she going out with such a complete jerk in the first place ? Because the plot needs an obstacle . No other reason . But I ca n't deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil jocks in these movies go down , since I was an outcast in high school . The movie kept my interest for the most part , but the third act is way too conventional and caused me to roll my eyes as there would be one predictable situation after another . But altogether the film is not at all bad and definitely worth viewing on a rainy day . ( 7 out of 10 )
1 This is a great , ridiculous horror movie that captures the essence of the mid to late 80s ' obsession with how evil metal music supposedly was . I can remember being freaked out by metal teens when I was a kid . It does n't help that I found a desecrated grave in my hometown 's graveyard when I was ten . Turns out this weird metal kid had dug up some old bodies and used their bones in some weird sacrifice to satan . So maybe stuff like deterred me from metal for awhile , but I love it now , as a 24 year old.<br /><br />I bought this DVD used for 6 bucks and I expected it to suck due to the lame cover , but to my surprise , it ruled . It is all about the extreme demonic power of metal . And you got ta love a scene where a guitar shoots lazers and vaporizes headbangers in the crowd . This movie is awesome , if you love 80s metal and bad movies , this one 's for you . 9/10 !
1 Nobody said movies had to be realistic did they ? I really liked this movie because I remember when I first saw it in junior high . For all the kids who remember the PMRC and albums before there were warning stickers , it 's a cool story for all those kids who were part of the mid to late 80 's headbanger crowd .
1 Skippy from Family Ties goes from clean - cut to metal kid in this fairly cheesy movie . The film seems like it was made in response to all those upset parents who claimed metal music was turning their kids evil or making them kill themselves - except in this one a dead satanic metal star is trying to come back from the grave ( using Skippy to help out ) . And while the plot is corny and cliche , the corniness ( for example , an evil green fog taking off a girl 's clothes)and the soundtrack are what make the movie so hilarious ( and great ) . And of course , there 's nothing like Ozzy Osbourne playing a preacher who 's asking what happened to the love song :) . Definitely a movie for having a few friends over for a good laugh . And while you 're at it , make it a double feature with Slumber Party Massacre 2 - there 's an " evil rocker " ( as stated on the video box)driller killer in black leather w / fringe . A must see for cheesy movie fans .
1 I love this movie and never get tired of watching . The music in it is great . Any true hard rock fan should see this movie and buy the soundtrack . With rockers like Gene Simmons and Ozzy Osbourne you ca n't go wrong .
1 This movie is sort of a Carrie meets Heavy Metal . It 's about a highschool guy who gets picked on alot and he totally gets revenge with the help of a Heavy Metal ghost . it is such a classic . The soundtrack is A++++ . You 've got living legends of Metal in it . And Marc Price was great in this film . This is a must have for metal fans .
1 When you come across a gem of a movie like this , you realize why the ' 80s were the greatest decade to live thru . The rock music ruled , & so did movies ... especially horror movies . Filmmakers knew how to entertain us , & " Trick or Treat " is evident to this . When rocker Sammi Curr , who was most likely written after W.A.S.P. singer Blackie Lawless , dies in a hotel fire , his # 1 fan Eddie , is distraught . He goes to friend & local dj Nuke ( Gene Simmons ) for support . Nuke gives him a copy of the very last recording that Sammi made ; this is the only copy available . It was given to the radio station to be played live Halloween night . When Eddie plays it , it somehow brings back Sammi . He helps Eddie with the bullies at school , but then goes out of control . It is definitely one great movie . The bad thing is , this movie is out of print . I paid $ 25.00 to finally get it off of eBay . You should too ... $$ well spent !
1 Sammi , Curr a metal rock god , they tried to stop him , they tried to ban him , the tried to censor his music ! ! ( much like the real life Dee Snider , from Twisted Sister,[Tipper Gore ] or Ozzy Osborne ) Killed in a fire , Sammi Cure was suppose to play on halloween at his old high school for a dance .. Now Eddie Weinbauer , his # 1 fan , and the only one who knew how sammi was , and what he felt ( or did he ? ) Nuke , the d.j . at the local radio station ( Gene Simmons ) has and gives the only copy of Sammi 's last record Eddie .. But when Eddie tries to play the record backwards , he finds Sammi talking to him from the dead , and telling him what to do to get back at the bullies at his school that hate him and his music .. Everything works out until , Sammi starts to kill ! ! A great movie and must see for heavy metal hairband fans , with a great sound track by Fastway , and just in case you do n't know what The songs sound like or know Fastway and does n't like them , they changed there voice a bit and there style as well to sound like the more known Cinderella , or Ratt .. Is the movie a true horror movie ? Well that depends on what you call a horror movie , To me a true horror movie is a slasher , with lots of killing , or just plain be scary .. This movie is neither , not enough deaths , but it ca n't be called a action , comedy , drama , suspense , or thriller , so that is why I would guess it has to be a horror .. So if you wanna " Rock N ' Roll , Rockin ' on the mid night steel your soul ! ! " Than Sammi Curr and Trick or Treat is the for you .. I mean " what are you afraid of ? It 's only Rock ' N ' Roll ! ? ! "
1 Actually , I never bought into the metal was satanic and stuff , but this movie kind of played on that idea . Though certainly not a movie to take seriously or to rate really high , it does serve its purpose in that it entertains while it is playing . The story has a metal band burned to death in their hotel , one of their fans has a dream to this effect and said band starts to go on a kill spree from beyond the grave . So yes , a bit of " Nightmare on Elm Street " plot going on here . Granted Freddy never molested a girl in a car before . There was another movie featuring a heavy metal band in it , but it was very different in how it played out as it had a band that kind of took over a town of kids and made them crazy . This one simply has the one fan of the band kind of helping the killer spirit at first then trying to stop him . Nothing to gruesome in it as I do not remember all that many gory kills . Quite frankly , the scene I do remember most is the scene of the girl wearing the headphones and then being molested by some creature incarnation of the band . Nothing great , but a nice time filler .
1 I gave this a 10 out of 10 points . I love it so much . I am a child of the 80s and totally into heavy metal for many years . Those are the reasons i like this movie so much . Its so cool to see those posters in the bedroom of that boy ( Judas Priest , Lizzy Borden , Raven , Twisted sister ... )and his vinyl collection(unveiling the wicked by Exciter , Rise of the mutants by shock metal master Impaler and Killing is my business by Megadeth ) . Also the soundtrack by FASTWAY is totally incredible and fits very well with the plot . If you are into metal , then TRICK OR TREAT is your friend . Do n't buy or watch this movie for OZZY or GENE SIMMONS because they are in the movie for seconds , watch it because the soundtrack and the story that will take you back to the glory 80s . You will not be the same person after .
1 Being a genre film fan , a child of the 80 's AND a fan of hard rock music ... this movie holds a special place in my heart . It has everything you could want in a supernatural movie : action , great special effects ( for 1986 ) and a guitar wailing glam- rock soundtrack . It certainly was THE movie for all the heavy metal fans at the time . I did n't see this at the cinema because it was never released theatrically over here ... but it 's popularity on video during the mid to late eighties secured it 's cult status and eventually led to a ( sadly , mediocre ) DVD release in 2002 . If you 're not a fan of creepy movies or rock music then this probably is n't your cup of tea ... but , trust me , there are worse films of this type out there ... and , despite average acting and some outrageously ridiculous situations , Trick or Treat is most definitely a wailing riff above the usual horror fare . You 'll never look at your stereo the same way again . Or should I say MP3 player?<br /><br />TRICK OR TREAT TRIVIA- Marc Price ( Eddie ) played geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular long running comedy sitcom ' Family Ties . ' After a string of direct to video flops including , ' Little Devils''Killer Tomatoes eat France ' and ' The Rescue ' he gave up on acting to pursue a career in stand - up comedy . Recently , he has been considering a TV comeback.<br /><br />Glen Morgan ( Roger ) is now a major Hollywood producer/ screenwriter . He has written and produced several major films and TV series , including : ' Space : Above and Beyond''The X - Files''Final Destination''Jet Li 's The One''Willard ' and most recently ' Final Destination 3'.<br /><br />Tony Fields ( Sammi ) started his performing career as a dancer on the TV series ' Solid Gold ' . He appeared in several low budget films and TV shows before landing his breakout role as the devilish Sammi Curr in ' Trick or Treat ' . Sadly , Tony passed away on February 27th 1995 of AIDS related cancer.<br /><br />Doug Savant ( Tim ) is probably best remembered for his pioneering role of homosexual twentysomething Matt Fielding on the popular sitcom ' Melrose Place ' . Since then he has had a long and varied acting career , appearing in such films and TV series as : ' The One''Godzilla''CSI : Crime Scene Investigation ' and the short lived Joss Whedon sci - fi series ' Firefly ' . Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo on the smash hit series ' Desperate Housewives ' .
1 This movie is horrible , but you have to see it because of that . I 'm not here to discuss the entire film , just the greatest chase scene ever . When Eddie dumbs milk on Tim , he gets chased down the hallway . Eddie puts obstacles in the jocks way with hilarious consequences ( like a cymbal nailing a trumpet player ; buy the DVD and watch it slow ) . The best obstacle is a knocked over mop bucket which one jock jumps over but proceeds to slide on the ground out a door . But when he slides he picks up speed thus defying physics ( mainly friction ) ; yet what lies behind the door is supreme . The steepest stair case in any school ever , which this jock proceeds to CLEAR in the air . In reality he probably would die of a broken neck . Not only does he defy all concepts of reality , he makes the funniest noise ever made in that situation . Go and buy this one . Trust me this scene is worth your 6 bucks .
1 I 've seen a slew of " 80s rocker horrors " over the years , from rubbish like " Terror on Tour " to ridiculously fun gems like " Slumber Party Massacre 2 . " Somehow I managed to keep putting this one off , which is strange because it 's probably the most popular and well received one . Well , I finally caught up with it and it 's easily the best of this mostly awful ( but almost always endearing ! ) subgenre . The plot ( which was pretty much lifted in the film " Black Roses " ) concerns a mulleted misfit named Eddie , whose ridiculed by all in his high school for his taste in music . He loves 80s metal , especially his idol Sammi Curr ( played by the late great Tony Fields . ) After Sammi is killed , Eddie favorite radio DJ gives him Sammi 's final recording . Once Eddie plays the record backwards , he discovers he 's a bit tougher , and bad things start happening to those who taunt him . Is Sammi 's music possessed ? " Trick or Treat " is well - made and a total hoot . The special effects are awesome , even though it does feature the typical 80s laser beams . I grew up in the 80s , and while I was n't a fan of heavy metal , I do remember the urban legend about playing a record backwards hearing the sounds of Satan worshipping . Haha ! I also remember being told by my older siblings and neighbors that both KISS and Ozzy worshipped Satan , so it 's very amusing to see them both make cameos as a harmless radio DJ and a anti - rock priest . If only I had seen this film as a kid ! While the film seems to poke fun at the popular connection in the 80s between alleged devil worship and heavy metal , the viewer never really finds out why Sammi Curr is back from the dead creating havoc and killing whoever gets in his way . This is movie 's weakest point , but if you can overlook that , it 's loads of fun .
1 I may be biased , I am the author of the novel The Hungry Bachelors Club , self - published in 1994 . The screenplay was written by my good friend and hungry bachelor , Fred Dresch , who was the inspiration for the character Marlon in the film . I could n't be more pleased with the trailer , I hope to see the film in its entirety and I will further comment . But Jorja Fox , who plays Delmar Youngblood , my character , is stellar . She carries the bulk of the emotional vehicles in fine form . I could n't have done better myself ! This looks like real people , hardly formula driven and thankfully drives my statement against racial prejudice home , gracefully and heartfelt .
1 It 's great to see Jorja Fox in a role where she gets to smile a lot . Also loved hearing her sing . Nice change to see her out of her CSI / West Wing / ER roles . The movie itself was entertaining , but it seemed skip some explanation in a lot of parts . Several of the characters seemed to be miserable one minute and happy the next and it was left up to your imagination to figure out why . Each character was quirky though and in some cases , I could n't wait to see what they would do next or hear what they would say next . This movie was n't full of squeaky clean people , but rather complicated realistic people who could make mistakes , feel bad about them and then find a way to fix them .
1 While this movie wo n't go down in the annals of great cinema , it is a fun way to spend an hour and a half with the family . The film is finally being released in video where it should have debuted in the first place.<br /><br />The film is about an eclectic group of friends who gather for dinners which they have named , " The Hungry Bachelors Club " . Jorja Fox plays a woman who serves as a surrogate in order to get a down payment for the restaurant that she wants to open . Bill Nunn plays a Cadillac - loving mystery man who becomes her lover . Fox gives an understated and touching performance and Nunn is reliably talented as always . Micheal des Barres is a hoot as an over the top attorney . The ensemble casts - made up of familiar faces - works nicely together to bring this wacky group of characters to life . This is a good rental and one of the few you can watch with the whole family .
1 Unlike some comments , mine is positive . This movie wraps around the dinner table with a group of friends , some you like , some you do n't . A few are related -- mother , daughter , son . Their stories are not one smooth , happy with everyone and everything , type of life -- much like real life . Some story lines do not evolve , they just happen . But like true families and good friends , they stick together . The wanna - be parents who are buying a baby are such a -- holes ! You are happy for the ending . Poor Delmar is stuck between a rock and a boulder taking care of herself , her mom , her son , and trying to keep all their lives together . This does not end with a sunset walk or house in the ' burbs and all are living in a dream world , but is a very real life portrayal of people living day to day , month to month . Overall , this is a good story and a great movie ! !
1 The title says it all.<br /><br />I'm not a film critic nor will I act like the rest of the snobbish people commenting on this movie.<br /><br />Obviously this movie did n't have a multi - million dollar budget , but the plot was very well done , the acting was awesome and the cinematography was great ! It looked like you all had a lot of fun making this movie ! I voted 9 out of 10 as the sound was strong on only one channel instead of both , but I imagine this might have been an error in the recording of the DVD.<br /><br />I'll definitely be checking out other movies produced by Brain Damage Films ! < br /><br />Dylan O'Leary , cast and crew , I thank you !
1 Yes , this is an ultra - low budget movie . So the acting is n't award winning material and at times the action is slow - paced because the filmmakers are shooting longer sequences and not a million instants that then get edited into a movie . This film makes up for that with an outstanding script that takes vampirism seriously , explains it and develops a full plot out of it . Aside from the vampire story , we get detailed genetics info , legal and law enforcement , martial arts action , philosophical musings , and some good metal music . Kudos go to Dylan O'Leary , the director / writer / main actor . It is beyond me how this man could have fulfilled all these roles and do them so well . I think to appreciate this movie , you have to be well - versed in all sorts of themes to see that the writer did a lot of research and knows about all these things . There are some great camera work , too , interesting camera angles and one underwater vampire attack- something I have n't seen before , but which pays homage to the underwater zombie attack in Fulci 's Zombi . The casting is good , in so far as the sexy female is sexy indeed . The main vampire also looks perfect for the role . The female victim looks vulnerable . My only complaint is that for a low budget horror flick , there should have been more nudity . If you want to see an original vampire movie with a great story , this flick is for you . I 'm looking forward to seeing future projects by Mr. O'Leary .
1 As the maker of " This Darkness , " I admit we neglected 3 very important acknowledgments in our end credits . The omissions were over - sights that could not be corrected once committed , nor did the parties involved --- who saw the movie --- mention it at the time . On behalf of the excellent cast and crew of the film , I extend them an apology . Obviously , some criticisms posted here are harsh in light of their credit being accidentally . Our production values were negligible and our " special effects " were quite special indeed , but the plot is very strong and the cinematography by John McLeod is superb . We hope you , the reader , enjoy " This Darkness " and the efforts of those who worked their butts off for free . Thank you , Dylan O'Leary , Director .
1 I sense out there a mix of confusion and varying degrees of personal taste in the reactions to this film . Yes , there are vampire stereotypes . Yes , there are scientific stereotypes covered here . Even martial arts stereotypes . All well and good , and sure , not all perfectly done . However , I sense one crucial point about this film is being overlooked ... the cultural significance of its location . The film is set in Pensacola , Florida , and does not try to avoid saying so . That 's a bold move in the film world today , and a rare treat for fans of indy films . And indeed , it may not be the last . Pensacola is world renowned as a Navy town , an aviation town , a lumber town , and sometimes even as a hotbed for political controversy . Rarely is it seen as a growing film town . But that 's all changing now . More film companies are coming in to shoot . And more native Pensacolians are discovering the power of cinema for themselves . This film is part of a growing trend of Pensacola - based indy films , and more are on the way . Pensacola is making a big noise in the global film community , and by and by , the world is taking more notice . Watch and listen , world . The Pensacolians are coming . Like a virus .
1 I understand that Paramount wanted to film this with the Rodgers and Hart score , but could n't work out the copyright problems , so Burke and Van Heusen who wrote the between them the most songs for Bing Crosby contributed a very nice score.<br /><br />I read Leonard Maltin saying that this movie , " fit Crosby like a glove " and I could n't have put it better . No , it 's not Mark Twain 's satire , it 's a Bing Crosby film and in 1949 Crosby was the most bankable star in Hollywood . For once Paramount used technicolor and Rhonda Fleming was never lovelier on the screen . This was a woman that technicolor was invented for.<br /><br />William Bendix 's Brooklyn origins kinda stand out , but it 's to a good comic effect . The trio of Crosby , Bendix , and Sir Cedric Hardwicke have a rollicking good time with Busy Doing Nothing . Bing has one of his patented upbeat philosophical numbers with If You Stub Your Toe On The Moon.<br /><br />The third song he sings Once and For Always by himself and with Rhonda Fleming . That song was nominated for best song , but lost to Baby It 's Cold Outside . < br /><br />Nice also that Bing managed to record the score for Decca with Rhonda Fleming and Bendix and Hardwicke.<br /><br />One thing I like about this film is that it shows Crosby 's comic talents without Bob Hope . I like the Road pictures , but Bing was a comic talent onto himself and this film better demonstrates than any other.<br /><br />This is Crosby at the top of his game .
1 This movie is humorous , charming , and easily becomes a favorite for those who enjoy light entertainment . Hollywood is hardly the place for serious history lessons so I simply accept it as is . Bing , in his usual inimitable style , performs quite well as the blacksmith , Hank Martin , who by accident is transported back to another age , the time of King Arthur . The beautiful Rhonda Fleming is breathtaking as Alisande , or Sandy , the object of Hank 's affections although she is betrothed to the brave and formidable Sir Lancelot , played by Henry Wilcoxon.<br /><br />I just love that episode when King Arthur ( Cedric Hardwicke ) , Sir Sagramore ( Wm . Bendix ) , and Hank ( Bing Crosby ) dress up in tattered clothing and take to the high road with their knapsacks to experience the kingdom at firsthand . King Arthur 's comment , " I say , we are not alone " while giving his scruffy garments a good scratch , is one of those hilarious moments in the film . William Bendix 's portrayal is superbly ridiculous , not to mention his attempts at quaint " ye Olde English . " < br /><br />The story is not deep but it 's well done in my opinion and I enjoy it more each time I see it . It 's great family entertainment too.<br /><br / >
1 Stylishly directed , picturesquely photographed and brilliantly acted — Crosby 's interpretation seems exactly right , Hardwicke has his best role ever , while Bendix is a treat too — this Yankee 's appeal is universal and irresistible.<br /><br />One of the principal joys of the movie , of course , are the songs . As might be expected , Bing is in fine voice . And although Hardwicke 's solo has been cut , we can still hear him sing heartily as he dances merrily with Crosby and Bendix in their famous novelty number , " Busy Doing Nothing " . It 's also a treat to hear Rhonda Fleming , who , although she enjoyed an extensive stage and concert career as a singer , was rarely given a chance to be heard in the cinema . She has a lovely voice that more than matches her ravishing looks—and she looks very fetching indeed in her Mary Kay Dodson costumes.<br /><br />Director Tay Garnett gets the most out of his lavish budget , using all the resources at his command to present every fabulous scene as effectively as possible . ( Perhaps the eclipse looks a trifle too contrived , but who 's complaining ? ) < br /><br />In short , as the trailer actually describes , an entertainment delight from start to finish .
1 This movie is a great . The plot is very true to the book which is a classic written by Mark Twain . The movie starts of with a scene where Hank sings a song with a bunch of kids called " when you stub your toe on the moon " It reminds me of Sinatra 's song High Hopes , it is fun and inspirational . The Music is great throughout and my favorite song is sung by the King , Hank ( bing Crosby ) and Sir " Saggy " Sagamore . OVerall a great family movie or even a great Date movie . This is a movie you can watch over and over again . The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous . I love this movie ! ! If you liked Danny Kaye in the Court Jester then you will definitely like this movie .
1 Hello again , I have to comment on this wonderful , exciting , and believable tale of romance and intrigue . The music in wonderful and memorable . Very good colorful movie . Another movie I liked as well later on was High Society with Bing Crosby . Wonderful music . Thanks for listening , Florence Forrester - Stockton , Reno , Nevada
1 Some of the posters seem less than gruntled because this is neither Mark Twain nor Rodgers and Hart but clearly it does n't pretend to be either . You 'll look a long time to find a greater Rodgers and Hart fan than me but Burke and Van Heusen were n't exactly chopped liver in addition to which they knew Der Bingle inside out and tailored some great songs - But Beautiful , Moonlight Becomes You , It 's Always You , The Day After Forever , etc - to fit his highly personal style and here they come up with yet another fine - and unfairly neglected - ballad , Once And For Always , plus a couple of upbeat philosophy - lite entries in If You Stub Your Toe On The Moon and Busy Doing Nothing . The flimsy plot is n't meant to be taken seriously - why else make Merlin a heavy when in most , if not all , of the other versions he is more a friend / mentor to Arthur - so if you start wondering aloud why Sir Lancelot who has been sold to historians as the epitome of chivalry and uprightness metamorphoses into a schoolyard bully you 're not going to get much fun out of what is essentially a fun movie . On balance it does what it sets out to do , entertain , so good luck to it .
1 50 years old , this musical comedy fantasy might look its age , but it wears it with dignity.<br /><br />This film is still great fun . Crosby was never really romantic lead material , but he delivers the material with the lightly humorous edge it needs . Bendix plays broad and is huge fun in a part which calls upon his strengths . Hardwicke - how joyous for a knight of the realm - a genuine one - to throw himself into caperings like this with such abandon . And Rhonda Fleming enjoys herself in the least showy of the main roles . Only Murvyn Vye disappoints as an unconvincing Merlin.<br /><br />Though not a musical , the songs are very good , and the " dance " routine accompanying Busy Doing Nothing is perfect - funny , appropriate , dexterous without being challenging , and making a virtue out of Crosby 's musical movement which , let 's be fair , was inherently amusing due ti its never being his greatest strength.<br /><br />The colour is fine , the sound is a little muddy in places.<br /><br />And the story - well , it takes some liberties with the original , but I suspect that Mr Clemens might well have been pleased with the result .
1 " World 's Finest " is an unique project . It 's a trailer for a Superman / Batman crossover movie that does n't exists and will also never exists , at least not in this form , with these characters , actors and plot line anyway.<br /><br />So the movie is one big tease , even more than standards everyday real movie trailers . The trailer will hype you all up for nothing . In that regard , I really did n't liked this short project . When watching this trailer it makes you hungry and excited for more and at the same time sad- and perhaps you 'll even feel cheated afterward , when it turns out that a full length movie of this trailer will never exist at all . Sort of makes you wonder why this project was made in the first place . Surely to show off Sandy Collora 's skills but could n't he had also done this with a real movie short , like his earlier movie " Batman : Dead End".<br /><br />But when you have to judge this short purely for what it is , so from a movie technical point of view , it 's a really great one . It 's great looking and way more professional than you 'll perhaps at first would expect , although the people who 've already seen " Batman : Dead End " will already know better than to expect a short with cardboard sets , cheap homemade costumes and third - rate actors . The short is not constantly impressive looking and obviously the budget was n't sky - high but for most part it 's very impressive and professional looking , with nice costumes , sets , special effects , cinematography and lighting.<br /><br />The short has a good quick and typical trailer build up , with perhaps a bit too many posing shots too completely find it credible but hey , it works well for the trailer style . It has some impressive shots but also a couple of lame ones , mainly the Superman flying sequences . It was obvious that the guy was just standing at a moving car , with a camera aimed at him from an angle below . I even found it a pretty laughable thing to watch . But really the better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this.<br /><br />Michael O'Hearn seemed like a pretty good Superman / Clark Kent , although he obviously is n't the greatest talented actor around . Clark Bartram reprises his Batman role well again and Kurt Carley seemed like an awesome Lex Luthor . The rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough.<br /><br />It 's especially interesting to watch this short after the recent new modern reinterpretations of the two main superheroes of this movie , in the movies " Batman Begins " and " Superman Returns " . It 's interesting to compare the style and character treatment of those movies with this one . It 's actually amazing and fun to hear how much Kurt Carley does sound like Kevin Spacey , the actor who played Lex Luthor in " Superman Returns".<br /><br />It 's a good looking and well made and constructed trailer that however will makes you hungry for more , even though you know that there wo n't be more . Whatever happened to the Waner Bros. plans to create an actual full length Superman / Batman movie by the way ? I thought that developments were underway for it a couple of years ago but nothing has been heard of it ever since . Instead two new separate Batman and Superman movies were made ; " Batman Begins " and " Superman Returns".<br /><br />7/10
1 Let me make one thing clear … .for the most part , the mentality of those who run the show in Hollywood frankly p*sses me right off in general and even more specifically in relation to its treatment of much loved , iconic characters from the pages of comic books . Why ? Well let 's take a typical Hollywood executive board meeting scenario to illustrate shall we … .. < br /><br />Executive no.1 ' Hey there 's lots of dollars to be gleaned from superhero flicks these days . ' < br /><br />Executive no.2 ' Good point , let 's make one with haste then ! – We 'll do a lucky dip in a hat and pick out a superhero at random to base a film upon ! ' ( The dip takes place and a famous superheroes name is pulled out ) < br /><br />Executive no.1 ' Great ! Now who can we get to play the part ? ' < br /><br />Executive no.2 ' Who 's a big box office star at the moment ? ' < br /><br />Executive no.1 ' * name of big actor * is the in thing this week . ' < br /><br />Executive no.2 ' But does he really suit the role ? I mean he does n't resemble the character whatsoever . ' < br /><br />Executive no.1 ' Who cares ? ! He 's a big name ; We 'll make the film with him in it anyway . ' < br /><br />Executive no.2 ' You 're quite right ! And besides we 'll fill the entire film so chock full of glitzy special effects to appease the moronic masses that no one will ever question it anyway!'<br /><br />The above scenario clearly illustrates one of the reasons I generally loath most modern superhero movies . All style , no substance and simply pathetic casting of the iconic leads . Of course to be equitable , there are exceptions to the above rule ; when Hollywood does get it right – take the casting of the original ( and still easily the best ! ) Superman ; Christopher Reeve and more recently Patrick Stewart and Sir Ian McKellen in the X - Men films.<br /><br />But back to the general negative traits displayed by Hollywood today … .. would n't it be wonderful if our studio executives were to ALWAYS choose actors who actually suited the roles ? Well in this less than ideal world , one filmmaker does just this believe it or not , by casting actors based upon their genuine resemblance to their comic book counterparts . His name is Sandy Collora . Sadly ( but typically ) Hollywood has not as of yet allowed Collora to direct a full length film but luckily for us , he has given us tantalizing glimpses of what the finished outcome would likely look like in the form of two ( as of yet ) famous super hero short features . One is the superb Batman : Dead End and the other is this mock trailer for an entirely fictitious film called Worlds Finest.<br /><br />Well , let 's not mince our words here – this is absolutely awesome stuff!<br /><br />The casting of Mr. Universe winner and male model Michael O'Hearn , ( who looked similarly awesome but was utterly wasted in the lackluster Barbarian ) makes for the most perfect choice to play the iconic man of steel . In fact , in terms of physical resemblance , there has undoubtedly never been a closer approximation to the comic character.<br /><br />Added to this Clark Bartram is back fresh from his splendid portrayal as the Dark Knight in Batman : Dead End ; Again , yet another hugely judicious piece of casting!<br /><br />What can I say ? – If only this was indeed a real , full length film ! Hollywood studio executives – take note ! THIS is how it should be done!<br /><br />As a final note , I am once again intrigued by the vastly split reactions this short film has evoked from fans . Tellingly , the most acerbic and vehemently adverse reactions against it clearly come once more ( as similarly with Batman : Dead End ) from a younger , less cinematically experienced audience ; a fact betrayed by their somewhat grammatically primitive rants and liberal usage of base diction . Such an unfortunate state of closed mindedness is indeed a sad phenomenon albeit one that our aforementioned studio executives in Hollywood , will no doubt derive great satisfaction from . After all , these very same misguided individuals are in all probability the exact same sort of CGI addicted , popcorn stuffing imbeciles that revel in the majority of crap that Hollywood churns out by the deluge these days .
1 I 'll say this to begin with: ... Why , oh why , ca n't WB do what these short film directors do ? Sandy is obviously an amazing Director , and deserves some credit from WB and DC . But I guess they 're kinda put on edge when a man with a $ 12,000 budget can make a super - hero fan drool . The World 's Finest is one of the best short films I 've ever seen , Trailer or not.<br /><br />I think choosing a Bodybuilder(Mike O'Hearn ) to play Superman was a genius choice . Let 's face it people , Superman is no super - model . He may be handsome , but a GQ Stud he is not . And I do n't know what that guy a few comments above me was on , but Superman is actually pretty beefy(Have you ever actually read a Superman comic ? ) . I Guess that fact alone just floors me ... It seems like such an obvious choice to get someone with some actual muscle - mass to play a Super - hero , rather than a pretty - face . Same Thing for Batman , Bartram is in incredible shape , and an excellent Batman ... I do n't know guys ... If given a bigger budget , and his own movie ... I think Bale and Bartram would be Neck and Neck . Bottom line , This is one of only a scant few of Super - Hero movies with actors that actually LOOK the part.<br /><br />The Acting is pretty nice as well . I do n't know what every one is talking about , O'Hearn is n't that bad . He 's damn convincing as Superman , and Bartram ... Well , he IS Batman . I mean , come on people , this movie had a $ 12,000 dollar budget , what were you expecting ? . Everyone Else is great too , except Two - Face seems a tad crazier than usual ... But hey , we only have Tommy - Lee Jones as a reference . Oh , Lois is pretty hot too.<br /><br />The SFX are flippin ' sweet too . I mean , Seeing Superman lift the car up ... MAN ! , how cool is that . Versus the " Tank " scene in Grayson , I may have to put this one above that , since Mike actually looks like he 's flying , and with ease . The Flying sequences left something to be desired , but once again , with a bigger budget ... Oh , And he even used a Batmobile!(It was probably a Model , but it looked damned convincing).<br /><br />All in all , this trailer 's only downfall was a lack of a serious budget . And WB refuses to admit that Collora is a credible Director , and NEEDS to be apart of some kind a Project ... But no , they'll(Like most of the Marvel projects ) just keep getting these hack directors who show almost no regard for the fans and what they care about , and keep churning out these gamble movies . Thank god Superman Returns was a hit , or that seriously would 've been the end of it . World 's Finest is excellent , and in my book , counts as a Superhero Movie .
1 This film is really cool . every thing looks like it came out of the comic book . the sets , the costumes , and the plot is great . Clark Bartram is again our favorite batman . he looked a bit better in dead end , but he still pulls it off . superman is great too . the flying effects are OK . but its a fan - film so we ca nt expect them to be the greatest . the shot with superman catching the car was VERY believable . it was cool . This is a movie i would definitely see if it were real . its got every thing you would want in a batman/ superman movie . one exception though , i would cast the joker instead of 2-face ..... overall i give this film a 10 because its a great film .
1 I really liked BATMAN : DEAD END , I thought that it had a theatrical feel to it and that given a chance Collora could make a fine film . This trailer did n't quite give me the same impression . The story line , or potential story line , was quite good but due to the acting and special effects left me feeling like this would have made a good TV movie or television show.<br /><br />First , Michael O'Hearn is not that good a Superman . I actually thought he , in his brief appearance , made a decent Clark Kent . Sorry , I just do n't think of SuperMan as being that buff . The suit Kent wore masked his size . Batman may have the body of a bodybuilder but not Superman . Supes is toned no doubt but not bulk . Anyway , I did n't care for all his posing and his transformation from Kent to Superman seemed cheezy . Now this may not be just O'Hearn 's fault , Collora may have to take some of the credit for poor scripting and direction.<br /><br />Second , the special effects for flying were cheezy . Superman flies through the sky . If was obvious that this Superman flew close to the ground , with the telephone cables and buildings visible above him . I do n't think there were any full body shots of Superman flying . Evidently the harness and rigging supporting O'Hearn must have been located on his lower torso.<br /><br />All in all it was a good trailer . I 'd probably pay to see a film , if ever made , and would be sure to catch it on television . The story line , an alliance between Lexcorp and Wayne Industries , Superman jealous of Lois 's attraction to Wayne , Lex and Twoface teaming to beat Superman and the joining of forces between Batman & Superman is a good one . I 'm sure with a larger budget and approval for a full film Collora and company , even O'Hearn could deliver a decent film . Certainly one better than the most of the comic based crap coming out of Hollywood lately .
1 This is a fan - made short film that pretends to be a preview for a new movie that pairs Batman and Superman ! It 's the sort of film that fans adore and watch at places like ComicCon and was made by the same person who made BATMAN : DEAD END , Sandy Collora.<br /><br />As far as this film goes , I could easily pick it apart . Sure the CGI effects are n't perfect and the costumes are far from perfect . BUT , this was made on a shoestring budget and for a fan film this is incredible . I was particularly impressed by the very buff Superman -- he was no wimpy little guy ! If only this were a preview for a real film -- they'd have fans lined up from here to Omaha to see it . Great job .
1 this short film trailer is basically about Superman and Batman working together and forming an uneasy alliance.obviously,the two characters have vastly differing views on how to deal with crime and what constitutes punishment.it's a lot of fun to see these two iconic characters try to get along.i wo n't go int to the storyline here.but i will get into the acting , which is terrific.everyone is well cast.the two actors playing Superman and Batman are well suited to their characters.the same filmmakers that made Batman : Dead End and Grayson also made this short film.of the three , i probably liked this one the least , but i still thought it was well done.for me , World 's finest is a 7/10
1 Batman and Superman . Iconic . The better part of a century old . Who does n't know of these two ? There must be countless of fans who would die to make a film about them . Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for such a film(which does not exist , and is not being created , much less by this team ) . Perhaps what this has most going for it is how polished it is . Throughout , the cinematography is solid . The editing is spot - on . The production values , even with the costumes looking more like their comic counterparts than the ones of the feature films featuring these character , are quite high . It looks quite " Hollywood " , this trailer . The physical types fit for , as far as I can tell , every single character . The lines are reasonably written . The shots are well - thought up , nicely achieved and fairly effective . However , this does have problems , and in spite of looking good , it does n't quite match the energy and skill of Grayson(which only had the problem of teeter - tottering too much back and forth between a short and a trailer , as well as unbridled passion leading to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas ) . The acting is perhaps the most evident . It 's ... not good . Even some of those who only have one line and/or hardly appear on - screen at all manage to fail at delivering a good performance . The actors cast in the parts seem to have been chosen more for how much they look like the characters they 're playing than their talent . Then there is the writing . Really , the plot , well , what minuscule amount there is(this and this character team up , something about some evil plot ... ) is fine . There is a problem in the characterization . While most characters seem to fit , Two - Face is , well , about as much as a cackling lunatic(which is quite simply , as far as I 've understood , not what the character is ) as he was in Batman Forever(and having your work on portraying any element of the Batman universe compared to Joel Schumacher 's efforts can be considered the greatest insult to a fan ) . Also , putting that character in this is going to cause comparisons between this trailer and that film(honestly , Collora is practically * begging * for it with such a similar initial reveal ) to be made , and , let 's face it , this loses in every respect . Michael Antonik most definitely does not possess the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does , and the make - up(which , in aforementioned reveal , is essential ) is n't as strong as that of the film(whether or not it was good in the film is another matter ) . The sad thing is that while Fiorella(John , who created Grayson ) seems to be far more into the comics , and get them , the depth of them , better(not to mention possessing more of an ability to come up with compelling plot ... Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films , or more ) , Collora seems to be the one with access to funds and the one who 's more likely to have contacts(on account of having non - indie credits on his filmography ) to actually have a shot at making an actual feature out of his trailer . I intend to watch other of Collora 's work . But Fiorella is the one of the two whose work I will most definitely be most interested in . I recommend this to fans of the characters . 7/10
1 Another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after Batman : Dead End that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more ! This is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like ! Even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts . The attention to detail , character and action is undeniably real . Although this is a limited resources production , it puts to shame big budgeted , star - casted , hyped productions " other " superhero related movies . Here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people . Finally , a Superman that actually looks " super " and looks like the real thing ! Batman the way it should be , without the flashy rubber - casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that do n't deliver . I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros. exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel . I do n't care if it goes to theaters or straight to DVD , I would never get tired of watching it . Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this . Hope the " bigwigs " at Marvel & DC productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look . No more " Batman & Robin " fiasco , or Hulk , Daredevil , etc . Learn from these small time directors and learn that there should n't be any reason to " reinvent " the hero for the movie , just to have it " bomb " in theaters . Mr. Collora ... We need more directors like you ! !
1 After seeing the " Batman Dead End " short , I did n't know what to really expect from World 's Finest . Of Course , Superman AND Batman . All my World 's Finest comic books have them as the team - up.<br /><br />After seeing this 3-and - a - half minute trailer , it made me wish someone would make a serialized fan film for World 's Finest , if not an actual full - length film.<br /><br />Sure , some of the Superman stuff was cheesy , but movie trailers in theaters are always teasers , giving you only certain aspects of the entire product . This looks like it needs a complete product.<br /><br />Other than director Sandy Collera 's relative playing an achingly poor Perry White , most of the actors were unknown . If an actual movie was made , actors would be cast to fit the bill for the film , though I believe Nina Kaczorowski would make a good Lois Lane , especially if given closer - to - the - character dialogue.<br /><br />Good to see Clark Bartram wearing the Batman costume from Dead End , but it should be updated a bit more and not be like the 40s Batman with the 80s-90s leather cape and cowl . His demeanor is Batman - like , but I still wonder about the validity of white contact lenses instead of just allowing his eyes to show through the mask . I believe the goal was to get it as close to the comic character than the movie persona.<br /><br />Michael O'Hearn can not play Superman , period . He stands around with a goofy look on his face that simply says , " slap me . " And line delivery seems to be a problem with him.<br /><br />Overall , though , I would love to see a complete story and film based on this ingenious piece of work . There was a rumor about a World 's Finest movie being made , and with the correct additions to the script , this could be it . Hope more like this are made .
1 I 've just seen it .... for those who do n't know what it is , I suggest to download the entire feature and enjoy viewing it ... it 's kinda amateur made trailer featuring the same producer of the famous short Batman Dead End , but this time besides the black knight there is also Superman ... It would be wonderful if they made the entire movie ... but I 'm afraid that it 's almost impossible , especially just before the official Batman 5 film.<br /><br />-- There is no greater crime against peace than the refusal to fight for it.<br /><br />Lorenzo ' Purifier'Pinto
1 After seeing the terrible , terrible , terrible BATMAN : DEAD END I knew I had to see this as soon as I heard about it.<br /><br />Pressing play to view the trailer I thought I was in for another hideous short from what so - far looked like another bad wannabe film - maker trying to bring new depth to an existing character . But was instead greeted with a GREATLY put together trailer for a movie that sadly does n't exist , as I would LOVE to see a finished movie even if it was only 30 minutes long.<br /><br />WORLD 'S FINEST makes up for BATMAN : DEAD END and then some.<br /><br />I look forward to the next short !
1 Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing . Sure give us movies like Batman Begins . Oh , by the way Hollywood I think they may cover the story line in the movie Batman , but please do n't entertain us what we would really want to see Batman and Superman together . I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more . I was looking around to see when it was coming out . It was like a terrible practical joke . The graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie . Unfortunately it 's not going to happen for now . To the producers , directors and all the actors great job but I hate you for doing this to me . You left me wanting more .
1 There 's a legion of Mick Garris haters out there who feel he could n't direct a horror film of quality if he had to . And , SLEEPWALKERS( .. screenplay written by Stephen King)is often used as an example of this . I like SLEEPWALKERS , though I fully am aware that Garris just says F#ck it and lets all hell break loose about fifteen or so minutes into the movie . Forget character or plot development , who needs them anyway . It 's about violent mayhem and bloody carnage as a mother and son pair of " sleepwalkers"( .. feline - human shapeshifting creatures who suck the lifeforce from virginal female innocents , moving from town to town , living a nomadic existence , truly powerful)set their sights on a teenager who does n't surrender without a fight . Before all is said and done , many will be slaughtered as a mother sha n't tolerate the possible death of her beloved son.<br /><br />Garris wastes little time setting up those to be executed , as a teacher(Glenn Shadix ) , suspecting handsome , All American charmer Charles Brady(Brian Krause)to be someone entirely different from who he claims , gets his hand ripped off and his neck torn into . Charles lures pretty virgins into his arms , drawing their energy , in turn " feeding " his hungry mama , Mary(Alice Krige ) . The fresh new target is Tanya Robertson(Mädchen Amick ) , and she seems to be easy pickens , but this will not be the case and when Charles is seriously injured in a struggle( .. thanks to a deputy 's cat , Clovis ) , Mary 's vengeance will be reaped on all those who get her way . Mary , come hell or high water , will retrieve Tanya in the goal of " refreshing " her dying son.<br /><br />Like many teenagers , I had a crush on certain actresses I watched in movies . Such as Amy Dolenz , I was smitten with Mädchen Amick . She 's simply adorable in this movie and I love how she bites her lower lip displaying an obvious attraction towards Charles , unaware of his ulterior motives . I just knew that Mädchen Amick would be destined to be a scream queen , but this would never be the case . Too bad because I would 've welcomed her in the genre with open arms.<br /><br />Krige is yummy as the menacing , damn sexy , but vicious and mean bitch who wipes out an entire police force and poor Tanya 's parents in one fail swoop , in less than ten or so minutes . She stabs one in the back with a corn cob ! She bites the fingers off of poor Ron Perlman , before cracking his arm( .. a bone protruding ) , knocking him unconscious with his own elbow ! She tosses Tanya 's mom through a window after breaking a rose vase over her father 's face ! A deputy is stabbed in his ear by Charles(Cop - kebab ! ) , falling on the pencil for extra impact . Poor Tanya is dragged by her hair from her home by Mary , driven to the Brady home , and forced into an impromptu dance with the crippled monster ! The sheriff is hurled onto a picket fence and we see how cats combat the sleepwalkers unlike humans . We see Mary and Charles ' abilities to " dim " themselves and his car using a power of invisibility . Writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and horror director buddies of his in a crime scene sequence with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensics officers , Joe Dante and John Landis as photograph experts.<br /><br />The film is shot in a tongue - in - cheek , let - it - all - hang - out manner with music appropriately hammering this technique home . It 's about the ultra - violence , simple as that , with some deranged behavior and jet black humor complimenting Garris ' direction and King 's screenplay . The incestuous angle of the sleepwalkers is a bit jarring and in - your - face . Without a lick of complexity , this is closer in vein to King 's own demented MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE than his more serious works .
1 Best Stephen King film alongside IT , though this one is more fun than scary . < br /><br />This one 's got it all : < br /><br />-a great cast with a Alice Krige and Brian Krause and a fun cameo from King himself;<br /><br />-well dosed horror in an amusing storyline;<br /><br />-great use of music , Santo & Johnny 's " Sleepwalk " in particular;<br /><br />-likeable characters in a typical King setting : middle of nowhere village;<br /><br />-lots of humor . You ca n't really get good scares here because it 's too much fun and over the top;<br /><br />-old but really nice makeup effects like they do n't make anymore!<br /><br />A 4,5 rating : I do n't get it really . When was the last time a horror film was as much fun as this one ?
1 Although written by Stephen King , an overrated writer if there ever was one , this is actually quite entertaining B - movie . Vampiric , incestuous creatures who live in the candle - lit house and drain the life - force of virgins , great graveyard scenery , heroic cats and very pretty virgin . The soundtrack even has Enya 's music , an idea which I found quite ... nice . I 'm sure King is disappointed to this little movie , although it HAS crappy dialogue and ideas , all of them from a true and tedious King potboiler . ( Albeit Sleepwalkers , if I 'm understood right , is a script without any novel or short story behind it ) . Still , those touches of sewer - odors show he DIDN'T use a ghost - writer after all ...
1 Monstrous mother - son - duo ( Alice Krige and Brian Krause ) sucks life - force of virgins , and their newest target is pretty but lonely Tanya ( Madchen Amick ) . However , these monsters are allergic to cat 's scratches ... I have never been fan of sleazy , overrated bestsellerists like King , Koontz or Barker , but this B - movie , written by Mr Dung himself , is actually not near as bad than it could be . Yes , it is sometimes jaw - droppingly atrocious , but there is actually some surprisingly impressive touches : good old - fashioned graveyard , eerie soundtrack and candlelit - Gothic - house - scene , mirror showing the monstrous form of the villains , etc . Of course , the film is polluted by Mr Dung 's potty - mouthed dialogue and all - tactics - of - toilet - seat obsession to vilify fat people , leading to totally pointless subplot of rapist teacher , but there is roses among manure .
1 Stephen King was raised on flicks like this . -Flicks NOT films.<br /><br />Movies like this and ' Jeepers Creepers ' are " throwbacks " to the good ' ol day drive - in horror flicks . They are meant to be fun , cheaply made and hopefully : a few good scares.<br /><br />Anyone looking for a theory on the human condition should pass on this creature feature because that 's all this is ... all it ever will be.<br /><br />Stop trashing what has already deemed itself as trash . -Good , fun , trash!<br /><br />If you enjoyed this I recommend : ' Jeepers Creepers ' ' Jeepers Creepers 2 ' ' 30 Days of Night ' ' Scarecrows'('88 ) ' They Live ' ' Planet Terror ' ' Death Proof ' and ' Halloween III : Season of the Witch '
1 This is not a good movie but I still like it . The cat Clovis is gold in a jar as well as the premise of the cats themselves - intrinsically opposed to the evil Sleepwalkers . I think there is more to this movie than people realize , basically it is very harsh , but this brusqueness can sometimes be good . It 's got the corny lines , the abrupt ending and a comedic element conveyed by the bumbling policemen.<br /><br / > Did anyone find the incestuous element a bit disturbing ? Ultimately this movie is casually and randomly acrimonious , which is quite effective , I liken it to Psycho - the relationship between the mother and son , the changing of protagonists . I think the abruptness works also , this is not a movie that you want them to lengthen , it only works if it 's short.<br /><br />I'm still not sure whether the director lacked depth , or whether he did these things with purpose , we know Stephen King has ability , yet I have n't even read his books , only seen some of his movies.<br /><br />Anyway , I liked it . If you like harsh corny movies with 80 's overtones just watch it . but do n't expect too much . It really is so bad its good .
1 Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me . I either really love them or I loathe them . Some of the fancier productions ( such as Desperation and Storm of the Century ) I did n't enjoy . Some of the smaller ones , I really loved . Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.<br /><br />The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary . They are Sleepwalkers , shape shifting creatures who although human like in appearance shift into a feline like creature . They are immune to the scratch of cats and whenever they move to a new town , lay out traps to catch and kill the animals . When they move to their latest town , they need to seek out a virgin and when Charles finds one , he actually falls for her , but his mother needs to feed from her to keep up her strength . The story revolves around what will happen with the girl . Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.<br /><br />Although this story has overtones of incest which some may find unappealing it does actually play a part in the story and is therefore not just plonked in the movie for scandal 's sake . Like most Stephen King stories it 's based in a small town with lots of interesting characters . The acting is n't the best , nor are the special effects , however , somehow , the whole thing tends to ' gel ' and is very watchable and enjoyable adaption.<br /><br />For UK readers : This production has most recently been shown on BBC1 , Sci - Fi and Sky Thriller / Horror channels .
1 Sleepwalkers are creatures who drain the life force completely out of humans to survive ... but they can only use virgins ( it 's not explained why ) . Charles Brady ( Brian Krause ) is one such who needs to feed his mother Mary ( Alice Krige ) . He goes after likable Tanya ( Madchen Amick ) . Will she escape?<br /><br />On one hand this is a GREAT horror film . Fast - paced , plenty of blood and gore and a nice , twisted sense of humor . There are plenty of in joke references for horror buffs ( Castle Rock is mentioned once ) . Also Krause is excellent ( who would have thought he could act after " Return to the Blue Lagoon " ) as is Kirge and Amick . But I find this film annoying.<br /><br />It was written for the screen by Stephen King and it 's maddeningly vague . The sleepwalkers are never fully explained . Where are they from ? Why are they called that ? Why does the son have to feed the mother ? Why do cats hate them and can kill them ? What are their powers after all ( at one point Krause makes a car disappear AND change color and style ! ) ? Why do they need to feed off peoples ' life force ? Why does it have to be only virgins ? Why is the son having sex with his mom ? None of these are explained leaving the story confusing . It 's really too bad because , those questions aside , this is an excellent horror film . Excellent makeup and special effects too.<br /><br />Fast , gory and lots of fun . If only the script were better . Also a fairly explicit sex scene between Krause and Krige was edited ( you can tell ) to get an R rating . I can only give this a 7 .
1 Because of all the negative reviews of this film I almost did n't watch it . However , I was pleasantly surprised that it was a fairly enjoyable horror movie . The acting was n't great - apart from the wonderful Alice Krige - but some of the dialogue ( " Just consider yourself lunch . " ) was quite amusing.<br /><br />On the whole an above average Stephen King effort - 7/10 .
1 Woah ! Is one thing I can say about this movie . Personally I 'm one of those people who loves cats so that would have been a big down side to the movie , but I loved it how cats from every were got their revenge at the end.<br /><br />I liked the movie , but I have to admit it was because I found Brian Krause who played Charles Brady very very irresistible , I guess lust got the better of me while watching this movie.<br /><br />There was one thing that I was disappointed over . I 've watched Charmed before and Brian Krause is married to Holly Marie Combs , his kissing scene was O.K. in Sleepwalkers , but really bad compare to his kissing scenes with Holly Marie Combs , I do n't know if it is because Krause and Combs have great chemistry or maybe more it a bit more , that was the only disappointment in the movie but I guess it was made up for with Brian Krause in those tight ass jeans he was wearing in the movie.<br /><br />If you are use to seeing Brian Krause as Holly Marie Combs heavenly husband and the father of her son your in for a big surprise with this movie , he was nothing like angle boy . Although now that I think about it , it would be great to see Krause 's character on Charmed taken over by evil making him something like his was in Sleepwalkers.<br /><br />I also have to say the music was GREAT in this movie too !
1 A woman who hates cats ( Alice Krige ) and her son ( Brian Krause ) have moved into a small town , and must deal with a mean teacher ( Glenn Shadix ) , their incestuous relationship , a lovely girl ( Mädchen Amick ) and one hell of a big secret.<br /><br />Okay , so technically , this is a " bad film " . But , who cares ? It 's so very fun ! < br /><br />Impossible things ( involving corn ) happen , people freak out about kitty cats , there 's bad one - liners , there 's too much cheese to handle!<br /><br />So , yes . You will enjoy this . A lot . It wo n't move you , touch you , scare you , or thrill you in any way , but it will keep you entertained and laughing !
1 I found this movie to be exciting right from the start -- like a Spielberg movie is -- and found the plot to be intriguing as I tried to figure out what the actual situation was.<br /><br />Right from the start -- before the opening credits-- the action starts , bringing with it immediate suspense.<br /><br />The two main characters are very likable . ( I have trouble liking any of the Baldwins , due to Alec 's extra - curricular , political activities , but William was not too bad in this movie.)<br /><br />There were several highly unexpected twists , which contributed to the enjoyment.<br /><br />There were , unfortunately , many places where there was an annoying high pitch sound in the soundtrack -- something like 19 K Hz . I suspect the microphone was picking up video monitors on the set .
1 I was the Production Accountant on this movie , and I also got to do some voice - over work on it , so I 'm not entirely unbiased , but if it were awful , I would say so . I thought it was a fun film , not a critically acclaimed masterpiece , by any means , but there were plenty of laughs along the way . The Bible states that laughter does good like a medicine , so watching this movie could be good for your health.<br /><br />So many of the actors in this picture had n't yet reached their peak at the time we made this film . Susan Sarandon , of course , is one who has since gone on to much greater fame . Melanie Mayron was seen on TV on a weekly basis as a photographer in the " Thirty - Something " TV drama series . Robert Englund later became known as Freddie Krueger , still haunting people 's dreams . One of my personal favorite actors on this show was Dub Taylor , who played the sheriff . He was an excellent comedic actor , and a truly nice , sincere person . We all had fun working on this show , and I think that fun comes through .
1 American icon Henry Fonda portrays " Elegant " John Howard , an aging trucker who has had his beloved big rig " Eleanor " repossessed after a lengthy hospital stay has forced him to miss his payments . Deciding that he would like to make just one more perfect run , he breaks out of the hospital , steals back Eleanor , and hooks up with old friend Penelope Pearson ( Eileen Brennan ) , who is in need of relocating her troupe of prostitutes.<br /><br />Fondas ' wonderful performance is a natural anchor for a film that tugs at the heartstrings as effectively as it tickles the funny bone in the more comedic scenes . A superb cast including Robert Englund , as a reluctant young sidekick , Susan Sarandon ( who also gets co - producer credit ) , and Dub Taylor ( a delightful ham , as always , in the most blatantly comedic portion of the picture ) helps immeasurably.<br /><br />The ultimately life - affirming nature of the picture and the poignancy of the journey carry incredible weight ; this is a picture , that provided you get into it , you can remember long after it 's over.<br /><br />The promise of the open road is vividly displayed here ; the countryside just looks beautiful . Set to Craig Safans ' wonderful music score , it 's a remarkable picture in terms of aesthetics.<br /><br />It loses a little something in its final act ( the characters played by John Byner and Austin Pendleton are little more than intrusions ) , but it still maintains its good vibes thanks to the appeal of its central characters.<br /><br />Not at all the exploitation / drive - in schlock picture one might expect from the title ( especially its alternate title , " The Great Smokey Roadblock " ) , it 's a rewarding movie experience that I can recommend without qualms.<br /><br />9/10
1 Street Fight is a brilliant piece of brutal satire . This is not a movie you just watch for fun . It is not a comfortable experience , although it does have some laugh - out - loud moments . This is a movie you watch when you need food for thought.<br /><br />To dismiss this film as simply racist is to miss the point entirely . This is not only a satire of Song of the South , it 's also a biting commentary on the prejudices that Americans still have as a society . Every ethnic group portrayed in the movie gets shown as grotesque caricatures of their stereotypes , which in turn are grotesque caricatures of real people . Through this wild exaggeration , the filmmaker shows just how absurd these tightly - held beliefs really are.<br /><br />If you 're the sort of person who 's willing to acknowledge the ugliness of the prevalent prejudices American culture still holds , and if you 're not afraid to look your own prejudices in the eye , this movie may be for you .
1 One of the most interesting movies to be classified as " blaxploitation , " Bakshi 's " Coonskin " is a rich text full of wonderful insight . He wrote it in collaboration with Scat Man Crothers and Barry White , who appear in the film as well . The racist imagery can often be disturbing , but the message of the movie was so powerful that the NAACP gave it an endorsement ( but only grudgingly).<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in an examination of the pervading atmosphere of racism that Bakshi attempts to deconstruct . Wonderful stuff .
1 Streetfight ( aka Coonskin ) is a very unique film directed by animation pioneer Ralph Bakshi . It is an oddity of the cinema , and is very much worth seeing . It is live action mixed with animation , seemingly influenced on Disney 's legendary Song of the South , almost as if it is a response to that flick . Philip Michael Thomas , later to become Don Johnson 's sidekick on Miami Vice , and Scatman Crothers , most famous for his role in Kubrick 's The Shining , are prison escapees . Charles Gordone and Barry White ( yes , that Barry White ) are Thomas ' friends and plan to help him escape prison . They are stuck at a police roadblock , and Crothers tells Thomas a story about a black rabbit , a bear , and a fox who move from the South to Harlem in order to find a more peaceful existence . The story is animated , and provides a lot of wonderous things to see . Like all of Bakshi 's films , most will be annoyed and will dislike the animation . True animation lovers will forgive its clunkiness and fall in love with its inventiveness . The movie is very violent , very sexual , and it is mostly about battles between the races . For a long time , I thought I was watching something extremely important , but after a while , especially after I got done watching it , it started to seem more like a run - of - the - mill blacksploitation flick , along the lines of Superfly . It 's very sloppy and does n't really say anything . Besides , is n't Bakshi white ? Whatever the answer to that , Coonskin / Streetfight is still very much worth watching for animation aficionados as well as cult movie fans . 7/10 .
1 I had watched this film from Ralph Bakshi ( Wizards , Hey Good Lookin ' ) , one night ago on www.afrovideo.org , and I did n't see anything racial ( I am not stupid ) , I do admit the character designs are a bit crude and unaccpectable today , but I think it 's a satire and a very , very urban retelling of the old Uncle Remus stories that the Black American culture , created right down to the main characters and the blatant nod to " The Tar Baby " and " The Briar Patch . " These are n't bigoted stories , mind you , but cultural icons created by Black Americans , and me being a white woman read and love those stories . And I also found it an interesting time - capsule view on the black culture in Harlem , New York in the 70's.<br /><br />Well to get to the nitty - gritty of this film : This film is a live - action / animated film , which begins in live - action with a fellow named Sampson ( Barry White ) and the Preacherman ( Charles Gordone ) rush to help their friend , Randy ( Philip Michael Thomas ) escape from prison , but are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police . While waiting for them , Randy unwillingly listens to fellow escapee Pappy ( Scatman Crothers ) , as he begins to tell Randy the animated story of Brother Rabbit , a young newcomer to the big city who quickly rises from obscurity to rule over all of Harlem ; you know , to me Rabbit , Bear and Fox are animal versions of Randy , Sampson and the Preacherman . An abstract juxtaposition of stylized animation and live action footage , the film is a graphic and condemnatory satire of stereotypes prevalent in the 70s — racial , ethnic , and otherwise.<br /><br />So anyway , it is another GOOD Bakshi movie ; and should we sweep films like this under the rug ? pretend they never exist ? hmmm ... I think that would be a shame ; I think we should watch these films entacted , and learn about what goes on back then , just how far we come since then .
1 After finally watching Walt Disney 's Song of the South on myspace , I decided to watch Ralph Bakshi 's response to that movie - Coonskin - on Afro Video which I linked from Google Video . In this one , during the live - action sequences , Preacherman ( Charles Gordone ) takes his friend Sampson ( Barry White ) with him to pick up Pappy ( Scatman Crothers ) and Randy ( Philip Thomas , years before he added Michael for his middle name professionally ) as the latter two escape from prison . During their attempt , Pappy tells Randy a tale of Brother Rabbit ( voice of Thomas ) , Brother Bear ( White ) , and Preacher Fox ( Gordone ) and their adventures in Harlem . As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts , there 's a mix of animation and live - action that provides a unique point - of - view from the writer / director that is sure to offend some people . Another fascinating animated character is Miss America who 's a big - as in gigantic in every way - white blonde woman dressed in skin - tight red , white , and blue stars and stripes who has a hold on a little black man and has him shot in one of the most sexually violent ways that was shockingly funny to me ! There are plenty of such scenes sprinkled throughout the picture of which another one concerning Brother Bear 's frontal anatomy also provided big laughs from me . There 's also a segment of a woman telling her baby of a " cockroach " she was friends with who left her that was touching with that part seeming to be a tribute to the comic strip artist George Herriman . I was also fascinated hearing Grover Washington Jr. 's version of " Ai n't No Sunshine " heard as part of the score . Most compelling part of the picture was seeing the Scatman himself depicted with his head in silhouette during the opening credit sequence singing and scatting to a song that has him using the N - word in a satirical way . When I saw a VHS cover of this movie years ago , it had depicted Brother Rabbit in insolent mode in front of what looked like the Warner circles with the slogan , " This movie will offend EVERYBODY " . That is ample warning to anyone who thinks all cartoons are meant for children . That said , I definitely recommend Coonskin to fans of Bakshi and of every form of animation .
1 MPAA : Rated R for Violence , Language , Nudity and Brief Drug Use . Quebec Rating:13 + Canadian Home Video Rating:18A < br /><br />I saw Coonskin today . This film is also known as Bustin Out and Street Fight . After watching Fritz The Cat , I wanted to see more of Bashki 's films . I saw Cool World and thought it was mediocre and I saw this . When it was first released , the film was very controversial . It was considered racist and Al Sharpton wanted the film banned , he even led protests outside the theatre where the film was playing . The film was only released on VHS under the title " Street Fight".It is now considered a cult - classic film and African - American celebrities such as comedian Richard Pryor , director Spike Lee and the rap group The Wu - Tang Clan are said to have enjoyed this film . I personally thought Fritz The Cat was a much better film but this is very enjoyable as well . Worth watching for Bashki or Blaxploitation film fans . The film mixes live action and animation sort of like the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit . I would have preferred it in full animation but whatever . The film starts off with a reverend and another man racing to rescue two of their friends from prison . While the prisoners wait , the older one tells a story of three men he knew . The film then switches into animation format , we see three black men who sold their house to this man . They decide to make names for themselves in Harlem . So the leader , a black rabbit , kills a big player in Harlem and he basically becomes a big shot . The film moves on as the Italian mafia want him out . The mafia involves the godfather , his three sons who are homosexual and an Italian clown . Coonskin is an entertaining animated film that 's worth checking out , if you can find it .
1 Coonskin might be my favorite Ralph Bakshi film . Like the best of his work , it 's in - your - face and not ashamed of it for a second , but unlike some of his other work ( even when he 's at his finest , which was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards ) , it 's not much uneven , despite appearances to the contrary . Bakshi 's taking on stereotypes and perceptions of race , of course , but moreover he 's making what appears to be a freewheeling exploitation film ; blaxploitation almost , though Bakshi does n't stop just there . If it were just a blaxploitation flick with inventive animation it could be enough for a substantial feature . But Bakshi 's aims are higher : throwing up these grotesque and exaggerated images of not just black people but Italians / mafioso , homosexuals , Jews , overall New York - types in the urban quarters of Manhattan in the 70s , he is n't out to make anything realistic . The most normal looking creation in looking drawn " real " is , in fact , a naked woman painted red , white and blue.<br /><br />In mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism ( i.e. the " tar - rabbit , baby " joke , yes joke , plus black - face ) , we 're looking at abstraction to a grand degree . And best of all , Bakshi does n't take himself too seriously , unlike Spike Lee with a film like Bamboozled , in delivering his message . This is why , for the most part , Coonskin is a hilarious piece of work , where some of the images and things done and sudden twists and , of course , scenes of awkward behavior ( I loved the scene where the three animated characters are being talked at by the real - life white couple in tux and dress as looking " colorful " and the like ) , are just too much not to laugh at . It 's not just the imagery , which is in and of itself incredibly " over "- stylized , but that the screenplay is sharp and , this is key for Bakshi this time considering , it 's got a fairly cohesive narrative to string along the improvisations and madness.<br /><br />Using at first live - action , then animation , and then an extremely clever matching of the two ( ironically , what Bakshi later went for in commercial form with Cool World is done here to a T with less money and a rougher edge ) , Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a buddy to escape , and Pappy tells of the story of Brother Rabbit , who with Brother Bear and Preacher Fox go to Harlem and become big - time hoodlums , with Rabbit in direct opposition to a Jabba - the - Hut - esquire Godfather character . This is obviously a take off on Song of the South with its intentionally happy - go - lucky plot and animation , here taken apart and shown for how rotten and offensive it really is.<br /><br />Yet Bakshi goes for broke in combining forms ; animated characters stand behind and move along with live - action backgrounds ; when violence and gunshots and fights occurs it 's as bloody as it can get for 1975 ; when a dirty cop is at a bar and is drugged and put in black - face and a dress , he trips in a manner of which not even Disney could reach with Dumbo ; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent as the climax is filmed in wild slow - motion ; archive footage comes on from time to time of old movies , some and some from the 20s that are just tasteless.<br /><br />Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or , more recently , South Park , Bakshi 's Coonskin functions as entertainment first and then thought - provocation second . It 's also audacious film - making on an independent scale ; everything from the long takes to the montage and the endlessly warped designs for the characters ( however all based on the theme of the piece ) all serve the thought in the script , where its B - movie plot opens up much more for interpretation . To call it racist misses the point ; it 's like calling Dr. Strangelove pro - atomic desolation or Confederate States of America pro slavery . And , for me , it 's one of the best satires ever made .
1 by Dane Youssef < br /><br />"Coonskin " is film , by the one and only Ralph Bakshi , is reportedly a satirical indictment of blaxploitation films and negative black stereotypes , as well as a look at life black in modern America ( modern for the day , I mean--1975 ) . Paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame.<br /><br />But this is a Bakshi film , controversial , thrilling , and a must - see almost by definition alone . Not just another random " shock - jock " of a movie which tries to shock for the sake of shock . It 's by Ralph Bakshi . Anyone who knows the name knows that if HE made a movie , he has something big to say ... <br /><br />Although it 's roots are based in cheap blaxploitation , " Coonskin " is n't just another campy knock - off of mainstream white film or any kind of throwaway flick . " Coonskin " wants to be more . It aims it 's sights higher and fries some much bigger fish.<br /><br />The movie does n't just poke fun at the genre . Nor does it just indict black people , but actually seems to show love , beauty and heart in the strangest places.<br /><br />"Coonskin " tells a story out of some convicts awaiting a jail - break . The fact that it 's even possible to break out of a prison in the " Coonskin " world alone makes it old - fashioned.<br /><br />One of the inmates tells a story about a trio of black brothers in Harlem named Brother Bear , Brother Rabbit , Preacher Fox who want respect and a piece of the action and are willing to get it by any means necessary . The Itallian mob is running all the real action.<br /><br />Big name black musicians star : Barry White and Scatman Crothers , as well as Charles Gordone , the first black playwright to take home the Pulitzer . Something big is happening here obviously.<br /><br />The movie plays out like a descent into this world , this side of the racial divide . From an angry , hip , deep , soulful black man with a hate in his heart and a gun in his hand.<br /><br />Bakshi 's films never know the meaning of the word " sublety . " This one looks like it 's never even heard of the word . But maybe a subject like this needs extremism . Real sledgehammer satire . Some subjects ca n't be tackled gently.<br /><br />Bakshi is god - dammed merciless . Here , no member or minority of the Harlem scene appears unscathed.<br /><br />The characters here are " animated " to " real " all depending on what the mood and situation are . The animated characters and the human ones all share the same reality and are meant to be taken just as literally.<br /><br />Bakshi never just shows ugly caricatures just for shock value . He always has something to say . Nor is black - face is gratuitously . Here , unlike in Spike Lee 's " Bamboozled , " he seems to be using it to try and really say something.<br /><br />Like 99.9 % of all of Bakshi 's films , this one incorporates animation and live - action . Usually at the same time . Bakshki is n't just being gimmicky here . All of this technique is all intertwined , meshing together while saying something.<br /><br />Somehow , this one feels inevitably dated . Many of these types of films ( Bakshi 's included ) are very topical , very spur of the moment . They reflect the certain trend for the day , but looking back of them years later , there 's just an unmistakable feeling of nostalgia ( as well as timeless truth).<br /><br />Even though the music , clothes , slang and the city clearly looks like photos that belong in a time capsule , the attitude , the spirit and the heart remain the same no matter what f -- king ear it is . Anyone who 's really seen the movies , the state of things and has been in company of the people know what I 'm talking about.<br /><br />Even some of the of the black characters are a bunny ( junglebunny ) , a big ol' bear and a fox . One of the most sour and unsavory racist characters is a dirty Harlem cop who 's hot on the trail of these " dirty n-----s " after the death of a cop . But for him , it 's not just business . Nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield . It 's just pure sadistic racist pleasure of hurting blacks.<br /><br />The sequence involving the Godfather and his lady is one of the most moving pieces in the whole film , of which there are many . It plays out like an opera or a ballet.<br /><br />The promo line : WARNING : " This film offends everybody ! " This is not just hype . Proceed with extreme caution.<br /><br />You have been warned ... <br /><br />by Dane Youssef
1 Remember Ralph Bakshi ? The guy that was an animator on Terrytoons , then on Paramount Cartoon Studios , after that , he was a director on Fritz the Cat 1 & 2 and Heavy Traffic ? Well , this is Coonskin . And it 's actually pretty good . Racist , but good . The movie takes place in Harlem Nights ( No , duh , it was a working title . ) but with a twist that becomes a lampoon of a Disney movie , Song of the South.<br /><br />It 's about Sampson ( Barry White ) and the Preacherman ( Charles Gordone ) rush to help their friend , Randy ( Philip Michael Thomas ) escape from prison , but are stopped by a roadblock and wind up in a shootout with the police . While waiting for them , Randy unwillingly listens to fellow escapee Pappy ( Scatman Crothers ) , as he begins to tell Randy a story about " three guys , I used to know , just like you and your friends " . Pappy 's story is told in animation set against live - action background photos and footage.<br /><br />Brother Rabbit ( voice of Thomas ) , Brother Bear ( voice of White ) , and Preacher Fox ( voice of Gordone ) decide to pack up and leave their Southern settings after the bank mortgages their home and sells it to a man who turns it into a brothel . Arriving in Harlem , Rabbit , Bear , and Fox find that it is n't all that it 's made out to be . They encounter a con man named Simple Savior , a phony revolutionary leader who purports to be the " cousin " of Black Jesus , and that he gives his followers " the strength to kill whites " . In a flashy stage performance in his " church " , Savior acts out being brutalized by symbols of black oppression—represented by images of John Wayne , Elvis Presley and Richard Nixon , before asking his parishioners for " donations".<br /><br />Rabbit first goes up against Madigan , a virulently racist and homophobic white police officer and the bag man for the Mafia , who demonstrates his contempt for African Americans in various ways , including a refusal to bathe before an anticipated encounter with them ( he believes they 're not worth it ) . When Madigan finds out that Rabbit has been taking his payoffs , he and his cohorts , Ruby and Bobby , are led to a nightclub called " The Cottontail".<br /><br />A black stripper distracts him while an LSD sugar cube is dropped into his drink . Madigan , while under the influence of his spiked drink , is then maneuvered into a sexual liaison with a stereotypically effeminate gay man , and then shoved into clothes that women were representative of the racist archetype , adorned in something racist , and finally shoved out the back of the club where he discovers that Ruby and Bobby are dead.<br /><br />Then , while recovering from his delirium of being drugged , shoots his gun around randomly , and is shot to death by the police after shooting one of them.<br /><br />Rabbit , Bear , Fox and the opponent boxer rush out of the boxing arena as it blows up . The live - action story ends with Randy and Pappy escaping while being shot at by various white cops , but managing to make it out alive.<br /><br />This movie was controversial at that time of release , and was re - edited by the director several times under the title , Street Fight , which is obvious , since Street Fight is a 2005 documentary about racism in the streets . In fact , this movie has the same subject as the documentary.<br /><br />That caused Bryanston Pictures , the distributor of this film and the original Tobe Hopper classic , Texas Chainsaw Massacre , to go out of business . Because Paramount wanted to produce and distribute this film , but due to racism , Bryanston took over Bakshi 's production.<br /><br />Despite the controversy , it was worth the entertainment . The animation was awesome at that time , the plot makes sense , and it 's actually funny too.<br /><br />FINAL VERDICT : 9/10
1 OK , OK , do n't get bent out of round . I was kidding.<br /><br />"Bustin ' Out " is actually a better and truer title anyhoo.<br /><br />Racism and crime dramas get the satiric treat meant from our X - rated animator friend Ralphie boy . And he does one of his better jobs here.<br /><br />On the crime front it shows the truth . They build it , defend it , then boredom and stronger rivals cause them to ( maybe ) lose it . See for yourself to see what goes down.<br /><br />Racist ? I do n't know . With Scatman ( RIP ) and the love walrus ( also RIP ) being black and the main point of view , I saw it as an attack on racism mostly . The fact that Richard Pryor liked it says as much as well . And the younger ( pre " Miami Vice " ) Phil Mike Thomas in there was a nice surprise.<br /><br />It 's an animated " Blacksploitation " film . That 's a good thing . Done well and well done . It will make some squirm ( like the lynching scene ) but unfortunately that 's based on fact.<br /><br />But Ralphie REALLY should have re - thought that title .
1 I remember when I was five and my parents thought it was a regular cartoon movie .... except when the bras and bullets started flying . I have to agree this movie will make anyone and everyone upset because it is set to discriminate everyone and anyone .... but the truth is it is funny as hell as it is deep . I recommend this to anyone who likes cult classics . Also try Fritz the cat and the NINE Lives of Fritz the Cat . If I 'm correct Ralph Bashki did that movie too . It involves a cat that goes through hard times with family , streets , jobs , etc . When I was old enough I rented all of these movies out . Because Coonskin was an offensive title during that era it was also labeled as Street Fighter . Ralph Bashki also made Cool World starring a very young Brad Pitt . Heavy traffic was another cartoon that dealt with the street life of a young man .
1 This is one of the most brilliant movies that I have seen in recent times . Goes way above even any international movie of any repute . I am really surprised why this has not received the recognition it deserved . Sonali Kulkarni winning the National Award is perhaps the only consoling fact . Renuka Daftardar simply amazes as she speaks volumes through her eyes . There are a few scenes that stand out : When Gauri comes back from the city on Krishna 's wedding , she and Krishna meet for the first time in many years . Krishna notices a change in Gauri , but not a single line of dialogue is said . The entire gamut of emotions is conveyed through subtle mannerisms and the eyes . There 's another towards the end when Krishna pleads to Abhay Kulkarni to marry Gauri instead . If you are not moved by that scene , you do n't have a heart.<br /><br />Watch this movie for sheer movie - making brilliance and acting capabilities .
1 This is one of the best movie I have ever seen . My parents comes from rural India and to some extend I have seen the life of the villagers . Peoples are really poor and have financial and social problems . < br /><br />The movie just reflects exactly the same . Full credit to the director and the actor . They have done an excellent job . I just wonder how can movies like Lagaan and Paheli can go for Oscar and not Doghi . I do n't understand the criteria on which the movies are selected . Is the money that makes the difference or having some big names in the movie makes the difference.<br /><br />Hope to see more movies like this in the future .
1 Doghi is a wonderful movie and Renuka Daftardar is excellent . So is Uttara Baokar who is usually excellent in most of her roles . Along with Kairee , its an example of Marathi cinema at its best . There are certain parts in both movies that tend to the didactic - it would have probably enhanced the movie to not have the few scenes where the social message is hammered in . These scenes probably emerge from the film - maker 's political concerns but the movie is realistic and moving enough to not need it . But apart from such minor quibbles , its a movie that deserves to be seen more and one I strongly recommend . Sumitra Bhave 's concern and humanism shines through .
1 This is a really well made movie . Sumitra Bhave has always made sensible cinema and this is my favourite film by her . This movie should have won the National Award and would have been my pick to represent India at the Oscars . It is at least a thousand times better than ' Shaaws ' , which is going to the Oscars , from India , this year.<br /><br />It is such a pity that the information about this ( and all other Indian movies ) on IMDb is lacking and sometimes even wrong . Sadashiv Amrapurkar played a very important character in this movie and he is not even credited on these pages . The rest of the cast and crew too are not mentioned at all . Awards and nominations for this movie are not given even when Sonali Kulkarni won the Indian National Award for this movie . There was not even a single vote cast for ' Doghi'.<br /><br />'Doghi ' is not a Hindi movie . It is Marathi , and thankfully escapes the song and dance sequence , does not get tangled up in glitzy glamour and half - witted designer ware . It is a real life , soulful story that is made with a rare understanding and respect.<br /><br />'Doghi ' which can roughly be translated as ' two women ' is a story of two sisters , Gauri and Krishna . It is actually a very simple story , Sumitra Bhave does not venture into many sub plots , and that makes it a very difficult film to direct . The entire movie is set in a non - descript remote village in Maharashtra and the screen rarely ventures far from the house of the two female protagonists . No aesthetic sunsets in this one.<br /><br />The movie opens and we are introduced to the entire house , which is preparing for Gauri 's wedding . Gauri and Krishna 's father being a hard working farmer , the house is full and happy ; there is nothing wanting in their simple lives . However on the eve of the wedding Gauri 's to - be - husband meets with a fatal accident . Gauri 's father can not bear the tragic news and suffers a major stroke . Without a strong , working member the house could have fallen apart but Gauri 's mother shoulders the responsibility . She works as and when she can , but can not make ends meet . But her life still , is easier than Gauri 's . Superstitions , that people half - heartedly try to forget , make Gauri an evil luck bringer . She is outcast from the society.<br /><br />Gauri 's mother writes to her brother . Desperate for help she accepts his suggestion . He takes Gauri off to Mumbai where she is made to work in brothels . Gauri sends home the money she earns and their conditions improve . Gauri gives her life for that of her family's.<br /><br />However when Gauri returns home for Krishna 's wedding , her mother does not come out to meet her . She does not allow Krishna near her and does not allow Gauri in front of the guests . She loves Gauri but fears for Krishna 's life . This breaks Gauri completely and she decides to return to her unfortunate life . But Krishna runs out and holds Gauri . She begs her beloved sister to return . Krishna promises to stand by her . Promises that they would face the world – together.<br /><br />There is nothing that is not required in this movie . Everything is necessary and sufficient . Gauri goes off to Mumbai but what she does there is never told – the subtle dialogues tell us what there is to know . It just the bare story , which is profound in its simplicity.<br /><br />'Doghi ' is responsible cinema . It is respectful to the subject it handles . It is respectful towards its audience – it does not think them to have the mental capability of a four year old.<br /><br />The acting is first rate . The direction is marvelous – the silences carry the story forward in a way , no words could have . The script is well researched.<br /><br />Anyone who appreciates good cinema is bound to like ' Doghi ' .
1 I was waiting to see this movie from a long time . It 's promos gave a fair idea about the content and when I finally saw it , I really find it was quite well made . Most of the conventional romantic movies end with the lovers finally getting married or start of with a happy life after marriage but there is really a great adjustment needed for this transition from an old life to a new relation and life . This is what this movie is all about the period when a newly we d couple Fardeen and Esha get married through an arranged marriage and start off their life with their honeymoon . The acting is really spell binding though I think Esha remained a bit quiet and she could have used some lines for herself . The story was well knitted and dialogs were more or less appropriate . The editing and direction were also good , Meghna Gulzar really did a good job here . To summarize I would say it is a good drama cum romance , a true combination of what Bollywood can offer a clean entertainer .
