1 Although I do n't usually go for relentlessly heartwarming fare like this , I happened to catch the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD ( AitO ) on cable one Saturday morning just as it was starting . Being an Adrien Brody fan , I was curious to see what Brody was like as a youth of 21 ( 20 when he filmed it , I suppose ) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling , utility infielder for the California Angels ( in the 1951 original , the hard - luck baseball team was the Pittsburgh Pirates . The name change is a nice touch , since it turns the title into wordplay ) . I decided to give the flick a chance , and it turned out to be a pretty painless , even amiable experience , with a decent balance of laughs , tears , sweetness , and baseball - based excitement . Also , my 7-year - old daughter liked the angel effects ! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith 's frequent collaborator William Dear , AitO is the story of Roger ( Joseph Gordon - Levitt ) , a foster child who prays real hard after his ne'er - do - well dad ( the convincingly sleazy Dermot Mulroney ) sarcastically says they 'll be a family again once the last - place California Angels win the pennant . Soon Roger starts seeing real angels at the Angels ' games , led by Christopher Lloyd , whose usual zany , eccentric irreverence keeps AitO from plummeting irretrievably into The Schmaltz Zone . Crusty manager George Knox ( Danny Glover in world - weary , exasperated mode ) is a hard sell , but once the team starts winning , he believes Roger 's angel sightings , and soon Knox has Roger and his cute li'l pal and fellow foster kid J.P. ( the adorable Milton Davis Jr. ) at every Angels game for good luck . Knox even starts toning down his own temperamental outbursts and profane language , as much to appease the angels as for the kids ' sake , resulting in a funny bit when he starts dressing down an umpire in his usual way but starts editing himself as he goes along . Predictable obstacles ensue , such as obnoxious sportcaster Ranch Wilder ( Jay O. Sanders ) trying to make trouble for Knox because of the angel angle . Sure , it all works out fine for our heroes in the end , but they 're so darn amiable you do n't mind ! :-) Baby - faced Brody has a couple of good lines ( I especially like his exchange with Glover about the emotional impact of the National Anthem at a ballgame ) as well as a cute bit where a pretty blonde angel massages his shoulders before he goes up to bat . Brody is n't the only future star in AitO 's lineup : his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough , and of course , young Gordon - Levitt went on to co - star in TV 's 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN as well as such films as 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU . The always - amusing Taylor Negron and Oscar winners ( but not for this film :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend able support . If you 're a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for the kids and check out some notable young actors before they became stars , AitO ' 94 will do nicely .
1 At first you think another Disney movie , it might be good , but it 's a kids movie . But when you watch it , you ca n't help but enjoy it . All ages will love this movie . I first saw this movie when I was 10 and now 8 years later I still love it ! Danny Glover is superb and could not play the part any better . Christopher Lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part . Tony Danza is so believable as Mel Clark . You ca n't help , but to enjoy this movie ! I give it a 10/10 !
1 I think this is a lovely family movie . There are plenty of hilarious scenes and heart - warming moments to be had throughout the movie . The actors are great and the effects well executed throughout . Danny Glover plays George Knox who manages the terrible baseball team ' The Angels ' and is great throughout the film . Also fantastic are the young actors Joseph Gordon - Levitt and Milton Davis Jr. Christopher Lloyd is good as Al ' The Angel ' and the effects are great in this top notch Disney movie . A touching and heart - warming movie which everyone should enjoy .
1 I saw this film on TV many years ago and I saw this film when I got this on tape . I thought that this was reasonably well done . It was not the best of all movies , but it was good enough . The movie has enough talent to inspire many people , especially younger kids . The acting was good , with Danny Glover leading the cast . The plot line was not very believable , but the script was well written . This movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans . It does not directly apply to a action - packed sports movie . It directly applies to a nice film that you can watch with your family and learn some messages that are hidden in this film . Overall , the film was good , but not great . I give this a movie a 7/10 .
1 This was a top - notch movie with a top - notch cast . Danny Glover , Tony Danza , Joseph Gordon - Levitt , and especially Christopher Lloyed are well - cast in this charming movie about real - life angels helping the Angels baseball team . You never know , it could happen . I loved Lloyd 's role in it . He was hilarious . The story is about turning your life around , as the kid 's belief in Angels helped turn around angry , hardened , and embittered manager Glover see the best in people . The movie was well made and also about seeing the best in people and reaching your dreams . It was funny , charming , touching , and sad , all very nicely done . You will like ( or love ) it . I guarantee.<br /><br / > * * * out of * * * *
1 This film was pretty good . I am not too big a fan of baseball , but this is a movie that was made to help understand the meaning of love , determination , heart , etc.<br /><br />Danny Glover , Joseph Gordon - Levitt , Brenda Fricker , Christopher Lloyd , Tony Danza , and Milton Davis Jr. are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport . The plot was believable , and I love the message . William Dear and the guys put together a great movie.<br /><br />Most sports films revolve around true stories or events , and they often do not work well . But this film hits a 10 on the perfectness scale , even though there were a few minor mistakes here and there.<br /><br />10/10
1 One piece of trivia that is often forgotten about this family film is one of business.<br /><br />At the time , in 1994 , this movie held the record for the biggest movie premiere in motion picture history ( and may continue to hold ) . It was held in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania - no doubt in honor of the original film 's " Angels " who " haunted " the Pittsburgh Pirates . In this remake they " haunt " the California Angels.<br /><br />Anyway , the premiere was held at the long gone Three Rivers Stadium which was the home of the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Pittsburgh Steelers at the time ( the Pirates are now housed in PNC Park and the Steelers at Heinz Field ) . The premiere was held on a movie screen that was five stories in height inside the stadium and held ( and may even continue to hold ) the record for the largest movie premiere in history , shown to 60,000 fans . Danny Glover , Tony Danza and Christopher Lloyd were all in attendance to the admiration of thousands of sports fans .
1 This movie , while seemingly based off of a movie of the same title in 1951 released by MGM and starring Janet Leigh , is still a great film . Danny Glover in one of his best performances brings George Knox , a down on his luck baseball manager with a short temper , to life . As for this movie being " stacked " , how about adding Christopher Lloyd ( his stage experience works and shows through in his performances on screen , a wonderful actor ) , Joseph Gordon - Levitt ( Third Rock from the Sun ) , Brenda Fricker ( a charming and well seasoned Irish actress ) , Tony Danza ( yes even he is good in this film ) , Matthew McConaughey ( he stole the show in Dazed and Confused , and his role may not be as pivotal in this film , but he got exposure ) , Adrien Brody ( what I said about Matthew McConaughey goes the same for Adrien , except the Dazed and Confused part ) , some great character actors like Taylor Negron ( David ) , Tony Longo ( Messmer ) , Jay O. Sanders ( Ranch Wilder ) , Neal McDonough ( Whitt Bass ) and a seasoned veteran in one of his final performances , Ben Johnson ( Hank Murphy , the owner of the California Angels ) , and the rest of the cast does a great job , plus a great storyline that is uplifting to pretty much anyone , I do n't care what recesses of depression you 're in . I loved this film as a kid , and it brings back memories when I watch it today . I need this on DVD . I recommend it to any parent who 's looking for something their kids have not seen , and everybody else , for that matter .
1 I have to say despite it 's reviews Angels in the Outfield was a pretty good movie . I like the fact how it teaches kids to always have faith and never give up because yes miracles can happen . Unlike the other baseball movies this one particular movie stood out because of hits amazing special effects and well orchestrated soundtrack which was very interesting . Though I liked this movie it did have some flaws such as some irrelevancy ( i.e. Towards the end when Ray Mitchell hits a homer he does n't step on the plate and therefore that would n't be a score . But that 's just nitpicking . ) I have to say i was really impressed with this movie 's presence and moral : Just have faith , Do n't give up .
1 The quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time . Pam Dixon branches out in the film industry to recruit blue - chip prospects and make this work of art a must - see . Academy Award winners Brenda Fricker ( Home Alone : Lost in New York , A Time to Kill ) , Ben Johnson ( The Last Picture Show , Red Dawn ) , and Adrien Brody ( The Pianist , The Village ) amplify the atmosphere of the movie , drawing in an anxious audience . However , the dramatic performances are neutralized by quirky radio broadcaster Jay O. Sanders ( JFK , The Day After Tomorrow).<br /><br />The story is centralized around a foster child , up - and - coming actor Joseph Gordon - Levitt ( Brick , The Lookout ) . Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. delivers a tear - jerking performance as the longtime friend who never knew his parents . The two do n't have much , but what they do have : Angels ' baseball , and what they are seeking : identity . That 's when 4-time Emmy Nominee Danny Glover ( Lethal Weapon , Predator 2 ) comes in to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager , George Knox . In relation , all characters in the story seem to have the same mission : search within themselves to find out who they really are.<br /><br />Depressed over the fact that Roger ( JGL ) is separated from his father , he wishes to God for reunification if the Angels can take the pennant . Odds are astronomical , but 3-time Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd ( Back to the Future , My Favorite Martian ) comes in as the omniscient overseer to work a little magic ( pun ) . Before you know it , Al ( Lloyd ) is sitting with Roger in the stands , snacking on cracker jacks , and causing some of baseball 's biggest boners ! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells ' ( DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner ) 1951 screenplay is done justice under the finger of mastermind William Dear ( nominated in Directors Guild of America ) . He includes a touching side story centered around pitcher Mel Clark , played by Tony Danza ( 4-time Golden Globe nominee , Emmy nominee ) , who in relation to all other cast members is just trying to find his place in a confused Anaheim . Clark has been dubbed a wash - up , a once big - name in Cinci , but he has something to prove to Manager Knox.<br /><br />Spoiling this nail - biting plot would simply be the equivalent to committing adultery in the 18th century . This one is a diamond in the rough , and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until all come to peace . Did I mention a cameo by Matthew McConaughey ( A Time to Kill , We Are Marshall ) for all you ladies out there ?
1 I happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon . I have to admit that I 've never been a big baseball fan , but I can sometimes get into a good sports - related movie . What I found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system . As a therapist who has seen both the good and the bad of the community mental health and foster system , I though it was rather refreshing to see a movie that showed both the ups and downs of this system : people jumping from family to family , biological parents not always taking an active involvement , and transitions that can be but heart - wrenching and heart - melting . Joseph Gordon - Levitt and Danny Glover are the anchor of this film , and both bring very believable performances . Maybe it was just my emotional state , but I did find myself shedding a tear at the end of the film .
1 GREAT movie and the family will love it ! ! If kids are bored one day just pop the tape in and you 'll be so glad you did!!!<br /><br />~~~Rube < br /><br />i luv raven - s !
1 One of Disney 's best films that I can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome , but who cares ? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty - two minutes . and after all was n't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway ? The cast sparkles with delight . -magictrain
1 One of Disney 's best films that I can enjoy watching often . you may easily guess the outcome , but who cares ? its just plain fun escape for 1 hour forty - two minutes . and after all was n't movies meant to get away from reality for just a short time anyway ? The cast sparkles with delight . -magictrain
1 this movie was one of the best disney movies i 've ever seen . great for the entire family to watch . the ideas may be a little far - fetched , but it 's a feel - good comedy and the acting is great . love the little boy , j.p . and academy award winner adrien brody 's part may have been very short , but very memorable . highly recommended .
1 Christopher Lloyd is funny and really believable as " Al the head angel " . This movie is much better than the first , but it has great special effects that the first did not have as well as a much better plot and writing.<br /><br />OK - it was written for kids , but adults have as much fun as the kids do . Tony Danza does a very realistic job in his role - but this is NOT a Taxi reunion.<br /><br />Danny Glover is actually good and even seems to be very human in his emotions as well as showing some real acting talent for a change , a pleasant change.<br /><br />Watch at least once - it is worth the effort to catch it .
1 This movie is perfect for families to watch together . It is a great film and it deserves more credit . The special effects are stunning and spectacular . Everyone who has children should share this with theirs .
1 " Angels in the Outfield " was originally a 1951 movie from the Ted Turner library ; Disney remade it in 1994 , this time , using the California Angels ( now the Los Angeles Angels ) as the team ( Disney used to own this and the Anaheim Mighty Ducks Hockey Team ; also , good use of the words , huh?????).<br /><br />This movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family . A man promised the boys a family , only if the Angels won the pennant . So , he called upon God one night about this . The boy who prayed could see the help coming on the way ( and ONLY that boy ) ; for instance , when the first angel had come down , a player hit a ball so hard not only did the bat break , so did the ball ! ! ! ! ! For much of the post - All Star season of 1994 , the Angels were at the top of the AL West ( of which my home team the Rangers is one and it still is ) . However , they lost a game because the boy was at court instead of the White Sox / Angels game ( there was no Central Division in Baseball back then , hence Chicago being in the West ) , and no angels were there to help . Thus , a new rule was created : no angels can help in championship games . But wait ! In the final championship game , the Angels won ! ! ! ! ! It was a miracle indeed!<br /><br />What I liked about this film : This is a good movie . I mean , I prayed every night for the last few years asking for help with school and stuff ; look at me now ! My work was good ! ! ! ! ! So for one , this shows that if you believe , God can send His angels down to help you with any troubles that you may have in life . And second , this is a family baseball movie , which is always exciting . This is an old Disney movie , too ; I 've seen this just recently on the New Disney Channel ( blech!!!!!).<br /><br />"Angels in the Outfield " will change your life forever once you 've seen it!!!!!<br /><br />10/10
1 Yeah , the archetype of a simple but inspirational movie . The very end when the entire crowd in the stadium gets up and the people raise their hands gives me a chill whenever I see it . That 's just brilliant . Joseph is wonderful as the lonely and sad kid who has so far been disappointed by anyone and anything in his life . The way he interacts with Danny Glover and tries to make him believe in the magic and the angels is funny and exhilarating . A very nice family movie with - I concede - a rather corny happy end . But hey , it does n't really matter , the movie retains its basic quality by the good acting and the inspirational themes .
1 With all the " Adult " innuendos in todays family movies its nice to see one where you do n't have to worry about that and can just sit back and enjoy a family with your kids . Yes , this movie might have a few swear - words ( there 's that time where Knox swears , but they do n't let you hear the full words ) , but for the most part this movie is truly as clean as they come ( and that 's including movies from back in the day ) . Not only that , its very enjoyable , one of my favorites , and just a great clean and fun movie to watch with the family.<br /><br />The only thing I have against this movie is that it is too short and I wish there could be more of some of the memorable parts that are in it , I 'm not going to mention them because I do n't want any spoilers here.<br /><br />All in all nicely done and a great movie to watch ; so go out and get the kids , make some cookies , and watch this movie !
1 But how can you stand to mange a baseball team that ca n't win . For George Knox , it is not easy . As the movie opens , Roger Beaumont ( Joseph - Gordon - Levitt ) and his best friend J.P ( Milton Davis Jr. ) are riding on thier bikes around the angels ' stadium . When they return to thier foster mother 's home , Roger is suprised to have a visit from his dad ( Dermot Mulroney ) . His mom is dead ! And when he asks his father when they going to be a family again , he father jokes " I say when the angels win the division championship " So later on , Roger and J.P hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball . When the manger George Knox ( Danny Glover ) take out his pitcher , the pitcher gets mad and gets into a fight with him , and soon the angels team get into the fightm that gets Knox ejected from the game . That night Roger makes a prayer , for the angles win the championship . When his foster mother Maggie Nelson ( Brenda Ficker ) agrees that Roger and J.P go to a basball , Roger sees real angles come on the field and helps the left fielder ( Matthew McConaughey ) makes a catch , that leaves the manger and the play - by - play man ( Jay . O Sanders ) how did he to that . Roger learns from the head angel ( Christopher Lloyd ) that only he can see the angles , because he was the only that prayed for help . < br /><br />10/10
1 You know , this movie is n't that great , but , I mean , c'mon , it 's about angels helping a baseball team . I find the plot line to be hilarious anyways , this kid 's dad says he 'll take him back if the angels win the pennant ( because he knows they wo n't ) Kid prays to his fake god to help the angels win , god helps the whole time ( via the angel Christopher Lloyd , RIP ) And in the end , his dad does n't take him back and rides off on his motorcycle right in that kids face . it 's hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it 's friend.<br /><br />I guess the upside is that the old lady is left alone to die with her stitchin ' projects and her stories . The real winner here , though , is god . Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.<br /><br />As a kids movie , it gets a 7 . As a movie about the mysteries of blind , stupid faith , and the nature of " god , " it gets a 10 .
1 This is an excellent film for female body - builder & female action fans ! I think that Sue Price did a great job in this film series ( Nemesis 2,3,4 ) and proved to be a great fighter . She has a very striking appearance and a will of iron to resist the powerful Nebula ( Nemesis 2 ) . Though not a film of great value and Sue Price 's acting skills not the best to have met in my life , the movie itself was something awesome , a priceless gem for fans of female body - builder action ! Well , some parts of Nemesis 2 have been copied by other famous sci - fi films , such as Terminator or Predator , but that 's not the point . The point is that A.Puyn casted in that film a very talented body - builder who put all of her energy and body talent to show us the best she can do . I really enjoyed that film and watched with the same enthusiasm Nemesis 3 ( a rather boring sequel ) and Nemesis 4 ( a much more interesting sequel than 3 ) . What a pity it has n't shown yet on DVD :-(
1 I enjoyed Albert Pyun 's " Nemesis " for its cheesy action and semi - complicated script . A lot of people complain about the " confusing " plot to the first film , which is probably why " Nemesis 2 : Nebula " has a dumb as rocks plot with the same super - action to carry it through.<br /><br />This one gives the name of the first movie 's hero , Alex , to a bulked up super - female sent to the past to save the future . She is raised by a tribe in Africa . A good portion of the film only has dialogue in an African tongue without subtitles , which I liked because it made it seem somewhat authentic ( how often do movies in this genre really try to do that ? ) . It does n't take long for the evil cyborgs to time travel back in time to find her and try to kill her.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong , this is a piece of crap ( not that the first one was anything great ) . There are subplots involving Africa 's political unrest , treasure hunting , and tribal combat . The picture is very short on brains , so none of these things gets a very good treatment . The picture is basically a drawn out fight with some chases that boils down to muscle - babe vs. cyborg . It has its entertainment value , just do n't expect quality , or anything of the first movie .
1 The Clouded Yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations . Barry Jones and Kenneth More are both terrific in supporting roles in characters that both have more to them than what meets the eye . Jean Simmons is quite good , and Trevor Howard makes a fascinatingly offbeat suspense hero .
1 A delightful little thriller opens with Trevor Howard in his Jag convertible and ends on a dockside in Liverpool . It 's all thrills and spills as the ex - spy has to restart his career just as he 's getting some serious R & R cataloguing butterflies ( how British is that?).<br /><br />Trevor Howard and Jean Simmons frolic from London to Newcastle - upon - Tyne to Liverpool ( via Ullswater ) - he 's just been thrown out of MI5 or something , and she , you guessed it , is on the run , wrongly accused of murder . There 's seedy docks , rolling Lake District hills , sheep , country pubs , coppers getting lost , waterfalls , a bunch of amateur cyclists , rooftop chases , and lots of Chinamen ( do n't ask ) , and it 's all very Hitchcocky and Hannayesque ... <br /><br /> .. and a smashing example of British Noir ...
1 A young woman ( Jean Simmons ) is convinced by her scheming and dangerous aunt ( Sonia Dresdel ) and uncle ( Barry Jones ) that she 's losing her mind and in very delicate condition that requires their supervision which turns out to be more like manipulation , as they try to keep her as far away from outside human contact as possible . The only other person she sees is the estate caretaker , a lascivious character played by Maxwell Reed , whose caught the wayward eye of the middle - aged aunt . All of this , the aunt and the caretaker , the butterfly expert uncle who has a serious underside to him , and the susceptible niece in the middle , would have made for a darker and more sinister film . As it is , a frame - up for a murder sends Trevor Howard ( a fired government secret service agent who took a job at the estate cataloging butterflies ) and Simmons across the countryside escaping police , catching headlines of " Police Net Closing In " over her front page photo , hopping on buses , and winding up in Liverpool , where they meet some wonderfully cast characters , and finally face down the greedy and murderous aunt and uncle .
1 This film plays really well with an audience . Especially once the chase begins . Plus , Trevor Howard with his sensible , smart charms and Jean Simmons with her innocent demeanor and piercing eyes are terrific together.<br /><br />The film starts as a psychological drama but after the murder it segues into a chase thriller as the two leads head for the border . Some may think the chase is superfluous but actually the chase is essential because it aids in clearing the mind of the Jean Simmons character by getting her out of the oppressive household , plus it helps bring out the real killer - who is suddenly put into such a position that they have to finish the job . The killer rightly believed that once the Simmons character was arrested she would be put away . And it is true that her lack of control in the household - as well as evidence pointing her way - there is no way she would have gotten out of the murder charge . The chase that ensues helps bring out the truth.<br /><br />This is an entertaining film . Seek it out if you can find it .
1 Hitchcock was of the opinion that audiences are n't really interested in what puts protagonists into danger - only that they ARE in danger , and need to escape.<br /><br />This film proves Hitchcock was not 100 % correct . Police believe Jean Simmons is guilty of a crime , when she plainly is n't . Trevor Howard decides their best course of action is to run for it . And so , the body of the movie has our charismatic pair dodging on and off trains , buses and coaches - jumping across rocks at the top of a waterfall - scrambling across dockyard roofs.<br /><br />All good exciting stuff - but I could n't get out of my mind that it was all unnecessary . They should have stayed put.<br /><br />In other words , the MacGuffin was n't strong enough .
1 This documentary on schlockmeister William Castle takes a few cheap shots at the naive ' 50s-'60s environment in which he did his most characteristic work -- look at the funny , silly people with the ghost - glasses -- but it 's also affectionate and lively , with particularly bright commentary from John Waters , who was absolutely the target audience for such things at the time , and from Castle 's daughter , who adored her dad and also is pretty perceptive about how he plied his craft . ( We never find out what became of the other Castle offspring . ) The movies were not very good , it makes clear , but his marketing of them was brilliant , and he appears to have been a sweet , hardworking family man . Fun people keep popping up , like " Straight Jacket " 's Diane Baker , who looks great , and Anne Helm , whom she replaced at the instigation of star Joan Crawford . Darryl Hickman all but explodes into giggles at the happy memory of working with Castle on " The Tingler , " and there 's enough footage to give us an idea of the level of Castle 's talent -- not very high , but very energetic . A pleasant look at a time when audiences were more easily pleased , and it does make you nostalgic for simpler movie - going days .
1 William Castle is notorious among horror fans as the B - grade director of the 1950s and 60s . His gimmicks , his cost - cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary . It comes as no surprise , then , that someone ( Jeffrey Schwarz , who 's made countless documentaries ) would finally take the time to devote a documentary to his greatness . Such is " Spine Tingler : The William Castle Story".<br /><br />I had a general understanding of who Castle was , having seen some of his films over the years . I knew nothing about her personal life , his goals and ambitions . This film really fleshed out the man and gave me a fuller appreciation for the devotion he had for the craft of film - making and his contributions to the horror genre . The movie depicts Castle as rival to Alfred Hitchcock , with Hitch being the artist who wins praise while Castle is the carnival barker who gains cult notoriety , but much less respect . He is an icon to all second - rate directors out there , which is why it 's not surprising that John Waters is featured prominently in here . ( Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have sizable roles . ) < br /><br />His gimmicks were what drove his fame , and the documentary takes great pains to explain them , which is crucial for those who are too young to remember . The rudimentary 3-D of " 13 Ghosts " ( see separate review ) , the buzzer in the seat for " The Tingler " ( see separate review ) , money back guarantees for " Homicidal " ... watching these films now outside the theater , we can judge them for their content ( which , personally , I still enjoy ) but we can not fully appreciate what audiences once felt.<br /><br />The climax of the film is when Castle goes from cult director to Hollywood producer . Having bought the rights to " Rosemary 's Baby " , he is put in a very special place for negotiating its film release . Hoping to direct , he is sidelined to producer in order to make way for new director Roman Polanski . While at first disappointed , this proves to be one of the best opportunities of his lifetime -- a hugely successful film , and a job he excels at . Who better to control the purse of wild artist Polanski than a penny - pinching Castle ? This was to be his crowning achievement , though sadly the film is more often connected to Polanski than Castle.<br /><br />The remainder of his years are played out , and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and niece . Across the board , everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man . Somewhere along the way , he surely upset one or two people , but you would never know it from this film . And I find that find -- this is a celebration of Bill Castle 's life , not " E ! True Hollywood Story " . Fans of the genre would do well to pick up a copy of this work.<br /><br />I would personally recommend picking up the William Castle Collection , which has not only this but eight of Castle 's films in it , with plenty of special features . Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary so you can hear how Schwarz was personally affected by Castle , and have Castle 's daughter Terry giving a running reflection of her experiences with the different films and remakes . It 's almost a whole new film .
1 I gave it a 10 , since everyone else seemed to like it and it would have been churlish not to . The reason I 'm troubling you is to add a personal observation on Castle 's work.<br /><br />I've seen " Homicidal " and " The Tingler " ( the version with the clever colour sequence where everything except the blood is in black and white ) a few times and " The House On Haunted Hill " many times.<br /><br />Even I am not old enough to have seen them when Castle was up to his showman tricks , thus I can appreciate them for their own merit . And while most pass him off as second - rate , schlocky , hammy , etc . , I believe they do him a disservice.<br /><br />The end sequence of " Homicidal " is GENUINELY shocking and works today - and the premise of " The Tingler " while silly , was highly original.<br /><br />But " The House On Haunted Hill " was a TRIUMPH . Having used that Frank Lloyd Wright house as its exterior , the great Vincent Price and a solid cast , plus a good score and production values - when I first saw it at a packed late - night showing in the late Sixties , it produced an audience reaction I 'd not seen before and have not seen since.<br /><br />It was the bit where the heroine is alone in the basement ( if you 've not seen the film , stop reading NOW ) and we are waiting to hear the hero on the other side of the wall.<br /><br />With NO telegraphing of what is coming , the camera slowly pulls back , forcing the AUDIENCE to switch their gaze to ... I 'm saying no more ( my " spoiler " declaration above only covers THIS movie).<br /><br />The point is , I believe this ploy was DELIBERATE - not accidental - and when it happened , the WHOLE AUDIENCE SCREAMED ( including most of the men ! ) It took the audience about TEN MINUTES to calm down.<br /><br />Now THAT is superior film - making . A flamboyant showman he might have been , but " House " and the other two films I 've mentioned were GOOD MOVIES . Castle may not have been a Hitchcock , but he was no Ed Wood , either.<br /><br />It 's easy to concentrate on someone 's quirks and forget to examine their TALENT . So I hope this documentary acknowledged that . I look forward to seeing it .
1 - After their sons are sentenced to life in prison , Adelle ( Debbie Reynolds ) and Helen ( Shirley Winters ) begin receiving threatening phone calls because someone fells their sons got off easy . The pair decides to move to California to escape the publicity of the trial and to start a new life . They start a dance school that is soon very successful . One of the students has a rich unmarried father with whom Adelle quickly falls in love . In the meantime , Helen is busy raising rabbits and becoming a little too infatuated with an evangelist on the radio . It 's only a mater of time before everything falls apart and the women enter a world of madness and murder.<br /><br />- I ca n't help but compare What 's the Matter with Helen ? to Whoever Slew Auntie Roo ? , also starring Shelly Winters . Where that movie seemed almost restrained in its presentation of Auntie Roo 's madness , there 's nothing holding Helen back in this movie . It may take a good deal of the movie 's running time , but once she snaps , Helen is one Bad Mad Mutha . You do n't want to mess with her . Winters is so delightfully demented that it was impossible for me not to enjoy her performance . I 'm not going to spoil the movie , but the things Helen is capable of are totally over - the - top.<br /><br />- As good as Winters is , Reynolds is totally ridiculous in her role as the gold - digging tap dancer . I got the impression that she thought she was in a movie that would get her nominated for some award . This ai n't Citizen Kane ! Quit acting so serious . Hey , Debbie , do n't you realize that you 're main purpose is to be a victim of Winters ' insanity.<br /><br />- I just love these former - female - stars - in - the - twilight - of - their - career horror movies . What 's the Matter with Helen ? is as fun as any .
1 Well , here 's another terrific example of awkward 70 's film - making ! The rudimentary premise of " What 's the matter with Helen ? " is quite shocking and disturbing , but it 's presented in such a stylish and sophisticated fashion ! In the hands of any other movie crew , this certainly would have become a nasty and gritty exploitation tale , but with director Curtis Harrington ( " Whoever Slew Auntie Roo ? " ) and scriptwriter Henry Farrell ( " Hush  Hush  Sweet Charlotte " ) in charge , it became a beautiful and almost enchanting mixture of themes and genres . The basic plot of the film is definitely horrific , but there 's a lot more to experience , like love stories , a swinging 1930 's atmosphere and a whole lot of singing and tap - dancing ! The setting is unquestionably what makes this movie so unique . We 're literally catapulted back to the 1930 's , with a sublime depiction of that era 's music , religion , theatrical business and wardrobes . Following the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life - imprisonment for murder , Adelle ( Debbie Reynolds ) and Helen ( Shelley Winters ) flee to California and attempt to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls . Particularly Adelle adapts herself perfectly to the new environment , as she falls in love with a local millionaire , but poor old Helen continues to sink in a downwards spiral of insanity and paranoia . She only listens to the ramblings of a radio - evangelist , fears that she will be punished for the crimes her son committed and slowly develops violent tendencies . The script , although not entirely without flaws , is well written and the film is adequately paced . There 's never a dull moment in " What 's the matter with Helen " , although the singing , tap - dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and much unrelated to the actual plot . But the atmosphere is continuously ominous and the film definitely benefices from the terrific acting performance of Shelley Winters . She 's downright scary as the unpredictable and introvert lady who 's about to snap any second and , especially during the last ten minutes or so , she looks more petrifying than all the Freddy Kruegers , Jason Voorhees ' and Michael Myers ' combined ! There are several terrific supportive characters who are , sadly , a little underdeveloped and robbed from their potential , like Michéal MacLiammóir as the cocky elocution teacher , Agnes Moorehead as the creepy priestess and Timothy Carey as the obtrusive visitor to the ladies ' house . There are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of genuine shock to enjoy for the Grand Guignol fanatics among us , but particularly the set pieces and costume designs ( even nominated for an Oscar ! ) are breathtaking .
1 The 1930s . Classy , elegant Adele ( marvelously played with dignified resolve by Debbie Reynolds ) and batty , frumpy Helen ( the magnificent Shelley Winters going full - tilt wacko with her customary histrionic panache ) are the mothers of two killers . They leave their seamy pasts in the Midwest behind and move to Hollywood to start their own dance school for aspiring kid starlets . Adele begins dating dashing millionaire Lincoln Palmer ( the always fine Dennis Weaver ) . On the other hand , religious fanatic Helen soon sinks into despair and madness.<br /><br />Director Curtis ( " Night Tide , " " Ruby " ) Harrington , working from a crafty script by Henry Farrell ( who wrote the book " Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? " was based on and co - wrote the screenplay for " Hush ... Hush , Sweet Charlotte " ) , adeptly concocts a complex and compelling psychological horror thriller about guilt , fear , repression and religious fervor running dangerously amok . The super cast have a ball with their colorful roles : Michael MacLiammoir as a pompous elocution teacher , Agnes Moorehead as a stern fire - and - brimstone radio evangelist , Yvette Vickers as a snippy , overbearing mother of a bratty wannabe child star , Logan Ramsey as a snoopy detective , and Timothy Carey as a creepy bum . An elaborate talent recital set piece with Pamelyn Ferdin ( the voice of Lucy in the " Peanuts " TV cartoon specials ) serving as emcee and original " Friday the 13th " victim Robbi Morgan doing a wickedly bawdy dead - on Mae West impression qualifies as a definite highlight . David Raskin 's spooky score , a fantastic scene with Reynolds performing an incredible tango at a posh restaurant , the flavorsome Depression - era period atmosphere , Lucien Ballard 's handsome cinematography , and especially the startling macabre ending are all likewise on the money excellent and effective . MGM presents this terrific gem on a nifty DVD doublebill with " Whoever Slew Auntie Roo ? ; " both pictures are presented in crisp widescreen transfers along with their theatrical trailers .
1 Some of the background details of this story are based , very , very loosely , on real events of the era in which this was placed . The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case along with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson.<br /><br />The story begins with two mothers ( Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds ) being hounded as they leave a courtroom . The crowd seems most intent on doing them bodily harm as their sons were just convicted of a heinous thrill crime . One person in the crowd apparently slashes Winters ' hand as they make their way to a waiting car.<br /><br />Soon after they arrive home , they begin getting threatening phone calls , so Reynolds suggests they both move to the West Coast together and open a dance school . The dance school is s success and they cater to incredibly obnoxious parents who think their child is the next Shirley Temple . One of the parents of these spoiled kids is a multimillionaire who is quite smitten with Reynolds and they begin dating . Life appears very good . But , when the threatening phone calls begin again , Winters responds by flipping out -- behaving like she 's nearing a psychotic break and she retreats further and further into religion -- listening on the radio to ' Sister Alma ' almost constantly . Again and again , you see Winters on edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things ! ! I wo n't say more , as it might spoil this suspenseful and interesting film.<br /><br />In many ways , this film is a lot like the Bette Davis and Joan Crawford horror films of the 1960s like " Whatever Happened to Baby Jane ? " , " Straight - Jacket " and " The Nanny " . While none of these are exactly intellectual fare , on a kitsch level they are immensely entertaining and fun . The writing is very good and there are some nice twists near the end that make it all very exciting . Winters is great as a fragile and demented lady and Reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39 year - olds I 've ever seen -- plus she can really , really dance.<br /><br />My only concern about all this is that some might find Winters ' hyper - religiosity in the film a bit tacky -- like a cheap attack on Christianity . At first I felt that way , but when you meet Sister Alma , she seems sincere and is not mocked , so I took Winters ' religious zeal as just a sign of craziness -- which , I assume , is all that was intended.<br /><br />By the way , this film is packaged along with " Whoever Slew Auntie Roo ?"-- another Shelley Winters horror film from 1971 . Both are great fun ... and quite over - the - top !
1 I had watched ( and recorded ) this a few years back on local TV and , having been underwhelmed by it , I subsequently erased the tape ; however , when it was released by MGM as part of a " Midnite Movie " double - feature DVD of Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters films for a very affordable price , I could n't resist giving it a second look ( this has since gone out - of - print ) . Actually , I received the DVD a few months ago but only now , with Harrington 's passing , did I get to it ; thankfully , this time around I was more receptive to the film and , in fact , now consider it one of the more satisfying WHATEVER HAPPENED TO BABY JANE ? ( 1962 ) imitations ( with whom , incidentally , it shared screenwriter Henry Farrell).<br /><br />The film offers a splendid evocation of 1930s Depression America - with its child - star craze and sensational murders ( exploited during the fake newsreel opening ) ; it 's stylishly made ( kudos to Lucien Ballard 's cinematography and the set design by Eugene Lourie ' ) and boasts an effective David Raksin score . Shelley Winters , Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver excellent performances ; the latter is especially impressive as the larger - than - life and vaguely sinister diction coach ( though he ultimately proves a mere red herring ! ) . Also featured are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead ( hers is only a cameo , really , as the evangelist she plays is mostly heard over the radio).<br /><br />Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by the kids ( including an amusing Mae West imitation ) , but I personally was n't bothered by them ; the film does slightly overstay its welcome due to an unhurried pace and ( perhaps needlessly ) convoluted plot . Reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally cast as the dancing - school owner and , despite their on - set rivalry , she and Winters work well together . The latter , in fact , gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insanity than in WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO ? ( 1971 ) ; the narrative , then , comes up with a number of ironic twists that lead up to the expected Grand Guignol - type denouement . Apparently , the film was toned down ( it originally contained more gore and even a suggestion of lesbianism ! ) by producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington 's wishes - in order to get a PG rating ...
1 Yes , a tap dancing horror thriller ........ with Shelley and Debbie ! Goody Goody . This is demented and campy fun and part of the guignol cycle of the 60s that leaked into the 70s . Released as a double feature with the Burt Reynolds comedy FUZZ this mad scare is so bonkers as to be throughly entertaining . Like a mix of DAY OF THE LOCUST , THE OTHER and BABY JANE , I suggest any prospective viewer take on the idea that this is almost meant to be skew - iff and sit with someone with whom you can shriek and elbow all through it . Actually , get drunk whilst you watch it ..... on cheap champagne . Again , with many 30s film ideas they are also about delusion ; the struggle of the time for a better life getting bitter and twisted by emotional madness falling into murder . But this one is just plain crazy . It also reminds me a lot of BLOODY MAMA the De Niro - Winters shlock fest that makes this film look positively glorious .
1 this was a very good movie i wished i could find it in vhs to buy , i really enjoyed this movie i would definaetly recommend this movie to watch i would like to see it again but can never find it in tv , it would be well worth the time to watch it again
1 I just saw this movie on HBO , and it was really good ... a tragic love story indeed ! I really appreciated the fact that the guy at the heart of the story had lost the use of his legs in an accident . It 's rare to see a love story involving someone who is physically handicapped . The love that developed between that character and the woman who comes into his life nicely portrayed how I 'd like to think love can heal someone 's heart . Laura Leighton ... all of 27 when she made this movie ... was great as the woman so full of life she 's able to revive this guy 's heart . Unfortunately , since his family is wealthy and her 's is not , " problems " develop.<br /><br />It 's playing on HBO some more times this month . Check out the schedule here - http://www.hbo.com/apps/schedule/ ScheduleServlet?ACTION_DETAIL = DETAIL&FOCUS_ID=598947
1 This is simply the epitome of what a made for TV movie should be . It was a lazy Sunday afternoon when my wife and I were in grad school that we stumbled upon this . The cheesy acting . The poorly written script . The good ol' boys . The ridiculous , yet somehow obvious , cliché , and banal premise . The riding in pickup trucks with your propped - up wife - corpse . It has it all.<br /><br />You will meet familiar characters : gold - digging hussy , stupid rich boy who wants to make it on his own , friends - who - know - better , Daddy who knows better but drives son away . And the wife - corpse . Propped up . In a pick - up . < br /><br />Wow : and the title . Several things in our lives have been " Texas Tragedies " since watching this beauty . Everyone involved in its creation deserves a medal .
1 This movie is one of the many " Kung Fu " action films made in Asia in the late ' 70s - early ' 80s , full of cheap sound effects , dubbed dialog and lightning fast martial arts action . But unlike most films of this genre it also has a decent plot and lots of great comedy . When workers of a dye factory are forced out of their jobs by Manchu bullies , they hire a con - artist ( Gordon Liu ) to try to scare them off . When his attempt fails miserably , he cons his way into a Shaolin temple to learn to fight for real . But instead of making him a Kung - Fu student , the Master instead orders him to build a scaffolding to cover the roofs of all 36 chambers . Well , it turns out that while he 's performing these menial tasks ( stacking and tying bamboo poles ) that he 's learning the skills to be a Kung - Fu expert ! It 's sort of like in Karate Kid when Mr. Miagi teaches Daniel the basics of karate by having him do routine household chores- " Wax on , wax off " et cetera . There 's lots of great comedy from beginning to end , and plenty of action at the end when Gordon Liu once again faces his Manchu tormentors . " This time it 's not just tricks- it 's the real thing ! " Liu declares , proudly thumping his chest . If you like classic Kung Fu films you do n't want to miss this one !
1 I agree with another user here and have to say that this is one of the best Kung Fu movies ever ! I watched this as a kid and absolutely loved it ! The scaffolding scenes are brilliant and you can really empathise with this guy because he is treated as an outcast . Nice humour and fantastic kung fu this movie rocks ! If you like Kung Fu you would love this ! ! !
1 This movie has a lot of comedy , not dark and Gordon Liu shines in this one . He displays his comical side and it was really weird seeing him get beat up . His training is " unorthodox " and who would 've thought knot tying could be so deadly ? ? Lots of great stunts and choreography . Very creative!<br /><br />Add Johnny Wang in the mix and you 've got an awesome final showdown ! Do n't mess with Manchu thugs ; they 're ruthless !
1 Return To The 3th Chamber is the comedic sequel to the epic 36th Chamber Of Shaolin , in which Gordon Liu played Shan Te , a young man who became a monk and awesome fighter . In this sequel Liu plays a hapless loser who has to learn kung fu after causing his friends to be beaten . He imitates the original Shan Te , tries all manner of tricks to get into Shaolin Temple to learn and eventually gets some unique skills to fight some bullying bosses . Its a classic light hearted martial arts tale , with the ace production values of the Shaw Brothers and the sure footed direction of Lui Chia Liang . The choreography is fantastic throughout , whether for fighting or slapstick comedy and Gordon Liu 's performance , as are the others , particularly the sympathetic monk work perfectly for the material . The film is less epic or profound than some of the stars other work and there are certainly grander , more violent and sweeping Shaw Brothers films . But few have such a magical blend of slapstick , unique training and fighting , with a subtle yet warming tale of a useless guy making good . Full of light hearted joy , its impossible not to give this the highest score .
1 Return to the 36th Chamber is one of those classic Kung - Fu movies which Shaw produces back in the 70s and 80s , whose genre is equivalent to the spaghetti westerns of Hollywood , and the protagonist Gordon Liu , the counterpart to the western 's Clint Eastwood . Digitally remastered and a new print made for the Fantastic Film Fest , this is " Presented in Shaw Scope " , just like the good old days.<br /><br />This film is a simple story of good versus evil , told in 3 acts , which more or less sums up the narrative of martial arts films in that era.<br /><br />Act One sets up the premise . Workers in a dye - mill of a small village are unhappy with their lot , having their wages cut by 20 % by incoming manchu gangsters . They ca n't do much about their exploitation because none of them are martial arts skilled to take on the gangsters , and their boss . At first they had a minor success in getting Liu to impersonate a highly skilled Shaolin monk ( one of the best comedy sequences ) , but their rouse got exposed when they pushed the limit of credibility by impersonating one too many times.<br /><br />Act Two shows the protagonist wanting to get back at the mob . However , without real martial arts , he embarks on a journey to Shaolin Temple , to try and infiltrate and learn martial arts on the sly . After some slapstick moments , he finally gets accepted by the abbot ( whom he impersonated ! ) but is disappointed at the teaching methods - kinda like Mr Miyagi 's style in Karate Kid , but instead of painting fences , he gets to erect scaffoldings all around the temple . Nothing can keep a good man down , and he unwittingly builds strength , endurance and learns kung - fu the unorthodox way.<br /><br />Act Three is where the fight fest begins . With cheesy sound effects , each obvious non - contact on film is given the maximum impact treatment . But it is rather refreshing watching the fight scenes here , with its wide angled shots to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partners , and the use of slow - motion only to showcase stunts in different angles . You may find the speed of fights a tad too slow , with some pause in between moves , but with Yuen Wo Ping and his style being used ad - nausem in Hollywood flicks , they sure do n't make fight scenes like they used to ! Return to the 36th chamber gets a repeat screening on Monday , so , if you 're game for a nostalgic trip down memory lane , what are you waiting for ?
1 I saw this movie once on late night t.v . and knew it was the best movie ever . This is one of the few Kung - Fu movies with a decent plot . The progression of the main character is seamless . The whole movie is great !
1 I thought this would be a sequel to the original " 36th Chamber of Shaolin " but actually it 's more of a light - hearted " sister " to the original . Gordon Liu still stars as a would - be hero on a quest to learn kung fu to defeat those pesky Manchus ... but this time around it 's lighter and more comedic . The film centres around the local dye mill , where wages are cut due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian bosses . Liu plays " Chao " , who is able to fool the mill bosses into thinking he is a shaolin monk possessing almost magical kung fu skill . But his luck runs out , he is exposed as a fraud , and he promises the mill workers that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu , and return to protect them.<br /><br />The comedy really begins at the monastery where Chao makes several bungling attempts to get accepted . This sets up lots of really funny moments , and lots of great fight choreography . Continuing in the " 36th Chamber " tradition we see all kinds of neat and interesting ( and supremely hokey ) training methods at the monastery as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons.<br /><br />Also unique and of note is the blending of kung fu and the craft of bamboo scaffold building . Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin but is made to build bamboo scaffolding for the " 10 year restoration " of the monastery . On the DVD I bought there is a special on bamboo scaffold building and the inspiration that director Lau Kar - Leung drew from it . This is a craft many hundreds ( perhaps thousands ) of years old , and in Hong Kong scaffolding is still built of bamboo even on large high - rises , though the West exclusively uses steel tubes and clamps . As a result of his scaffolding work , Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what kind it is , he hilariously replies " scaffolding kung fu ! ! " which he first tests during a dust - up with the monastery 's Abbot . In the final confrontation with the Manchus , there is a dazzling array of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties.<br /><br />From a comedy perspective , I think it 's one of the best of the kung fu genre . As a kung fu film in general , it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone !
1 Brilliant film , the next best film to The Drunken Master ( Jackie Chan ) . I recently bought it on an original VHS and i have n't seen this film for 15 years but still as good as it was back then . The acting was terrible and the dubbing was even worse but it those features that make this film ( and many other old fashioned Chinese kung - fu movies ) great . The choreography is awesome and the storyline is basic . I have never seen the 36th chamber of shaolin but know it is the same film but Gordon liu plays San Te but San Te in Thr Return To The 36th Chamber is played by a different character . It has a lot of comedy value and brilliant kung - fu .
1 After 21 movies and three years of working in Hollywood Bette Davis finally got a role she claimed as her own and which put her as a force to be reckoned with . As Mildred Rogers , Davis burst forth with a completely unsympathetic role of a slutty waitress who becomes the target of Leslie Howard 's affections , and already eager to sink her teeth into a role like this , she had no qualms of the awful things her character was meant to do throughout the course of the film and the awful transformation she would undergo . It also has been widely noted that her performance here , one of the few things that makes this slightly uneven movie watchable , has been the one to remember even after two remakes and the scenes where she rips into Howard have made cinema history.<br /><br />At circa 85 minutes , the story moves at a nice pace , telling the story of Philip Carey ( Howard ) as his life crosses that of the destructive Mildred Rogers over and over again.<br /><br />Howard and Davis ' chemistry is all but non - existent -- Davis sustained in an interview much later in life she personally did n't care much for Howard 's iciness towards her and that helped her act even worse ( in character ) towards him as Mildred . All the same , the two seem awkward with one another ; their scenes together remain stiff , only salvaged by the ferocious acidity Davis brings to her lines and her own nervous presence . Then again , Cromwell 's direction has a certain stiltedness about itself that fails to come through at times -- he tries to fill in some space ( whenever Davis is not there ) with dissolves and montages indicating the passing of time ( a calendar superimposed over a changing Frances Dee ) . All much in the style back then . This was before technicalities and complicated camera angles came into being , and in essence , the visual story is a simplified , bare essentials translation of the Somerset Maugham 's novel -- which is saying a lot , since at 600 pages , " Of Human Bondage " would have been indeed hard to film even then.<br /><br />Storywise , it feels that Philip Carey may be something of a glutton for punishment , since there is no discernible , sexual attraction between he and Mildred and to compound that , Mildred never hides her displeasure from the get - go . Howard 's performance never seems to go through much external emotion -- his eyes are constantly sad , his expression never veers too far away from lost ( he could almost be a distant cousin to William Hurt in " The Accidental Tourist " -- dejected , hurt , and absolutely passive ) , but this is possibly a part of his character and the reason he fails to see that other women ( played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee ) are making themselves vulnerable to unrequited affections . Interestingly , Johnson 's Norah , once she realizes Carey will never fall for her , is the one who sums the story up with her observation that people are bound to other people -- she is bound to Carey as Carey is bound to Mildred , and Mildred herself is bound to Miller ( or men who fit the role of provider ) . In her short but memorable scene , she 's the one who holds the essence of the story 's moral .
1 Of the three remakes on W. Somerset Maughan 's novel , this one is the best one , and not particularly because what John Cromwell brought to the film . The film is worth a look because of the break through performance by Bette Davis , who as Mildred Rogers , showed the film industry she was a star . Finally , her struggles with Jack Warner and his studio paid off royally.<br /><br />The film is dominated by Mildred from the start . We realize from the beginning that Mildred does n't care for Philip and never will . She does n't hide her contempt for this kind soul that has fallen in love with the wrong woman . He will be humiliated by Mildred again , and again , as she makes no bones about what she really is.<br /><br />Poor Philip Carey , besides of being handicap , is a man who is weak . When he tries to cling onto Mildred , she rejects him . It is when Mildred returns to him , when she is frail and defeated , that he rises to the occasion , overcoming his own dependency on this terrible woman who has stolen his will and his manhood.<br /><br />Bette Davis gives a fantastic portrayal of Mildred . This was one of her best roles and she ran away with it . Her disgust toward the kind Philip is clear from the onset of their relationship . When she tells him she washes her mouth after he kisses her is one of the most powerful moment in the movie . Leslie Howard underplayed Philip and makes him appear even weaker than he is . Frances Dee , Reginald Denny , Alan Hale and Reginald Owen , are seen in minor roles.<br /><br />This is Bette Davis show , and do n't you forget it !
1 * * SPOILER ALERT * * W. Somerset Maugham classic on film about a love obsessed young man who 's abused hurt and humiliated by the object of his obsession to the point of losing everything he has only to find true love in the end under the most unusual circumstances . < br /><br />Leslie Howard plays the role of Philip Carey a sensitive young artiest in Paris trying to make a living by selling his paintings . Told by a local art expert that his work is not at all good enough to be sold to the art going public Philip decides to go back to his native England and study medicine and become a physician in order to help others . < br /><br />Philip being born with a club foot is very hypersensitive about his awkward condition and makes up for that by being a very pleasant and friendly person . One afternoon Philip is at a local café with a fellow medical student and spots pretty waitress Mildred Rogers , Bette Davis , and immediately falls in love with her . Mildred at first rebuffs the love - sick Philip but later realizing just what a sap he is takes advantage of his feelings for her . Mildred has him spend himself into poverty buying her gifts and taking her out to the theater every time she off from work . Phlip also falls behind on his studies , by paying so much attention towards Mildred , at the medical university and fails his final exams . < br /><br />Going into hock buying an engagement ring for Mildred in an attempt to ask for her hand in marriage the cold hearted Mildred tells the startled Philip that she 's already engaged to be married to Emil Miller , Alan Hale . It turns out that he 's one of the customers at the café that she 's always flirting with . < br /><br />Philip broke and heart - sick slowly get his life back together and later retakes his medical exam and passes it and at the same time finds a new love in Nora , Fay Johnson , a writer for a local love magazine . Later to Philip 's shock and surprise Mildred walks back into his life . < br /><br />Mildred telling Philip that her husband Emil , who 's child she 's carrying , threw her out of the house has the kind and understanding Philip take her back at the expense of Nora who was very much in love with him . It later turns out that Mildred was n't married to Emil but had a child out of wedlock by having an illicit affair with him ! Emil it turns out was already married . < br /><br />As before Mildred takes advantage of Philip 's kind heart for her and her baby daughter , where he supports them with food medical attention and shelter , to the point where he again goes broke and ca n't continue his studies ending with her leaving Philip ; after having a very heated and emotional encounter with him . Out on the streets with nowhere to go Philip is taken in by Mr. Athanly , Reginald Owens , who he once treated at the hospital and falls in love with his daughter Sally , Frances Dee . < br /><br />Later Philip has his club foot corrected at the medical center and with the help of Mr. Athenly gets back to being a doctor . It 's then when he encounters Mildred again who 's really at the end of her rope . Dying of tuberculosis and having lost her daughter she 's all alone with no one to look after her . Philip now well to do and respected in medical circles does all he can to help the sick and poor Mildred but in the end she succumbed to her illness and passes away.<br /><br />Mildred had the love and devotion in Philip all those years that he was in love with her but choose to abuse him and have affairs with man who were just like her , cold unfeeling and selfish . In the end Mildred got back just what she gave to the kind and sensitive Philip : She became both unloved and alone . Philip found in the sweet and caring Sally everything that Mildred was n't and in the end also found the true love that he was looking for all of his life .
1 This movie , even though it is over 70 years old is still a very moving , strong film . Bette Davis , as the slutty , vicious Cockney waitress Mildred is absolutely believable . Watching her performance is still spellbinding . She makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time . Leslie Howard 's performance as the weak , obsessed Phillip Carey is not as strong , but I do n't see how any actor could hold their own against Ms. Davis 's performance . She chews up the scenery in every scene she is in , totally stealing the show . This is the movie that sealed her stardom and she deserved to win the Academy Award , but lost . It was shocking for it 's day what with themes of unwed pregnancy , multiple sex partners , and Mildred 's vicious language so it is somewhat dated , but still an excellent movie . Just to see the scene where Mildred tells Phillip what she REALLY thinks of him ( " You cad , you dirty swine .... " ) is still some of the greatest acting I have ever seen on film .
1 Several features of this film immediately date it . The sound is rather shrill and one realizes what great strides have been accomplished in sound reproduction in the ensuing years . The language of the dialogue is rather quaint and unnatural and the acting is still reminiscent of its transition from the stage techniques.<br /><br />Bette Davis always gives a strong performance in all her films as she does in this early period of her very successful career . I do feel however that somehow the cockney accent does not fit the facial expression . I think it is the assumed cockney accent that does not ring true for me.<br /><br />Somerset Maughan loves to delve into human relationships of great dramatic intensity which will please all movie - goers . As in so many of her character roles , Bette Davis can switch from a beautiful seductive woman to a viper full of fiery hatred . Leslie Howard is well cast as the withdrawn English artist with a club foot desperately seeking a partner and making a bad choice in a scheming little waitress.<br /><br />Towards the end of the film the young doctor meets his true love in a busy street . They cross through the traffic completely oblivious to a multitude of horns and whistles screaming at them . This scene is possibly meant to be funny , but i find it quite ridiculous in this otherwise very serious film . It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face . And after all as far as we can see ( and hope for ) it is a happy ending .
1 How amazing this film is ! I 've seen it over and over throughout the years and I 'm always spellbound by it . The reason why the film is so easy to re - watch is , of course , the arresting performance given by the young Bette Davis . She not only steals every scene that she 's in , but is actually much prettier and better photographed here ( not to mention sexier ) than she was in any of the films that she had made thus far at her home studio , Warner Brothers ( this film was made by R.K.O. Radio Pictures ) . She wears a very flattering make - up and has very attractive hairstyles and oh , those lovely big eyes ( especially , in the restaurant scenes that take place in London 's Soho ) . Her body was so curvy when she was young . Get a load of it in the cheap negligee that she wears for her big explosive confrontation scene with Leslie Howard . And oh boy , she is an absolute powerhouse in that scene . Howard is a little too nervous throughout , but he does captures the hero 's sensitivity . Frances Dee scores as the sweet , pretty young Sally who truly loves him . Max Steiner 's score is both charming and poignant . Splendid performances and thirties flavor make this the must see version of the classic novel .
1 Coming shortly before the imposition of a morality code darkened the spirits of writers , directors and actors , the first film adaptation of W. Somerset Maugham 's " Of Human Bondage " titillated countless moviegoers . It has no shock value today , just fine acting.<br /><br />While the cast is excellent , this is Bette Davis 's first great role and one of Leslie Howard 's best performances . Howard is English wannabe Parisian artist Philip Carey who is gently and firmly told that he lacks any talent and that his dedication is no substitute for true genius . Taking the lesson to heart he returns to London and enrolls in a medical college ( one , by the way , that seems to have no female students - at that time there would have been at least a few . Perhaps author / physician Maugham did n't care for distaff medicos).<br /><br />Having tea one day Carey is entranced by a waitress , Mildred Rogers , Bette Davis in a role as a morally loose and basically wicked farrago . Her Cockney accent is as sharp as Eliza Doolittle 's . His repeated attempts to date her are greeted with the less than enthusiastic reply , " I do n't mind , " a sure sign for any man with his head screwed on straight that he 's plumbing the depths . Maugham 's Mildred supplemented her waitress tips with a bit of old fashioned street - walking , something not clearly brought out here.<br /><br />Carey 's besotted prostration serves Rogers ' avaricious need for support of the financial kind . He is desperately in love with her - she plays him as a Sunday church organist effortlessly plies her instrument . No sex here . Recognizing that he is getting nowhere , he begins a chaste relationship with Norah , a woman who adores him . Re - enter Mildred , replete with a baby , and in her usual need of being taken care of . Exit heartbroken Norah . < br /><br />Another separation from Mildred and Carey begins a long - term friendship with Sally , abetted enthusiastically by her dad who seems to view eventual marriage as both a good thing for the two young people and a chance to be relieved of one of his nine offspring.<br /><br />The movie reasonably but not entirely follows Maugham 's excellent novel . Howard 's Carey is naive and vulnerable and for much of the movie his sad eyes remind one of a doe facing a double - barreled shotgun . Mildred is unrestrainedly wicked , a user of the worst kind , her sole preoccupation with her own needs barely disguised when she tries to wheedle Carey with a thin patina of affectionate words ( and offers - at one point she promises she 'll do " anything [ he ] wants , " a daring statement for the times and one I 'm sure audiences fully understood.<br /><br />Pre - Code it may be but Mildred 's quick - march dissolution would have satisfied the League of Catholic Decency . The ending is conventional - sin loses , principled behavior triumphs.<br /><br />Director John Cromwell wrought excellent performances from his two main stars , one well - established , the other established largely because of this film . The atmosphere is 1930s London and the trip back in time is worth taking.<br /><br />Available on DVD.<br /><br />9/10 ( for Davis 's and Howard 's performances )
1 Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is worth experiencing . Before Davis co - stars with Leslie Howard in " Of Human Bondage , " she 'd been in over a score of movies . Legend has it that Davis was ' robbed ' of a 1935 Oscar for her performance as a cockney - speaking waitress , unwed mother & manipulative boyfriend - user , Mildred Rogers . The story goes that the AFI consoled Davis by awarding her 1st Oscar for playing Joyce Heath in " Dangerous . " I imagine Davis ' fans of " Of Human Bondage " who agree with the Oscar - robbing legend are going to have at my critique 's contrast of the 1934 film for which the AFI did n't award her performance & the 1936 film " Dangerous , " performance for which she received her 1st Oscar in 1937.<br /><br />I've tried to view all of Bette Davis ' motion pictures , TV interviews , videos , advertisements for WWII & TV performances in popular series . In hindsight , it is easy to recognize why this film , " Of Human Bondage , " gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for her performance . She was only 25yo when the film was completed & just about to reach Hollywood 's red carpet . The public began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of her performance in " Of Human Bondage . " That is what makes it her legendary performance . But , RKO saw her greatness in " The Man Who Played God , " & borrowed her from Warners to play Rogers.<br /><br />I'm going to go with the AFI , in hindsight , some 41 years after their astute decision to award Davis her 1st Best Actress Oscar for " Dangerous , " 2 years later . By doing so , the AFI may have been instrumental in bringing out the very best in one of Hollywood 's most talented 20th century actors . Because , from " Of Human Bondage , " onward , Davis knew for certain that she had to reach deep inside of herself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue . Doubtless , she deserved more than 2 Oscars ; perhaps as many as 6.<br /><br />"Dangerous " provides an exemplary contrast in Davis ' depth of acting characterization . For , it 's in " Dangerous " ( 1936 ) that she becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century . Davis is so good as Joyce Heath , she 's dead - center on the red carpet . Whereas in " Of Human Bondage , " Davis is right off the edge , still on the sidewalk & ready to take off on the rest of her 60 year acting career.<br /><br />Perhaps by not awarding her that legendary Oscar in 1935 , instead of a star being born , an actor was given incentive to reach beyond stardom into her soul for the gifted actor 's greatest work.<br /><br />It is well known that her contemporary peer adversary was Joan Crawford ; a star whose performances still do n't measure up to Davis ' . Even Anna Nicole Smith was a ' star ' . Howard Stern is a radio host ' star ' , too . Lots of people on stage & the silver screen are stars . Few became great actors . The key difference between them is something that Bette Davis could sense : the difference between the desire to do great acting or to become star - struck.<br /><br />Try comparing these two movies as I have , viewing one right after the other . Maybe you 'll recognize what the AFI & I did . Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century at 25yo & achieved her goal by the time she was 27 . She spent her next 50 plus years setting the bar so high that it has not been reached . . . yet.<br /><br />Had the AFI sent her the message that she 'd arrived in " Of Human Bondage , " Davis ' life history as a great actor may have been led into star - struck - dom , instead .
1 I happen to like Leslie Howard , in his better films . Yet , for some reason , his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE never has moved me tremendously . I first saw the film on my college campus in 1972 and the reviewer in the college newspaper made the comment that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played the roles supposedly later picked up by Dirk Bogard as the man who was born to be betrayed . This is not usually the case ( off hand I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who might be betrayed , if he and Scarlett O'Hara were meant to be an item by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie , not Scarlett ) . Howard could play any type , and a role like R. J. Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one who is betrayed.*<br /><br />(*One can make the case that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers he shows hospitality to in 49TH PARALLEL , but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal , westerner , Canadian - fair game to double cross in wartime . It is n't the same as emotional betrayal , and Howard does not shrivel up as a result , but faces the Nazis and captures one after beating him up . ) < br /><br />I think what the reviewer meant was that Howard could be soulful - or try to be soulful . Witness his poet - dreamer - wanderer in THE PETRIFIED FORREST . But that character was not betrayed , except by history perhaps ( as he feels his type is as out of date as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart ) . The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham 's OF HUMAN BONDAGE is soulful too . He is sensitive for several reasons . He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE he has no real talent . So he decides to concentrate on medical studies , accentuated by a club foot condition he has . Here he is a man with low self - esteem who is set up to be betrayed.<br /><br />Philip finds that betrayal in the form of Mildred a Cockney waitress ( Bette Davis ) who is mercenary and as selfish as they come . Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the film , but he does find the woman fascinating . And she finds him an easy meal ticket . Ironically in being so captivated by this slut , Philip fails to notice two other women who are interested in him ( Kay Johnson and Frances Dee ) , and are more fit to be his mate . He also keeps finding himself forgiving Davis when she has affairs with other men ( Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter a friend of Howard 's ) . < br /><br />Although Howard 's performance captures the doormat tendency of Philip towards Mildred , he really does not show enough passion ( until late in the movie , when he turns on her ) . That is why I find I never cared for his performance here - it lacks any reality . His later tortured insistence in GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland , not Vivian Leigh , has more consistency with a man in love . But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important . She had a wide variety of parts up to 1934 , like the girlfriend of the deaf pianist in THE MAN WHO PLAYED GOD or the spoiled heiress who gets murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse - like secretary in THREE ON A MATCH . As Mildred she finally showed she could be a major actress by playing a selfish bitch.<br /><br />Curiously her performance was not all of one note . While she uses and abuses Howard for two thirds of the film , culminating in that famous scene where she shows how disgusted his kissing of her made her , her last scenes show she too could fall apart due to her health deteriorating , and her inability to keep any honest jobs . When Howard rejects her the viewers fail to note how equally vicious he becomes ( he asks what happened to her baby - she tells him the baby died and Howard says brusquely that he is glad , which is hardly the response she expects ) . In the end Howard does finally get his life in order , but Mildred ends a casualty ( ironically her death discovered by her old boyfriend Denny on a medical call ) . The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences did fail to nominate Davis in 1934 ( leading to the largest write - in campaign in it 's history , and a permanent change in it 's rules ) , but Davis was established as a star . In one year she won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS . And in two years she co - starred with Howard again ( as equal stars ) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST .
1 This movie is about sexual obsession . Bette Davis plays Mildred . This is a woman who men are drawn to . Not because she is a nice beautiful girl but because she is a sexual entity . Now the movie does not come out and say that but it is obvious . There is a scene in the movie in which men are all going googly eyes over her . She works as a waitress in a coffee shop , she ca n't read and she not really anybody to look at but she is a flirt . It is obvious the male customers in that coffee shop are there because of her . One day Phillip a club footed failed painter medical student comes in the shop to say a good word for his friend but he becomes besotted the moment he sees her . He starts buying her things even pays for her apartment . Meanwhile she is seeing other people and she makes no secrets of it . He dreams about her like she is a angel , but she is no angel . He is constantly thinking about her . His med school grades are even failing . So what the nookie is too good . He wants to marry her but she rejects him because she is marrying another guy . She always lets Phil know she really does n't have love feelings for him all of time . He is heart broken but he meets another woman . They seem fine but it is obvious he is still dreaming of the Bimbo . Mildred does comes back with a baby and unwed . Phillip takes her in again , but she starts going out with a friend of his , the light bulb comes on a little and he kicks her out . She does what she knows works so she tries to seduce him , well it does n't work and she proceeds to burn his tuition money up . Oh we have a club foot that he has problems about , even though a street teenager who has the same problem tells him to lighten up about it . He meets another girl named Sally we have a March of time montage which shows her aging while he strings her along still waiting for Mildred . Well he has no school tuition , ca n't find a job . Finally Sally and her dad takes him in . Not before another March of Time montage showing him going downhill . Soon his uncle who raised him dies and he gets money to become a doctor . Meanwhile he finds Mildred needs him again . She has TB . meanwhile he is still leading Sally down the Primrose path about marriage and he takes a job on a steamship . Finally the bimbo dies and Phillip declares he is free now and he will marry Sally . I wished she told him to stuff it . Now I know my take on the characters are not going to get me any points . But I feel Phillip was the bad guy . Yes Mildred is a Strumpet BUT he knows it , and he keeps coming back . Mean while he has two other girlfriends who love him but he treats as appetizers . I guess the sex was n't as good . But in any case he dogs those women waiting for Mildred . Not only that but the man who gets Mildred pregnant is already married and when Philip asks him what he intends to do about Baby ( apparently the baby 's name ) he laughs is off , he has no intention in supporting her and Baby and he is wealthy . Sally 's father who has 9 children say some pretty nasty things about women but he is said to be a old traditionalist . Philip does n't seem to refute his feelings either . Men are using Mildred as a Boy Toy but the men in this movie come out as unscathed . Yes she was not a respectable woman but far from a villain . To me it is Philip who was had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred .
1 Enjoyable in spite of Leslie Howard 's performance . Mr. Howard plays Philip as a flat , uninteresting character . One is supposed to feel sorry for this man ; however , I find myself cheering Bette Davis ' Mildred . Ms. Davis gives one her finest performances ( she received an Academy Award nomination ) . Thanks to her performance she brings this rather dull movie to life . * * Be sure not to miss when Mildred tells Philip exactly how she feels about him .
1 The movie concerns about Philip(Leslie Howard)he 's a serious but handicapped medicine student .He falls fatally in love with a heartless , predatory waitress called Mildred(Bette Davis).She leaves him , engaging with others(Alan Hale , Reginald Denny).Meanwhile he is romanced with another suitors(Kay Johnson , Frances Dee)but she goes back in a mutually destructive affair.<br /><br />Easily the best and first of numerous films versions of Somerset Maugham 's novel . Bette Davis as the cockney cruel waitress winning yet another magnificent interpretation with an alluring and smouldering performance , absolutely hypnotic in her account of the bondage that occurs from the beginning to the finale . Davis rose the stardom with her performance . Her role as tough and crude domineering woman will be repeated several times in posteriors acting . Leslie Howard as the essentially good and decent student subtly destroyed gives an excellent and melancholic performance . He was an awesome actor(Gone with the wind)besides producer and writer and dead in plane crash during WWII . Both will play again in ¨Petrified forest¨(1936 ) . The atmosphere film is elaborately recreated in the RKO(Radio Picture Inc ) studio is entirely convincing . Remade in 1946 by Edmund Goulding , with Eleanor Parker and Paul Henreid ; and in 1964 by Ken Hughes with Kim Novak and Laurence Harvey . The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs . Rating : Very good but a little bit dated .
1 Bette Davis ' cockney accent in this film is absolutely appalling . I totally understand that Americans and other nationalities might n't realise this and that 's fine ; but believe me , it 's about half as good as Dick Van Dyke 's cockney accent in Mary Poppins , and that was a right load of old pony ( slipped into London vernacular there - many apologies).<br /><br />The remarkable thing to me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do n't detract from the films ' power . Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial faults . It also has to be viewed in perspective . The technical and cultural limitations of film making at the time have to be appreciated , and given those limitations John Cromwell does a very good job directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop cinematically rather than solely via the mannered acting and stilted dialogue . A fine example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station . It is beautifully conceived , shot and edited . Note too the stark shots of the prostrate Mildred towards the end of the film ; they owe more to the early days of artistic film making than the sanitised , formulaic world of the studio that was about to dominate.<br /><br />The themes of the film are universally familiar and compelling ones : sexual obsession , unrequited love , scorned passion , self - loathing , manipulative relationships , social divides and youthful folly . Though the dialogue is often rather hackneyed , the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner lives of the characters is tackled well albeit in a low - key way . Some of the scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to watch but the story does n't descend into cliché ; we 're aware that the characters ( even the poisonous Mildred ) are both victims and perpetrators , and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstanding of each others feelings as well as by wilful selfishness . Whilst naive in style the story reaches to the complex heart of the human condition and the mannered nature of the acting and the occasionally grating exchanges do n't diminish the veracity of the work.<br /><br />Of Human Bondage was one of the films that got Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and whilst watching it you are conscious of being witness at the birth of a celebrated career . Her unconventional beauty and screen charisma ( no one flounced or did disdain quite like Ms Davis ) grab your attention from her first appearance . Whilst hers is definitely the memorable performance in the film , Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey . They are a good combination , though , why oh why did n't he help her with that terrible , terrible accent ! ?
1 This is a well directed film from John Cromwell who was not a great director but who did make some fine films including the 1937 version of ' The Prsoner of Zenda ' . Set in a London that only Hollywood could manage , atmospheric but nothing like the real thing , it is a story of obsession and thwarted love , from the novel by Somerset Maughan.<br /><br />I was looking forward to seeing it on DVD as I had never seen it before and being a great admirer of Bette Davis wanted to see her in a role considered one of her early great ones . So I bought it . Well she looked fine but I 'm sorry to say her London cockney accent just made me laugh . Bette Davis was one of the greatest film actors , make no mistake , but here she did make one . It was impossible to take her character seriously . It was n't as gruesome as the Dick Van Dyke ' Mary Poppins ' cockney accent but close.<br /><br />In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it superbly . He was a subtle and intelligent actor The supporting actors acquit themselves well . Worth watching despite Ms Davis ' vocal gymnastics .
1 I just saw " Of Human Bondage " for the first time a few days ago and WOW ! What a mysterious and almost spooky film . I loved how the music went with the pace of each step of Philip 's feet . It gave me the chills for some reason ... <br /><br />One of the greatest aspects of this film is that you get to see Bette Davis coming into herself right before your eyes . She 's great , not necessarily because this is her best work , but because it was so out of the ordinary to be so vicious , gritty , and unflinching as an actress in 1934 ... Bette was a risk taker , always wanting to be different and this is right about when she started to realize that she could be as nasty and daring as she wanted and people would love her for it . If you 're a true lover of film , it 's amazing to see ... <br /><br />She just had a way of delivering a line that made the part , and the film for that matter , belong to her . Like " A mass of music and fire . That 's me ... an old kazoo and some sparklers " or " But you are Blanche , you are in that chair ! " or " WITH ALL MY HEART , I STILL LOVE THE MAN I KILLED ! ! " ... Those are from a few of her films , but you get my drift . She was just so brave , sassy , and exotic looking with those beautiful big eyes . After seeing this , I ca n't believe it was remade twice ... <br /><br />Leslie Howard was gorgeous ... so calm and persistent , needing to be loved . I thought he was adorable and could n't understand how everyone was n't falling for him , but then again , everyone was ... except Mildred . He did a great job ... <br /><br />The only thing that I did n't like was something that was common with the writing in the early films . They 'd make a character so hateful that it 's almost unbelievable that someone would actually fall for them in the first place . The performances were great , but in real life , Philip would have never been interested in Mildred . That 's just the simple truth ... See it ! !
1 The story is somewhat stilted , what with the main character 's sudden reversals of fortune , but Leslie Howard and Bette Davis 's portrayals of Philip Carey , the naïve obsessed lover and Mildred Rogers , the unworthy object of his affections , raise this film considerably above standard melodrama.<br /><br />Sensitive , cultured Philip , who for most of the picture is in bondage to first his infatuation and then his pity for Mildred is not unlike a character Howard was to play a few years later -- Ashley Wilkes , the Southern gentleman too refined and decent to make it in the rough Reconstruction era . Philip in fact seems resigned to disappointment even before Mildred enters the picturehe does n't even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him he 'll never make it as a painter . It is perhaps this passivity , these lowered expectations that makes him put up with the selfish Cockney waitress for as long as he does.<br /><br />Although Leslie Howard is memorable , today " Of Human Bondage " is mainly thought of as a Bette Davis picture , perhaps because of the well known story of how she had to fight Jack Warner to get the part of Mildred , and perhaps too because movie audiences tend to prefer characters with her sort of brash energy . Mildred may have a grating voice , but she also has the ethereal beauty of a stained glass angel , making it somewhat understandable why Philip let himself be strung along for as long as he did . Although man eating Mildred may at times seem one dimensional , she does evoke sympathy in the viewer from time to time as when she becomes ill and belatedly realizes that Philip is the only decent man who ever cared for her . One may also think she is on to something when she accuses Philip of looking down on her for not being " fine " enough . ( The scene in which Philip and Norah dismiss romance magazines as trash for kitchen maids seems to confirm this).<br /><br />Most of the supporting characters are also effective , particularly Norah the sensible romance writer who loves Philip but knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally who has Mildred 's beauty and Norah 's decency and emerges as the deserving woman Philip is rewarded with in the end . The only character I found hollow was Sally 's eccentric , ale slurping aristocratic father who seems like a stock character from an earlier era.<br /><br />A classic that deserves it reputation .
1 Bette Davis turns in a coldly amusing performance as Mildred Rogers in this 1934 film . The film seems rather dated now in 2003 . It is no doubt well worth watching for film buffs and Bette Davis fans but may not have as much appeal for the average movie watcher today . It was startling for me to see how young Ms. Davis looks in this move . The actors turn in performances which are basically sound and the story is meaningful and interesting . Leslie Howard is well cast as Philip Carey , the club - footed medical student . This is a film with a strong message about whom we choose to love and why . However , " Of Human Bondage " did n't seem to have a strong impact on me mentally or emotionally . I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it . I have an intuition that this may be the reaction that the director was going for . You be the judge!<br /><br / >
1 I saw this film again and noticed how close it is to the novel if we ignore the part about Cary 's [ Leslie Howard ] childhood . Considering that < br /><br />at the time not much can be shown on the screen , [ not that there is much in the novel ] the obsession of the character with Mildred [ Bette Davis ] is very well conveyed to the audience . I recommend this film to anyone who ever fell for another person and the other side tried to take advantage of him or her . I have read that Maugham was asked to make a recording of the novel for sale , but when he started to in the studio he began crying and could not finish more than a few lines and whole project was chucked . One can tell the novel is written from the heart and the film is a good < br /><br />adaptation of a part of it at least .
1 This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham 's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress . She might have won an Academy Award for her performance but the films was made on loan , so her studio did n't push for her . Her acting in this one does n't come off well by today 's standards . As the heartless waitress who jerks Philip , a sensitive medical student , around and nearly ruins his life , Davis is way too shrill , almost demonic . Director John Cromwell , who usually elicited good performances from his actresses , was perhaps overwhelmed by this one . Davis is watchable , for sure , but so strident and predatory as to seem scarcely human . I imagine the character of Millie as quieter , less feminine than Davis , with maybe a touch of the tomboy . Davis is such a strong , immediate presence that 's there 's no air of mystery to her , which makes Philip 's attraction to her seem more overtly masochistic than it should be.<br /><br />As Philip , Leslie Howard is excellent . His wan , somewhat wilted good looks are perfect for this failed aesthete . Nor does he impose a personal interpretation on the part , as , say , Dirk Bogarde might have done , which gives his work a rare clarity . He seems completely in control here , as he should be , playing a man with a rational intellect who is in the grip of irrational emotions he can not manage or even fully satisfy , as the object of his affections moves him in ways he can not understand . Howard was a fine actor , too often cast in standard romantic parts which compelled him to fall back on charm , which he does n't use here.<br /><br />It 's been so long since I 've read the book I do n't feel comfortable commenting on the movie 's faithfulness to it . I think it captures the spirit of the story well enough , and that it has in Howard a perfect Philip Carey . The sexual undercurrents are muted , and at times Philip behaves so masochistically that in the absence of strong sex feelings makes one wonder about the character 's sanity , surely not Mr. Maugham 's intention . Thanks to Howard 's performance , Philip remains firmly in focus , as one can see in his various responses to and yearnings for Millie the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational , in himself and in others . < br /><br />Overall , a very good film , a little stilted at times , due to its age , it evokes London nicely , and is well acted for the most part .
1 Bette Davis ' electrifying performance is such that it is hard to remember the other female players . They were as perfect in their parts as Davis was in hers - they just did n't have as much to do . Some of the reviewers felt that the book was so much better - it was but to give the film it 's due , to condense a 600 page book down to 83 minutes is no mean feat . The first part of the book did n't even make it to the screen - it told of Phillip 's childhood , then moved to Germany and Paris , where Phillip had gone to try to make good as an artist . It also chronicles his first romance - with Fanny Price , who kills herself when she realises Phillip can not return her feelings of love . It is a wonderful book but rambling and I think that anyone who does not think too highly of the film should read the book and will realise how good the film is.<br /><br />After realising that he will only ever be a mediocre painter , Phillip Carey ( Leslie Howard ) comes back to England hoping to take up medicine . When out at a tearoom he meets a sullen waitress , Mildred ( Bette Davis ) . Even though she has no interest in him and basically treats him like dirt , Phillip is obsessed . It is so hard to watch his efforts at trying to find any civility in this vicious shrew . In one scene she promises to meet him in a second class railway waiting room , when they almost miss each other , she berates him with " why would I wait in a second class waiting room when there is a first class one available " . You just want to shake him . The only time she is pleasant to him is when she tells him she is going to marry another man , a coarse sales- man , Emile Miller ( Alan Hale ) . With Mildred out of the picture , he meets Nora ( Kay Johnson ) a lovely woman , who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym . She jokes about the popularity the books enjoy among servants ( in the novel he had seen Mildred reading them . ) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs but he is incapable of returning her love . When Mildred returns ( Miller did n't marry her and she is having a baby ) , of course he takes care of her and helps her with the baby ( in the film it is treated as an object - always called " baby " , never given a name or gender ) - she repays him by running off with his best friend.<br /><br />At the hospital he meets Sally Athelny ( Frances Dee ) who is visiting her sick father . He begins to visit her home and for the first time in his life gets a sense of family . Then surprise ! surprise ! Mildred returns like a bad penny and surprise ! Philip takes her in . But he has changed and feels only disgust when she tries to show gratitude the only way she knows how . Then follows one of the most vicious , verbal fights on film with phrases such as " you cad , you dirty swine " , " I only kissed you because you begged me " and " when you went I wiped my mouth , I WIPED MY MOUTH " ! ! ! In the book a lot of Mildred 's stock phrases such as " you 're a gentleman in every sense of the word " , " I do n't mind " , and " Mr. High and Mighty " were associated with prostitutes and when Phillip meets her for the first time he is struck by that.<br /><br />The end of the film shows Phillip ( being truly free of Mildred in the only way possible ) now free to love Sally . Again in the book Sally tells Phillip that she thinks she is having a baby but that just makes him more sure of his love . That ending , like Mildred 's " sickness " could not be in the film - even a pre - code one.<br /><br />Kay Johnson was always called on to play sensible , believable women - which she played to perfection as she was obviously sensible herself . Her Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with . Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of screen ingenues . She was obviously being groomed for stardom with some roles that proved she was not just a pretty face ( " The Silver Cord " and " Blood Money " ) but when she married Joel McCrea her career started to peter out . Her Sally did not push her talent to the limits . Apparently Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the set - he was annoyed that an English actress was not given the part . He used to throw her her lines " whilst reading a book off camera " . He did start to take an interest when a newspaper reported " the kid was running away with the picture"!!!<br /><br />Highly , Highly Recommended .
1 The movie may be great . I just watched it last night , but feel unable to give an honest opinion of it because I read the book first . The book is so much better than the movie that I was disappointed with the film . If you plan to watch " Of Human Bondage , " do n't read the book beforehand . On the other hand , the book is so good , and contains so much more than the love affair Phillip has with Mildred , you could still enjoy it after seeing the movie . I do not make this claim lightly . I average reading a book every 4 days , and read such disparate authors as Danielle Steel , Ovid , Faulkner , Plato , and Shakespeare . " Of Human Bondage " gets my vote as one of the top ten novels ever written .
1 Somerset Maugham 's characters are brought to life in RKO 's " Of Human Bondage " ; but the movie is a too skeletal version of the novel , with Bette Davis ' star - making performance sucking up all of the energy . Otherwise , it 's the story of Leslie Howard ( as Philip Carey ) ; he dreams of becoming a painter , but is told he has no talent for the arts . As the film progresses , Mr. Howard 's struggles , instead , to become a doctor . His efforts seem to indicate some bad advice regarding the arts ; though successful in medicine , his painting seemed easier - also , note the symbolism of his disability , a " club foot " ( explained in the film).<br /><br />Along the way ( right away , in this version ) , Howard becomes infatuated with waitress Davis ( as Mildred Rogers ) . Davis ' characterization of " Mildred " is extraordinary , culminating in a spectacular speech , when she tells Howard , among other things , that she had to " WIPE MY MOUTH ! " after kissing him . Howard also performs well , but the story fails to explain his prolonged fascination and love for Davis ; so , their performances are wasted . < br /><br />Still , a film to watch for the acting , including some good supporting players . Bette Davis ' characterization was famous for inspiring a " write - in " campaign for the 1934 " Best Actress " Academy Award . For the record , she placed third . The results were : < br /><br />1 . Claudette Colbert - " It Happened One Night " < br /><br />2 . Norma Shearer - " The Barretts of Wimpole Street " < br /><br />3 . Bette Davis - " Of Human Bondage " < br /><br />4 . Grace Moore - " One Night of Love " < br /><br / > * * * * * * * Of Human Bondage ( 6/28/34 ) John Cromwell ~ Leslie Howard , Bette Davis , Reginald Denny
1 Reading web sites on Bette Davis one can find instances where authors claim that there is nothing special about her acting . I even found a site which claimed that Bette Davis ' success was probably due to her luck . But Ms Davis films of 1934 tell quite the opposite . The most evident example are two films that she did only few weeks apart : Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage . Characters she played in these movies , though both being negative , are quite different . Arlene in the former is a beautiful , glamorous and frivolous heiress and much more likable character than Mildred in the latter , which is a pale , uneducated and impudent Cockney waitress . Needless to say that Ms Davis played both characters very authentic and with the same enthusiasm . But even that is not all . The point is that the former role , which would be wished by most actresses of the day , was the one she was forced to play . The latter role , which seemed to most actresses as undesirable , career destroying role , was the one she fought for ferociously for months . And it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars . So there is no question that Ms Davis knew from the start what she was doing.<br /><br />The film , which tells about a medical student Phillip Carey ( Leslie Howard ) which falls unhappily in love with Cockney waitress Mildred Rogers ( Bette Davis ) , has a few week points , but many more strong ones . The story is simply too big to be told in mere 83 minutes . For example , it is quite unclear why refined student found any interest in an impudent waitress in the first place . Well , there is one scene in which we are exposed to Ms Davis captivating eyes , but this is when his emotions are already fully evolved . Nevertheless , the integrity of the story is preserved by superior acting from Howard and Davis as well as fantastic Steiner 's music which tells tons of emotions even when we do not see characters ' faces . In fact the film is amalgamated by Phillip 's walking sequences showing him from the back supplemented with shuddering two - tone repetition . Every detail is well thought - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for each women in Phillip 's life , which is consistently used through the film . And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally 's face in front of calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I 've ever seen exactly due to Francis Dee 's breathtaking beauty ( Ms Dee was by the way considered to be too beautiful to play leading role in Gone with a Wind ) as well as Steiner 's captivating music . Camera movements between the some scenes is also original and refreshing.<br /><br />But my strongest objection is that events are presented too two - dimensionally , which induce viewer that Mildred is an ultimate slut . The most disgusting characters ought to be men which lure her into relationship , despite well knowing that they will abandon her after taking use of her , but they , curiously , finished portrayed as likable characters . After all , Mildred always - in her own specific , but still a honest way - lets Phillip know that she despises him and had no interest in him . Which he just refuses to hear . It is Phillips masochistic nature connected to his club foot and infantile experiences that is the principal reason of his love problem . He is enslaved to his club foot as much as to Mildred and perhaps has to be free of both to start a normal life . Of course , selfish and impudent Mildred , after discovering voluntary Phillip 's bondage to her , did its own share to make his life hell . Even taking into account that she exploded after realizing that the bondage has loosen , it is less than clear why would she burn Phillip 's money ( Maugham intended different in his novel ) . After all , she could as well steal it and drunk gallons of champagne.<br /><br />For modern standards the film is a bit outdated , but each subsequent time you watch it , you can reveal new interesting details due to superior acting , fascinating music and original editing , so it does deserve the highest possible mark .
1 Today actresses happily gain weight , dye their hair , dress like slobs , and lose their glamor for a role , and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend . Even as a pretty young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and Constance Bennett - type makeup in films , Davis was willing to ravage herself in order to create a character on the outside as well as the inside.<br /><br />Her determination is amply demonstrated here in her breakout film , " Of Human Bondage , " in which she stars with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey . Davis plays Mildred , a slutty , manipulative , greedy low - life to Howard 's masochistic , club - footed Philip . He first meets her when she 's a waitress , and she allows him to take her out to dinner and theater while she frolics with a wealthy older man ( Alan Hale Sr . ) . In truth , Mildred is repulsed by Philip 's club foot . On his part , Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of her open flirtation and her coolness toward him . He allows Mildred to bleed him dry financially in between boyfriends who drop her when they tire of her , while he blows off a couple of truly lovely women ( Kay Johnson and Frances Dee ) . When he gets the gumption to throw her out , Mildred trashes his apartment and robs him , forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodgings.<br /><br />"Of Human Bondage " looks rather stilted today in parts . Though Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and attractive , his acting style is of a more formal old school , and as a result , he tends to date whatever he 's in . He shines in material like his role opposite Davis in " It 's Love I 'm After " or " The Petrified Forest " which call for his kind of technique . His dated acting is even more obvious here because Davis was forging new ground with a gritty , edgy performance that would really make her name . If she seems at times over the top , she came from the stage , and the subtleties of film acting would emerge later for her . Contrast this performance with the restraint , warmth and gentleness of her Henriette in " All This , and Heaven Too " or the pathos she brought to " Dark Victory . " She was a true actress and a true artist . Davis really allows herself to look like holy hell ; Mildred 's deterioration is absolutely pathetic as Philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades.<br /><br />An excellent film in which to see the burgeoning of one of film 's greatest stars .
1 When I saw that this film was only 80 minutes long , I thought we were in trouble . Condensing the gigantic W. Somerset Maugham novel down to a movie that clocks in at under an hour and a half seemed like a disaster waiting to happen . But you know , the movie 's not half bad , and it even manages to retain much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers.<br /><br />I've heard many film buffs complain that Leslie Howard was a wet noodle of an actor , and he was , but I ca n't think of anyone more suited to play the role of Philip Carey than a wet noodle , for that 's certainly what Carey is . Howard plays him well , which means you want to shake him and slap him upside the head repeatedly , then finally take him out and buy him a spine.<br /><br />Ah , and then there 's Bette , as the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings his world crashing down around him . I did n't know what on earth the appeal of Mildred was in the book , and the movie stays true to that detail . But as played by Davis , she does become the most fascinating character in the story , and if she 's nasty and unlikable , she 's at least the most dynamic person on screen at any given time . Davis 's performance here is credited with changing the course of screen acting , much as Brando 's would do nearly 20 years later when he screamed out " Stella ! ! " in that little - known Tennesee Williams play , and it 's not hard to see why . Davis is intense to the point of scary . She makes no effort to wring any sympathy from the audience , and she allows herself to look ugly and most unglamorous . Her appearance when Carey walks in on her late in the film to find her dead or nearly dead of an unnamed disease ( though not much care is taken to hide the fact that it 's an STD ) is shocking . Of course , it helps that this movie squeaked out just before the Production Code went into effect ; if it had been made a year later , you can bet things would have been a bit different.<br /><br />Yes , much of the novel , and many of its most interesting parts , are left on the cutting room floor , and the story really does become about Carey and Mildred and not much else . I found that to be the least interesting and most tedious part of Maugham 's novel , but it is the part that gives the novel its title and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to now , so it strikes me as a wise decision on the part of the film makers that they chose to adapt the novel the way they did.<br /><br />Grade : B+
1 Although this film put Davis on the map due to her brilliantly intense performance as the illiterate guttersnipe waitress / prostitute Mildred Rogers , this film is strangely unsatisfying to me as a whole . The acting is indeed fine in most every respect . What I can not fathom for the life of me is just how or why Phillip , a sensitive , well - bred young man would take the constant abuse this tramp constantly dishes out towards him : I find his naive tolerance quite ridiculously unbelievable in certain respects . Yes , I know he is a sensitive club - footed , introverted intellectual . But Davis is such a venomous witch that nobody that cultured would tolerate her attitude or actions and make it believable . Davis is astounding in her role : yes , she may go overboard in her histrionics now and then , but it 's a vividly creative portrayal any which way you look at it . Too bad she was n't playing a gangster 's moll . Her character would have been completely believable as a tramp among low - lifes !
1 ... that the Bette Davis version of this film was better than the Kim Novak version.<br /><br />Despite all of the other comments written here , I really prefer the Bette Davis version , even though the Novak version has a more coherent story line.<br /><br />However : Davis ' Mildred 's raw emotions seem to me to be more apt to a sluttish girl who seems easily to become a prostitute.<br /><br />And it is those raw emotions that constitute * part * of what the poor doctor falls in love with . He has emotions of despair , of failure , of " otherness " - strong emotions that he represses . Davis ' Mildred , on the other hand , displays her emotions immediately and without censure . She has no feelings of despair , or of failure , or of " otherness " ; rather , she is merely surviving as a poor Cockney woman in the Victorian era.<br /><br />Novak 's portrayal was a more vulnerable Mildred than was Davis ' , almost through the the whole movie . Davis ' Mildred was * * never * * vulnerable until she actually had to go to the doctor and beg for assistance . And when he reviles her - for her method of keeping body and soul together , and for continually taking advantage of his love for her - she unleashes arguably the most passionate repudiation of snobbish holier than thou attitude ever seen on screen : " I wiped my mouth ! I WIPED MY MOUTH ! ! " Novak 's vulnerability was excellent . Davis ' realism was monumental.<br /><br />IMDb votes concur !
1 Another comment about this film made it sound lousy . Given talking pictures were so new - I think the script and acting were good . Davis was so young and fresh . She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect . Yet it is great to see her this way - still learning the craft.<br /><br />So many clichés came from this film and it seems , this film blazed some trails for the next 70 years . My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was . Keep and open mind and you maybe shocked at how troubled the characters were in this picture , for being 1934 and how we view the early part of last century as uptight .. I love it and hope you make up your own mind about it not influenced by others negative and one note comments .
1 This movie is obviously low - budget & filmed in British Columbia , Canada . The obstacles that had to be overcome to make this movie convincing(set in California & late 60's-80's)were well conceived . I believe this is the best & most accurate version of the Zodiac killings that plagued the town of Vallejo & the Bay area from 1968 - 19 ? ( he was never caught).Edward James Olmos(Det . Dave Toschi ) & George Dzundza(Zodiac - at the time believed to be Arthur Leigh Allen , since cleared by DNA & fingerprints)play a game of cat & mouse re - visiting crime scenes together , each one trying to trigger the other into an emotional revelation . Olmos dying from some type of terminal disease & knowing Dzundza did it , still totally obsessed to the point of losing his family & becoming a full blown alcoholic along the way . Dzundza totally oblivious & self absorbed(like all serial killers ) to the carnage left in his wake . The only disappointment was the"over the top " ending otherwise pretty accurate . If you tire of the typical Hollywood fluff or have an interest in the Zodiac case , check it out .
1 I usually steer clear of TV movies because of the many ways you know that it 's TV movies five seconds into the picture . This one got my attention because of the unusual title and its gloomy , well - crafted mood that is established from the very start . While the ever present rain confirmed my suspicions of a misplaced story ( even if claiming to be set in California the movie was largely shot around a stormy Vancouver , B.C. ) , the dark and oppressive outdoors beautifully complement Olmos ' excellent acting .
1 The premise of this anime series is about bread , of all things to base a plot on ! I truly laughed . The main character has a special bread making power that he was born with , and he goes off to bread baking school . I wish it were available on DVD , and it does n't matter if it 's subtitled or dubbed - it 's that good . Even the theme song alone is funny . At one point in the theme song , there 's an African - Japanese man with an afro on horseback , wielding a French baguette as if it were a samurai sword . These images will not make sense unless you see the anime . You 'll laugh until your sides hurt . It is definitely the most unique anime I have seen thus far .
1 When I first started watching this anime I never thought that something about making bread could actually be interesting , but thankfully I was mistaken . From the moment I started watching it , anime just pulled into the world of bread making , I was hooked.<br /><br />The biggest advantage of this anime is it 's humor , which is very intelligent and very funny , with some recurring gags . But the animation , soundtrack and character development are below average , while these disadvantages are n't seen so much in the first episodes , because of the great job on this anime , it really starts to show in the last 20 episodes , when the reactions and recurring gags just grow old , and are n't as funny as before.<br /><br />As far as I 'm concerned , if this anime had ended with episode 52 I would have given it a 9 , but the last episodes just leave a bitter aftertaste , which sadly ca n't be washed away by the awesome 50 episodes.<br /><br />7/10
1 For those of you who think anime is just about giant reptiles raping schoolgirls , think again . There is a totally different side to the Japanese animation . Yakitate ! Japan is one of those shows . It is a sweet - natured tale of a young boy with the gift to make delicious bread . His universe is all about creating a Japanese bread that can match with the famous European breads . The show is as wacky as they come and I 'm sure that non - Japanese viewers will miss a lot of the jokes . But it is still very nice to watch because of the complete innocent vibe of the show . < br /><br />In the world of Yakitate ! it is not uncommon for people to look like they 've just had an orgasm after eating bread . The bread is hallucinating and can give the consumer a wide array of super powers , from time - traveling to swimming like a fish . That weird aspect makes it into one of the least predictable and funny shows I 've watched in a while .
1 Yaitate ! ! Japan is a really fun show and I really like it ! It was shown in our country just recently in Hero TV and ABS - CBN every 5:30 . It is about Azuma Kazuma who is trying to fulfill his dream to make Japanese bread that will represent his country . He is working in the Southern Toyo branch of Pantasia and he is also helping his friend ( Tsukino Azusagawa ) along with other bakers ( like Kawachi Kyousuke and Kanmuri Shigeru ) to beat St. Pierre and take control of Pantasia . They fight other skillful bakers from many other countries and not only learn to make different kinds of bread but also learn to cook other food . It is a really funny and unique anime because they also mimic characters from other anime(like Naruto , Detective Conan and One Piece)and famous people from real life . It is one of the best works of Takashi Haschiguchi and is really a must - see for people of different ages .
1 Yakitate ! Ja - pan ( translated as Fresh Baked ! Japanese Bread ) is the story of a young man named Azuma Kazuma and his journey to make the perfect Japanese Bread or Ja - pan , for Japan , and for the Japanese , that will be recognized the the whole world.<br /><br />Of course , that 's just on the outside . In reality , Yakitate ! Ja - pan is n't really about the bread , but the reaction that come after eating the bread , and the pun that comes with the reaction . The series is lovable because of these puns . From popular anime titles like Naruto , Detective Conan , and Dragon Ball to blockbuster movies like The Matrix and Lord of the Rings . It 's all there.<br /><br />So what makes this title different from other titles of the same genre like Cooking Master Boy or Mr. Ajikko ? Well , unlike the others who use cooking for world domination , Yakitate ! Ja - pan is purely comedy . Sure , there are times that the story turns to drama , or even murder , but the comedic atmosphere makes you laugh at them . You 'll be laughing at their own view of heaven . Just watch it.<br /><br />Just remember that this is also fiction , although some of the bread made here are based on real bread , eating the home made Japan # 2 wo n't turn you to a Super Saiyan or turn your body to rubber .
1 I saw this movie as a kid on Creature Feature when I lived in New York . It was a pretty creepy movie , though not as good as Horror Hotel . I just bought this movie on DVD , and it is different from what I remember because in the DVD that I bought there are several scenes where the actors speak in French and/or Italian and no subtitles are provided . Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said . Kind of weird . Also on the DVD box , the names of some of the actors are spelled differently than on IMDb.<br /><br />Aside from that , this movie is different in that the character of Elsie takes her clothes off and provides a nude shot in one scene and in another scene Julia tries to force Elizabeth ( Barbara Steele ) to make out with her by pushing her down on the bed and kissing her while Steele resists . That scene existed in the TV version , but it was very edited . I wonder if there is any extra footage that could be incorporated into a remastered ultra - edition ? It seems sad that some of these old low budget classics have been spliced to bits and sold in all kinds of edited versions . Where are the master tapes and all the unused footage ? < br /><br />Aside from the first boring twenty minutes before Allen is delivered to the Castle , the rest of the movie is pretty good . There are n't too many special effects ( but Herbert 's face after Julia clubs him is a good one ) . The creepy atmosphere and the strange , exotic , and seductive look of Barbara Steele make the movie a lot better than it should be . I can honestly say that if Barbara Steele had not been in this film , it would be a big zero . She makes the movie a ten !
1 Antonio Margheriti 's " Danza Macabra"/"Castle of Blood " is an eerie , atmospheric chiller that succeeds on all fronts . It looks absolutely beautiful in black & white and it has wonderfully creepy Gothic vibe . Alan Foster is an English journalist who pursues an interview with visiting American horror writer Edgar Allan Poe . Poe bets Foster that he ca n't spend one night in the abandoned mansion of Poe 's friend , Thomas Blackwood . Accepting the wager , Foster is locked in the mansion and the horror begins!The film is extremely atmospheric and it scared the hell out of me . The crypt sequence is really eerie and the tension is almost unbearable . Barbara Steele looks incredibly beautiful as sinister specter Elisabeth Blackwood."Castle of Blood " is easily one of the best Italian horror movies made in early 60's . A masterpiece !
1 Antonio Margheriti 's " Danza Macabra " aka . " Castle Of Blood " of 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of Italian Gothic Horror , and after Mario Bava 's " La Maschera Del Demonio " ( aka . " Black Sunday " ) of 1960 and Roger Corman 's " Pit And The Pendulum " of 1961 ( starring the great Vincent Price ) another must - see that earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her more than deserved fame as the most important female Horror icon in the history of motion pictures . But not only is the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses of all - time , the screenplay to " Danza Macabra " was co - written by no one less than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci , who directed such ingenious Spaghetti Western milestones as " Django " ( 1966 ) and " The Great Silence " ( 1968 ) . Italy 's number 2 in the field ( right after Mario Bava ) , Director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all - time masters of Gothic Horror , and " Castle of Blood " is doubtlessly his greatest achievement . Hardly another film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly haunting , yet beautiful atmosphere as it is the case with this creepy masterpiece . < br /><br />When he encounters the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories , Edgar Allen Poe , in a gloomy London tavern , young journalist Alan Foster ( Georges Rivière ) accepts a bet from a nobleman , that he can not spend a night in his haunted castle in the night of all souls ' eve . As soon as Foster enters the eerie castle , mysterious things start to happen . After a little while , however , he encounters an enchanting resident of the castle , the stunningly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood ( Barbara Steele ) . The mysterious events so far , however , have only been forebodings of the terrors the castle bears , however ... <br /><br />The eerie castle setting alone would be sufficient to create a gloomy mood , the excellent black and white cinematography and a great score by Riz Ortolani create an incredibly haunting atmosphere that is eerie beyond comparison . The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always , I simply can not find enough words to praise this wonderful actress . No other actress has ever been capable of uniting ravishing beauty with the uncanny as it is the case with Steele , and no actress ever will . Besides Steele , the movie 's cast contains another stunning beauty , Margarete Robsahm , and she also delivers a great performance . George Rivière 's performance as Alan Foster is great , and the rest of the performances are also very good . " Castle of Blood " is outstanding in many departments : Barbara Steele Delivers one of her best performances , the cinematography and locations are beautifully haunting beyond comparison , the atmosphere is incredibly eerie ... The film simply is a perfect whole of atmosphere , Gothic beauty and the art of terror . In short : " Castle of Blood " is one of the most atmospheric and greatest Gothic Horror films ever made , and must not be missed by anyone interested in the genre ! 10/10
1 Well executed old and very dark house horror . Good set - up which includes the character of Poe , himself , alluding to the story in a London pub . Although from here it is pretty much the one guy who has taken the dare to visit the house on a particular night running from room to room either looking for or avoiding people , it is still most enjoyable . Plus we have the delightful and enigmatic Barbara Steele . There is some wooden dialogue and some unexplained bits and bobs but it is the super creepy atmosphere that is maintained throughout , that and the super musical score that keep this one moving nicely along . DVD originates from US and has a few extras
1 I have never seen a Barbara Steele movie that I have n't liked , and have always been a sucker for a good haunted - house story ( especially for such wonderful pictures as " The Legend of Hell House " and the original versions of " The Haunting " and " House on Haunted Hill " ) , so I had a feeling that " Castle of Blood " would be right up my alley . And boy , was it ever ! This French - Italian coproduction , while perhaps not the classic that Steele 's first horror film , " Black Sunday , " remains to this day , is nevertheless an extremely atmospheric , chilling entry in the spook genre . Filmed in black and white , it manages to convey a genuinely creepy miasma . The film concerns a journalist who bets one Lord Blackwood and an author named Edgar Allen Poe that he can spend the night in Blackwood 's castle on the night of All Saints Day , when the spirits of those killed in the castle reenact their fate . The viewer gets to see these deaths , and they ARE pretty horrible , for the most part . The film does indeed send shivers up the viewer 's spine , and in the uncut DVD that I just watched -- thanks to the fine folks at Synapse -- even features a surprising topless scene and some mild lesbianism ! And Barbara is wonderful in this movie ; her otherworldly beauty is put to good advantage playing a sympathetic spectre . Her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable . Not for nothing has she been called " The Queen of Horror . "
1 This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe and a journalist ... Poe bets that the man can not spend an entire night in a creepy castle . Well , of course he can , but will he come out unscathed ? Hard to say with all these strange people that are n't supposed to be there wandering around , including the icy Barbara Steele . This is a fairly odd film in that the presentation is both in French and English , and switches back and forth a few times . Perhaps this is done because bits of dialog were lost ? It 's also rather dark and claustrophobic , being that one does n't see much beyond a small circle of light that candles and such generate , plus there 's a feel of dread and impending doom pretty much at all times . This version ( on Synapse ) is also uncensored and I wondered what might be censored in a film from 1964 until I saw the topless scene , I guess that might be it . Overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white . Barbara Steele definitely makes the movie too . 8 out of 10 .
1 I remember seeing this film at the West End theater in Louisville , Kentucky when I was a boy . The scene where Dr. Carmus finds the gardener 's coffin , and the breathing dead body therein , was the scariest part of the movie for me , only intensified by the darkness of the film . I also wondered about the people hanging from the trees at the end , until I recognized the part of the film in which the family name of the Blackwoods was changed from Blackblood , due to the fact that in the family history there was a character who was known for his many hangings of various people . Sir Thomas Blackwood seemed to get his kicks out of adding to the deaths caused by his family . I also noticed that as Foster first enters the gate of the cemetery , he is careful in noticing the sharp object of the gate , where he meets his end . I would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers .
1 The DVD for " Danaza Macabra " ( Castle of Blood ) is very odd . That 's because parts of the film are in French with subtitles and the rest is dubbed into English from the French . Sometimes , characters switched between the two in the middle of a scene ! When I tried to get the film to be JUST subtitled or just dubbed , it made no difference ! Odd , but still watchable.<br /><br />The story purports to be based on a Poe story , though I ca n't recall which one . In fact , the character of Poe appears in the beginning and end of the film -- though it did n't look especially like him.<br /><br />A rich man makes a bet with a guy down on his luck that he can not stay the entire night in a manner home . It seems like an easy bet to win -- even if the house is very creepy . However , it ca n't be that easy , as the rich guy says that all those who previously took the bet died -- yet this fool STILL wants to make the wager ! While in the home , he meets lovely Barbara Steele within and falls madly for her . Later , however , he learns that she died more than a decade earlier ! How can this be ? ! I could tell you more about the plot but do n't want to spoil any of the suspense . See it for yourself to find out the rest of the story.<br /><br />This film gets very high marks for creating a creepy atmosphere . The house , black & white cinematography and music work together to make for a scary looking film . As for the plot , it 's interesting -- especially because there are many twists and turns -- so many that you are wondering just who is and who is n't among the undead by the end of the film.<br /><br />The only negative is that I felt sorry for the poor snake that was needlessly killed . Crazy as it might sound , I felt sorry for it and it hardly seemed necessary.<br /><br />Also , parents may want to know that towards the end there is a bit of nudity . A strikingly beautiful woman appears topless , but it 's hardly necessary for the plot .
1 If you 're a fan of Gothic horror , then you 're definitely absolutely guaranteed to LOVE this wondrous Italian 60 's film " Castle of Blood " . We 're really talking about creepily creaking doors , eerie portraits that appear to be moving , spontaneously dying candles although there 's no wind and smoke coming from underneath heavy wooden chamber doors . Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style , this masterful piece of Gothic film - making is one of the best out there ; just one tiny league below landmarks such as " Black Sunday " , " The Three Faces of Fear " and " Curse of the Crying Woman " . The prominent directors duo Sergio Corbucci ( " The Great Silence " , " Django " ) and Antonio Margheriti ( " Cannibal Apocalypse " , " Killer Fish " ) are successful in all areas , including a powerful plot ( one that is genuinely nightmare inducing ) , ultra - sinister scenery and filming locations , stylish black and white photography , spine - chilling music and a brilliant gathering of talented performers . Barbara Steele , starlet of the aforementioned " Black Sunday " and Italian goth - muse number one , shines brightly again as a spiritually tormented character and she 's literally surrounded by excellent co - players . One of them , Silvano Tranquilli , even gives away a fairly credential depiction of author Edgar Allan Poe . The story involves him and another wealthy visitor of a countryside tavern challenging a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid wager . If he  Alan Foster  would survive spending one night in the infamous Blackwood Castle , he receives the astonishing reward of $ 10 and a newspaper interview with Poe . Needless to say the ordeal is much more dangerous than it sounds , even for somebody like Alan Foster who 's a firm non - believer in ghosts and vampires . The night starts out great for him , as he even meets up with the stunningly beautiful woman of his dreams , but gradually he learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of the previously deceased visitors are trapped for all eternity . I do n't know about you , but this is seriously one of my favorite horror movie premises of all time . Co - director Antonio Margheriti clearly was proud of this film as well , because he remade it himself a couple of years later as " Web of the Spider " . That movie had a handful of trumps , like for example the casting of no less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe , but in general this original is vastly superior . " Castle of Blood " literally oozes with atmosphere and maintains a thoroughly unsettling ambiance throughout . This truly is one of the rare films that can make the hair on your arms and back of the neck rise with fear if you watch it in the right circumstances . Watch it late at night , preferably alone and in a candle lit room , and you 'll get an idea about the true definition of horror .
1 I originally saw this movie as a boy at the old Rialto Theatre as part of a Saturday afternoon matinée triple bill which also featured Vincent Price 's " Last Man on Earth " and Mario Bava 's " Nightmare Castle . " I had nightmares about blood lusting ghosts for a week afterwards ! Though I did n't know it then , all three movies would prove to be classics of the genre . No wonder I was so scared ! Though all three films frightened me , it was Castle of Blood that had the most profound impact.<br /><br />It was the first on the bill . I did n't even get to see it from the beginning as we were late getting to the cinema and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie . That 's lot to miss since the edited print only ran about 79 minutes ( the unedited runs 87minutes ) . But despite this , the dark creepy atmosphere ( complete with ruined castles , fog enshrouded cemeteries , shadows and cobwebs ) , Gothic set design , strong acting , and suspense ( especially the last 20 minutes ) scared the bejeepers out of me and made a lasting impression It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection . Since it was a French - Italian import , it was n't a movie that showed up on the late show in Winnipeg . I could n't quite remember the title ( remember I did n't get to seen the beginning of the film and was scared witless ) , and to make matters worse , the film had been released under literally a dozen different movie titles ( aka Danze Macabre , Coffin of Terror , Castle of Terror , Long Night of Terror , etc ... ) and the USA / UK working title " Castle of Blood " was very generic , similar to dozens of other " b " horror and suspense films , making it illusive . But thanks to the internet and perseverance , I found it at last ! What a treat to finally watch the film in its entirety after so many years ! It may not have had quite the sheer emotional impact that it did when I was a boy , but as haunted house movies go , it 's stands up well and compares favourably to similar iconic films of the period such as " The Haunting , " " The Innocents " or " Black Sunday , " The film is a fine early effort of Italian director Antonio Margheriti . It stars 60 's scream queen icon Barbara Steele and features a well written screenplay by Sergio Corbucci about a sceptical writer ( Georges Riviere ) who , on a bet , spends the night in haunted house and unsuspectingly becomes part of an annual ongoing ghostly story . The hypnotic Steele is well cast as the ghostly love interest - as is Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus , and Margarete Robsahm as Julia.<br /><br />Many of the tricks Margheriti employs to create the film 's eerie atmosphere ( cobwebs , creaking doors , fog , etc ) are bound to seem cliché to a modern audience , but they work far more effectively in black and white than they ever could in modern day colour . Rather than using body counts and special effects , the film creates scares the old fashion way , relying on a good story , stylish direction , fine set production , interesting camera work , and strong acting performances . Margheriti does a marvellous job taking these elements and building the film 's suspense as the horrifying paranormal secret of the house gradually reveals itself to the unwitting writer.<br /><br />The film is not without faults . The pace drags at the beginning of the film ( ironically , the 20 minutes I originally missed ) . This is probably worsened by Synapse films effort to restore the film to its original length . Though fans will likely appreciate the chance to see the film restored - in terms of the intro - it may have been more of hindrance than a help . The English voice dubs are merely passable and , in the restored scenes , the language shifts from English to French ( English subtitles provided ) which is sure to be annoying to some viewers.<br /><br />However , Synapse Films deserves kudos for the quality of the print . Clearly some effort was put into its restoration and deservedly so.<br /><br />I enjoyed the film immensely and highly recommend it to aficionados of 60 's Italian Goth films , or anyone who enjoys a good ghost story.<br /><br />Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg , MB Canada
1 This complicated story begins fairly simply , with an English journalist accepting a wager from Edgar Allen Poe and his friend Lord Blackwood that he can not spend a night in the haunted Blackwood castle . Once there , the writer wanders around the dusty rooms and corridors , until music and a glimpse of a waltzing couple lead him into an empty room . He sits at the harpsichord and starts to play the tune he has heard , and is surprised to be tapped on the shoulder by the stunningly beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood . She informs him with an ambiguous charming / eerie manner that she has prepared his room upstairs and that someone is always expected on this night ... the Night of the Dead . Thus begins a startling series of supernatural events that bewilder the journalist all the rest of the night . SPOILER AHEAD : it probably wo n't surprise too many viewers to learn that the lovely Elizabeth is actually a ghost . This does n't prevent her from falling in love with the journalist , but it does make things more complicated for them than for the average couple . This is a fun movie , with absolutely everything : ghosts , the spooky castle , repeated visions of past events , sex and violence ( though both have been toned down in the version most Americans have seen over the years . ) The alluring , captivating Barbara Steele is the main reason to see it . She has a strange charisma unlike anyone else you 've ever seen in the movies . Recommended !
1 I 've watched this movie a number of times , and found it to be very good . This movie is also known as " Castle Of Terror " , " Coffin Of Terror " , and " Dance Macabre " . Barbara Steele , is her usual beautiful / creepy self . George Riviere , the male lead , does a good job with his role . The whole movie is dripping with atmosphere , and there is a good deal of tension throughout . The camera angles are good and the acting , for the most part , is n't bad . This film is quite suitable for a rainy day or evening . I have the DVD uncut version , which is far superior to the edited TV version . Grab some popcorn , turn out the lights , settle back and enjoy . John R. Tracy
1 When American author Edgar Allan Poe visits London , he is approached by British journalist Alan Foster , who becomes the target of a peculiar wager . Not believing Poe 's assertion that all of his macabre stories have been based on actual experience , Foster accepts a bet from Poe and his friend Sir Thomas Blackwood that he can not spend an entire night in the Blackwood 's haunted castle . Once installed in the abandoned castle , Foster discovers that he is not alone , as he is approached by various beautiful women and handsome men , and a doctor of metaphysics - who explains that they are all lost souls damned to replay the stories of their demises on the anniversary of their deaths ! The first time I watched this glorious bit of classic horror , I was mesmerized the entire time . I found the movie genuinely creepy and at the same time sorrowful . Babs Steele is undeniably beautiful . The music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing . The topless scene threw me for a loop , as I was not expecting it . It looks as Synapse did a great job with picture enhancement , because this movie looks damn fine for its age , and it 's the Uncut International version , to boot . This is the movie responsible for me starting a Babs Steele and Klaus Kinski collection .
1 Castle of Blood is a good example of the quality work in the horror genre being turned out in Italy in the 60s . The film has all of the right elements - old dark house , atmosphere , a decent story , and Barbara Steele . Steele makes most any film worth seeing.<br /><br />The story concerns a haunted castle . People have visited , but none have returned . Our hero makes a wager that he can spend the night in the castle and return to collect his winnings . But , the night he visits is a special night . It 's the night each year when the dead return to relive their deaths.<br /><br />The only flaw I see in the movie is the running time . It almost feels padded . There is a large portion of the first act where literally nothing happens . Our hero stumbles around in the dark finding nothing of interest . But once he does find something , the movie picks up and become quite enjoyable.<br /><br />Castle of Blood is a definite must for Steele fans and fans of Italian Gothic horror in general .
1 Italy produced a lot of really great and original horror films in the 1960 's - and this is certainly one of them ! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film . Shot in beautiful black and white , and due to director Antonio Margheriti 's use of lighting ; the film almost looks like it could be a German expressionistic horror film . This , coupled with the horror - filled plot line ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror . Of course , the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does n't harm matters - and the good news continues as , in this film , she gets to flex her acting muscles more than she did in the films that made her famous . The plot is very aware of the time in which this was released , and so incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe . We follow Alan Foster , a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he ca n't spend an entire night in the latter 's creepy old castle . Everyone that has spent the night there previously has died ... and our hero is about to meet the previous wager - takers ! < br /><br />Nowadays , horror films do n't tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is n't much beauty left in the genre . It is refreshing , therefore , to see this film . Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple wearing just a see - through skirt , to my personal favourite - a shot of smoke creeping in from under a door . This my first Antonio Margheriti film , and even after seeing just this one ; it 's obvious that he was one of Italy 's premier directors . Also interesting is the fact that screenplay was co - written by another of the Italian greats ; Django creator Sergio Corbucci . The plot can meander a little too much at times , but there 's always enough atmosphere on hand to make sure that the film never becomes boring - and the fact that it is always intriguing , even when the plot slows down , ensures the same thing . The way that Danse Macabre utilises the ' haunted house ' theme is both well done and original , and helps to keep the story as eerie as possible . On the whole , fans of Italian and/or cult cinema will not want to miss this little gem !
1 I first remember seeing this one back in the 70s when it was shown on late night television . Scared the hell out of me . But then , I was a teenager back in those days , not as jaded about films as I am now.<br /><br />CASTLE OF BLOOD ( aka : DANSE MACABRE ) is a fine example of the 60s Italian horror genre , along with Mario Bava 's BLACK SUNDAY(1960 ) , CURSE OF THE LIVING DEAD ( aka : KILL BABY KILL ) ( 1966 ) and Mario Caiano 's NIGHTMARE CASTLE ( 1965 ) . If you want spooky atmosphere along with great writing , then check these out as well . I also rate these along with those early Poe films that Roger Corman was doing during the same period.<br /><br />I saw the new Synapse DVD that was taken from a French print and it 's a great improvement over that old pan - and - scan print that was making the rounds on television over the years . It adds a couple of minutes of dialog ( in French ) that do n't really add much to the movie as whole , but it 's nice to see it complete , without cuts . Unfortunately the DVD does n't really offer any extras beyond stills from the film.<br /><br />One flub I noticed was in the opening scene , seeing the smoke - effects man next to the camera being reflected on the glass of the inn 's front door . I guess the editors did n't catch it at the time , or maybe they did n't care , but it is something I did n't notice the first time . That 's the wonders of DVD . You get to see all the flubs , mistakes and details that were n't apparent the first time around . But no matter.<br /><br />But no matter , it still gets a 7 on the imdb meter < br /><br / >
1 ` Castle of Blood ' ( aka ` Castle of Terror ' ) is a well - crafted , surprisingly spooky entry from Italian director Anthony Dawson . Exquisite black and white cinematography , flawless dubbing , superb casting , fairly logical scripting , deliberate pacing and a surprise ( though totally appropriate ) ending set this one apart . Only the films sometimes hokey music and the rather abrupt ` love at first sight ' between Elizabeth ( Barbara Steele ) and Alan ( Georges Rivière ) mar an otherwise surprisingly entertaining movie.<br /><br />While visiting England , Edgar Allan Poe sits in a pub , telling one of his ghostly stories to Count Blackwood . Recognizing the great writer , Alan , a young news reporter , requests an interview with Poe . During the course of the conversation , Poe reveals that all of his stories are true . Incredulous , Alan expresses his skepticism about life after death . Count Blackwood offers to bet Alan 100 pounds that he can not survive this night in Blackwood 's castle , a night following Halloween when the dead walk . Alan can not afford the bet , so he bets his life for a 10 pound wager.<br /><br />Unlike Mario Bava 's overpraised ` Black Sunday , ' ( aka ` The Mask of Satan ' ) , ` Castle of Blood ' is fairly restrained , making the few moments of violence even more dreadful , especially surprising from a director usually associated with those terrible Italian space movies from the 60s.<br /><br />It 's a pity the only version of this film I 've found is badly deteriorated ( and recorded ) pan and scan version . Even so , it is well worth seeing , and cries out for a modern remake , perhaps with Christina Ricci or Jennifer Love Hewitt in the role of Elizabeth . Watch it and enjoy a film that compares well with Robert Wise 's ` The Haunting ' .
1 I saw this film when I was 10 or 11 years old , alone in my parent 's basement on a Saturday night . It was being shown on " Chiller Theatre , " a regular fright feature that I watched religiously as a young ' un . Now , I have seen many old horror films thanks to Chiller Theatre , but none ever stuck with me like " Danse Macabre , " a.k.a . " Castle of Blood . " I am 51 now , and only last year was I fortunate enough to locate a relatively recent , quality DVD edition of this wonderfully shudder - inducing supernatural classic , having thought I 'd never manage to see it again . I have already watched it four more times , and can not seem to get tired of it.<br /><br />They just do n't make spook films like this one anymore . Haunted catacombs and mist - enshrouded graveyards just do n't work as well in color as they did in black and white back in the day . Anyway , this one has Edgar Allen Poe and Barbara Steele , deliciously shadowy , cobweb - wrap'ed haunted castle sets , restless spirits re - enacting their deaths ... and a wickedly ironic ending.<br /><br />IMO , this one 's right up there with Robert Wise 's " The Haunting , " " The Innocents " ( with Deborah Kerr ) , and the more recent " The Others . "
1 < br /><br />Film dominated by raven - haired Barbara Steele , it was seen when I was seven or eight and created permanent images of pallid vampiric men and women stalking a castle , seeking blood . Steele is an icon of horror films and an otherworldly beauty , and the views of the walking dead pre - date Romero 's NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD shamblers , unifying them in my mind.<br /><br />I do n't see the connection between this film and THE HAUNTING , which is clever but ambiguous about the forces present . LA DANZA MACABRE is a b - movie without pretention , daring you to fall in love with Barbara Steele and suffer the consequences . There 's no such draw to HAUNTING 's overwrought Claire Bloom . The comparisons to the HAUNTING are superficial.<br /><br />And no , this movie does NOT need to be remade . Not only is it a product of the Sixties , but the large percentage of talentless cretins in Hollywood can not fathom MACABRE 's formula for terror . That formula is based on one overriding factor : GOOD WRITING . Low - grade classics like CASTLE and Corman 's Poe films with R. Matheson and Tourneur 's OUT OF THE PAST share a commonality of strong writing . It 's simple . Get a real writer like Richard Matheson or Steve McQuarrie and let them put a plot into today 's cinematic mess . Besides that , let Hollywood attempt some original material for a change , and stop exploiting the obviously superior product of the past .
1 Hardcastle and McCormick is an excellent TV show . < br /><br />Yes , it is predictable much like The Dukes of Hazzard , Hunter , The A - Team , etc etc etc.<br /><br />This show is just good clean television . The relationship between Hardcastle and McCormick is quite amusing . They often take jabs at each other several times an episode , which adds a great deal of humor to the show . It contains several car chases in almost every episode , but , who does n't enjoy a good car chase ? Especially with the Coyote ! < br /><br />I only wish they made clean television like this today I highly recommend this !
1 I took a chance on " Hardcastle and McCormick " by purchasing the first season 's worth ( Canadian release ) from Amazon . When I got it , I started with the pilot , and I was instantly hooked after that . I rated it 5 stars on Amazon , and I am rating it 10 stars here . It is just that good . What I liked about it were the opening and closing themes , and of course Stephen J. Cannell 's logo at the end of each episode , but most of all , the relationship between the Judge and Mark as they worked together to crack each case . I was so hooked that I also purchased the second season as a companion , and I enjoyed it equally . If you do not have this excellent series on disc , I believe that you should purchase it and put it in your collection .
1 Wonderful family drama / comedy starring MacClaine and Garr that entertains and warms the heart every time I see it . Strongly recommended for all ages from 9 year olds to grannies . Lovely period piece capturing 1962 . The story encompasses the struggling Garr , her two children and Aunt Zena ( MacClaine ) trying to make ends meet without a man as head of the household . The " family " heads west to take the inheritance of a long forgotten relative that has left Garr a run down , ramshackle road side cafe right out of the late 1940 's . The tenacious Garr , as the sweet but determined mom , gets the whole family into the restoration and opening of the cafe . But wait ...... Aunt Zena is an old circus performer with card tricks , magic powders and a jesters sense of humor ...... she loves to get the kids and her into silly and sometimes dangerous games ..... What happens next is a delightful combination of " Miracle at Lords " thrown together with the Cuban missile crises ( with authentic TV news from the real event ) and a " ghost " prank that gets totally out of hand . This film entertains , philosophizes , questions religiosity and gives an unnerving glimpse of the frightening scare of October 1962 's Cuban missile crises . In the end one is left with the wonder of faith , family and rediscovered love . Oh , and the music from the era of the early 60 's is just great!<br /><br />Recommend STRONGLY as a FEEL GOOD FILM 10 out 10
1 Shirley MacLaine in another tailor - made role . As the aunt to a single mom in a 1962 working - class Chicago neighborhood , the veteran character actress gets another work - out as a gutsy woman who wo n't let any set - backs defeat her spirit of success . The children , a pre - teen boy and girl , are drawn to their spirited Aunt Zoe , although the many magic tricks and practical jokes learned from her , and applied at all the wrong opportunities eventually get them expelled from school.<br /><br />The plot is cleverly enveloped in the Cuban Missile Crisis , with all of the social implications . Men building bomb shelters , people watching news programs on what seemed to be the only TV set , at a diner , and a general mist of uneasiness and fear in the air . When a " harmless " miracle is blown out of proportions , the climactic conclusion nonetheless makes the viewer feel good . Yes , Virginia , the sun will come up tomorrow ! Clearly a small - budget production , this is still a sweet little film , filled with the magic that Sunday Matinees were made of . With a few choice " Oldies " thrown into an effective Sound Track , the whole family is sure to enjoy this one . * * * *
1 A toothsome little potboiler whose 65-minute length does n't seem a second too short , My Name is Julia Ross harks back to an English tradition of things not being what they seem -- Hitchcock 's The Lady Vanishes is one example . Out - of - work Julia Ross ( Nina Foch ) finds a dream job at a new employment agency in London , whose sinister representative seems very anxious to ascertain if she has living relatives or a boyfriend . After reporting to duty , she wakes up ( Having Been Drugged ) in a vast Manderley - like pile on the Cornish coast , supposedly as the barmy - in - the - crumpet wife of George Macready , who displays an alarming interest in knives and ice picks . His doting , enabling mum is the irresistible Dame May Whitty ( this time a model of bustling efficiency on the other side of good - vs - evil than she occupied in The Lady Vanishes ) . The nightmare vision of this tale unfolds claustrophobically ; we know what 's going on but are powerless to tell poor Julia . This movie , curiously , is regularly accorded a place of honor as one of the earliest ( and very few British ) films noirs . I think it 's closer to the Gothic old - dark - house tradition than the American one of wet cobblestones and urban corruption ; it does , however , evince a more modern , psychoanalytic cast of mind . Whatever you call it , it remains a sharply satisfying thriller .
1 Second - feature concerns a young woman in London desperate for a job , happy to accept live - in secretarial position with an elderly woman and her son . Thrillers about people being held in a house against their will always make me a little uneasy -- I end up feeling like a prisoner too -- but this rather classy B - film is neither lurid nor claustrophobic . It 's far - fetched and unlikely , but not uninteresting , and our heroine ( Nina Foch ) is quick on her feet . Rehashing this in 1986 ( as " Dead Of Winter " ) proved not to be wise , as the plot - elements are not of the modern - day . " Julia Ross " is extremely compact ( too short at 65 minutes ! ) but it stays the course nicely until a too - rushed climax , which feels a little sloppy . * * * from * * * *
1 Having watched this film strictly on the strength of reviewers ' ratings I was most pleasantly surprised . Although clearly low - budget , it bears the signs of clever ingenuity . For example , when Julia wakes in the strange house and looks out the window I found myself thinking that her sense of isolation would be enhanced with an exterior shot focused on her face and then moving backwards to include the house and its isolated location . And lo and behold ! the next scene was exactly that last shot of the house standing lonely on the cliff at the water 's edge . There are other examples of how a clever director can elevate his film to the level of a very enjoyable thriller . Savvy viewers will surely spot them but should rest assured they will not be disappointed.<br /><br />As to the performances , George Macready is his usual creepy self , barely maintaining his composure while suggesting a capacity for unadulterated violence . Nina Foch was surprisingly good as the no - nonsense working girl who 's not about to submit without a fight . But Dame May Witty , oh boy , she even had me doubting my own eyes and believing she could get away with her evil schemes.<br /><br />This a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed .
1 Nina Foch delivers a surprisingly strong performance as the title character in this fun little Gothic nail - biter . She accepts a position as secretary to a London society dowager ( played imperiously by Dame May Witty ) and her creepy son ( the effete and bothersome George Macready ) . Before she knows it , she awakens to find herself in a seaside manor she 's never seen before , where Witty and Macready are calling her Marian and trying to convince the servants and the nearby townspeople that she 's Macready 's mad wife . Of course this pair can only be planning dastardly deeds , and even though we know Julia has to eventually escape her trap , director Joseph Lewis builds real suspense in answering the question of just how she 'll manage it.<br /><br />"My Name Is Julia Ross " has nothing stylistically to set it apart from any number of films that came out at the same time period , but I was surprised by how well it held together despite its shoe - string budget and B - movie pedigree . There are quite a few moments that just may have you on the edge of your seat , and I found myself really rooting for Julia as she caught on to the scheme underfoot and began to outsmart her captors . In any other Gothic thriller , the heroine would have swooned , screamed and dithered , waiting for her hero to come and save her . So I ca n't tell you how refreshing it was to have the heroine in this film use her brain and figure out how to save herself.<br /><br />Well done.<br /><br />Grade : B+
1 Julia Ross ( Nina Foch ) agrees to take a position as a secretary with the rich Hughes family to get over her boyfriend leaving her . Almost immediately she is drugged and shipped off to the family 's estate in Cornwall . When she awakens they keep telling her she 's Marion Hughes , has been mentally ill and keep her locked up ... but why ? You 'll probably guess why but wo n't mind because this one is fun.<br /><br />Along with " The Narrow Margin " and " Face Behind the Mask " this is one of the best B pictures ever made . ( B pictures were low budget pictures made quickly with low budgets and no major stars ) . It 's just as long as it needs to be ( only 65 minutes ) , is well - directed , fast paced and exciting . It only stumbles at the end which I found a bit too implausible to buy.<br /><br />Foch ( a good actress ) is just OK in the lead but Dame May Witty is great and George Macready is excellent ( and frightening ) as the villains . Well worth catching . A perfect example of how you can make a great movie on a small budget .
1 For those who think of Dame May Witty as the kindly , slightly batty , old lady from Hitchcock 's The Lady Vanishes , this movie requires an adjustment . Here , she 's anything but kindly or batty . Instead , her son , George Macready is the loony one . Just do n't give him a knife , otherwise his eyes light up and no furniture cushion in the house is safe . Now we know what he has in mind for the trapped Nina Foch if he can just get out from under Mother 's domineering hand.<br /><br />Really tight little woman - in - danger film that keeps the suspense on high throughout . The script never strays from Foch 's dilemma . She 's held prisoner in a big old Gothic house on the edge of an angry sea . They 're going to kill her , but why . Her predicament makes no sense . The tension mounts as she tries one escape ploy after another , but even strangers seem against her . We begin to feel her helplessness and mounting paranoia as the world turns away from her.<br /><br />Director Joseph H. Lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so . Then too , watch Foch run subtly through a gamut of emotions without once going over the top . Witty too shines as a really intimidating matriarch who knows what she wants and how to get it if she can just keep her wacko son in line . My one reservation is the climax which seems too contrived considering the timing of the events . Nonetheless , it 's a good , nerve - wracking way to spend a little over an hour , courtesy Columbia studios .
1 MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a mesmerizing 1945 B thriller from Joseph H. Lewis , arguably one of the very finest directors of Hollywood noir films . This 65 minute Gothic oddity from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis ' lengthy apprenticeship as the helmer of a string of poverty row westerns , East Side Kids comedies , horror melodramas ( including the incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi shocker THE INVISIBLE GHOST ) and standard studio B product ( SECRETS OF A CO - ED , BOMBS OVER BURMA , THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO , etc)---all of which set the stage rather nicely for what was to come from the enormously talented and inventive Mr. Lewis . MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS ( as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT from the following year ) introduced a director who had mastered the rare and delicate art telling a dark and probing tale swiftly and efficiently on the most modest of budgets . Later Lewis productions like GUN CRAZY ( 1949 ) and THE BIG COMBO ( 1955 ) , despite the expanded scope of their narrative structure , continued to rely upon deft , lucid camera work and effective low - key lighting . And very modest resources.<br /><br />MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS probably owes more to the tradition of British mysteries ( it 's set in a studio - bound England ) than it does to conventional film noir attitudes and trappings . A young woman ( Nina Foch ) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman ( Dame Mae Witty ) . Two days after her arrival she awakens from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and , mysteriously enough , with a brand new identity --- that of the old woman 's daughter - in - law . Told that she 's been the victim of a nervous breakdown , she struggles to grasp the utter and seemingly hopeless nature of her predicament . But before long she begins to piece together the strange and troubling truth behind this dark mystery , that her " husband " ( the always menacing George Macready ) most probably murdered his real wife and that she 's been duped into participating in a harrowing and sinister scheme . Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale are the indelible touches that Lewis brings to the production , marking it as the first of his truly serious endeavors as a film director .
1 Greatly enjoyed this 1945 mystery thriller film about a young woman , Nina Foch,(Julia Ross ) who is out of work and has fallen behind in her rent and is desperate to find work . Julia reads an ad in the local London newspaper looking for a secretary and rushes out to try and obtain this position . Julia obtains the position and is hired by a Mrs. Hughes , ( Dame May Witty ) who requires that she lives with her employer in her home and wants her to have no involvement with men friends and Julia tells them she has no family and is free to devote her entire time to this job . George Macready , ( Ralph Hughes ) is the son of Mrs. Hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives . This was a low budget film and most of the scenes were close ups in order to avoid the expense of a background and costs for scenery . This strange family all live in a huge mansion off the Cornwall Coast of England and there is secret doors and plenty of suspense .
1 This was a typical grade B movie in 1940s Hollywood and yet it succeeded way beyond its expectations . Why ? It has a wonderful plot and backed up by Nina Foch , George MacReady and Dame May Witty , as a female villain , of all people.<br /><br />When a young lady answers an advertisement for a secretary , she certainly gets more than she bargained for . The only talents her employers are seeking are those which will lead to her demise . Seems that Witty and MacReady want to pass her off as their daughter - in - law and wife , respectively . MacReady killed his real wife and wants to do Foch in as well so that a body can be claimed.<br /><br />The film deals with how Foch tries to get town people to believe her and how she is thwarted in practically everything she does . Why do n't people believe her ?
1 Nina Foch insists that " My Name is Julia Ross " in this 1945 film noir also starring Dame May Witty and George Macready . It 's short , and because it is , the film suffers . It could have stood to have been a good fifteen minutes to a half hour longer.<br /><br />When I was growing up , Foch was a fixture on television , playing a neurotic woman , the wife with the cheating husband , the nervous wreck . She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles . Here , she 's a pretty young ingenue playing the title role . Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs. Hughes and her son Ralph . Little does she know - though we learn immediately - that the employment agent is a front , set up to get just the right woman for this assignment , a woman with no family and no boyfriend.<br /><br />It 's a live - in situation ; once Julia gets to the house , she 's drugged , and when she wakes up , she 's told she 's Mrs. Hughes and not allowed to leave.<br /><br />The acting is very good . Low budget but still entertaining - some things , particularly at the end , happen way too quickly , which is why I said the movie is too short . Nevertheless , I recommend it .
1 Joseph H. Lewis was one of the finest directors of film noir . This is surely his best.<br /><br />It does n't have some of the standard features of what we now call film noir . Though American - made , it is set entirely in England . It lacks gangsters . It lacks a femme fatale . It does not lack crime.<br /><br />The title character answers an ad . She is overjoyed that she 'll be making some money as a secretary . Instead , she wakes up days later as the pawn in a frightening plot . Only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal . And Nina Foch gives the sense of a strong woman as Julia.<br /><br />Part of the excitement comes from casting against type : Ms. Foch has an elegant manner . She is no screaming , cowering victim . She is actually a bit icy and patrician , albeit impecunious . This makes her character 's plight all the more believable.<br /><br />Surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of Dame May Witty . She was ( and is ) probably most famous for the charming title character in " The Lady Vanishes . " She has a sweet manner and a harmless , slightly dithering manner . But here she is far from a heroine.<br /><br />George Macready is excellent as her extremely troubled son . The whole cast , in fact , is superb.<br /><br />It seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident . Undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing . But he did it on a low budget . That is the thrill and charm of film noir , the real film noir : It is small , convincingly lowlife , and , in this case , unforgettable .
1 A lovely little B picture with all the usual Joe Lewis touches .... people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear . Also , alas , an ending that comes out of nowhere , because , apparently , the auteur has lost interest in the movie , or perhaps because as a B picture it has to fit into a slot .
1 What if Marylin Monroe , Albert Einstein , Joe Dimaggio and Senator McCarthy were to come together in a mind - bending evening of relativity?<br /><br />This delightful roman à clef never uses the actual names of the characters it so thinly veils and scathingly exposes not only for the individuals they must have been , but also for what they came to represent over time . If you are confused by allegory , or if you like your movies served up predigested and mushy , you wo n't like this film . It is a demanding opus that rewards on many levels the viewer with the intelligence to appreciate it . < br /><br />Dropping , for the time being , the rigorous avoidance of using the real names of the characters , we see Einstein , about to deliver a pacifist speech to a United Nations hell - bent for nukes , being visited by Marylin Monroe , after filming the notorious Seven Year Itch scene that some say led to the end of her marriage with Joe Dimaggio . They have a lovely interplay in which Einstein stumbles with suitable professorial clumsiness around the innocence of perhaps the greatest sex symbol of modern times . < br /><br />Enter Senator McCarthy who thinks Einstein is a Red . He is determined to extract Einstein 's assurance that he will support the activities of the House Unamerican Activities Committee while delivering the ultimate weapon in the name of peace . Add Joe , a surprisingly fragile and vulnerable person perhaps not perfectly cast as Gary Busey , who hates Marylin 's exhibitionism and believes Einstein has become her lover , even though Marylin only wants to show Einstein that she understands the Special Theory of Relativity . < br /><br />But there 's more . < br /><br />Just like each of us , these characters have their deepest fears , which they reveal one by one in haunting flashbacks . It is these weaknesses , ultimately , that lend humanity to figures we can not help but see almost exclusively in the abstract today . Finally , we see the shocking terror of Einstein 's vision , and the statement of the movie becomes clear . It is a powerful and memorable moment.<br /><br />Insignificance is one of my top five movies of all time . It is utterly amazing .
1 Nicolas Roeg 's projects are variable to say the least , but are never less than interesting . " Insignificance " is obviously , first and foremost , an adapted stageplay : it 's wordy and pretty - much ' room - bound ' . BUT , it pays to view this film more than once : the underlying themes are not overtly presented and , what 's more , it takes a while to adjust to the juxtaposition and role - reversals of the four protagonists : Einstein , McCarthy , Munroe , and DiMaggio . < br /><br />Einstein is wracked by guilt over Hiroshima yet fancies the simplicity of a sexual liaison with Munro ; Munro is sick of being seen as a bimbo and craves intellectual credence ; Senator McCarthy is at the height of his witch - hunting powers but is an impotent sleazebag ; DiMaggio is insecure about his celebrity , self - obsessed , and prone to violence . Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction . Each character has a troubled , abused / abusive past and a questionable future . Gradually , we see that obsession itself is the central theme . America 's obsession with its postwar cultural icons and mores ; the obsessions of the protagonists for something none can have : peace - of - mind and/or happiness.<br /><br />Compared with the theory of relativity , a proposed unified - field theory and , indeed , the cosmos itself , all the aspirations and interactions of Roeg 's protagonists seem insignificant . Yet these aspects of the physical universe ( it 's all quantum , trust me ! ) affect us when they are applied to the development of the means to destroy us . Monroe 's mention of the principle behind the neutron - bomb ( without naming it as such ) is not an anachronism per se , but can only be understood by a contemporary audience . Indeed , ALL the references within the script are only accessible to a knowledgeable viewer : one au fait with ' 50s occurrences / personality cults and how they affect us in the 21st century.<br /><br />This film and its screenplay are either very , very clever , or extremely opaque and pretentious . Ultimately , however , probably insignificant.<br /><br />live long and prosper :) < br /><br / >
1 I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and " Walkabout " is one of my favorite films . This is a film version of Roegs stage play and while most of the film takes place in a hotel room it still has some of Roegs cinematic flare . Very unique story is about a famous actress ( Theresa Russell ) who after a hard nights work on a film in 1954 goes to a hotel to visit a famous professor ( Michael Emil ) and together in his hotel room they talk . After awhile she wants to go to bed with him but as they start to get undressed her husband is banging on the door . Her husband is a famous ex - baseball player ( Gary Busey ) and he wants to know what is going on . The three of them in the hotel room talk about what is going on and what the future holds for them . Meanwhile , a famous senator ( Tony Curtis ) is threatening to take away the professors papers if he does n't testify at a hearing . Theresa Russell is just excellent and while she 's not trying exactly to impersonate Marilyn Monroe she does a wonderful job of exuding the phobia 's and nuances that Monroe is very well known for . One thing the film does is show her as not only a woman on the verge of a mental breakdown but show her as a physical wreck as well . She talks of being unable to have children and at one point in the film she suffers a miscarriage . You can make an excellent case that this is Russell 's best performance and I probably would n't argue . The film does an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of many reasons for their actions . Busey also gives a good solid performance and it reminds me of what a strong persona he gives off on screen . Emil as the professor is a character that has many more things on his mind then we originally thought . The last scene in this film is a demonstration of his darker side ! One of the highlights of the film for me is the little conversation he has with the elevator man ( Will Sampson of " Cuckoo 's Nest " ) and they discuss what Cherokee Indians think about at all times . But of course the famous scene in this film is where Russell demonstrates to Emil how she does understand the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this . The professor is delighted by her demonstration and so are we ! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and they do admirable work when they are in collaboration and this is probably their best film together . Good performances and a very interesting job of directing make this a challenging and visually thought provoking film .
1 Yes , it 's flawed - especially if you 're into Hollywood films that demand a lot of effects , a purely entertaining or fantasy story or plot , and you ca n't actually think for yourself.<br /><br />Roeg 's films are for the intelligent film - goer , and Insignificance is a perfect example.<br /><br />The characterizations are brilliant , the story is excellent , but , like all Nic Roeg 's films - it has you thinking on every level about aspects of reality that would never have dawned on you before . His films always make you think , and personally , I like that in a film.<br /><br />So do n't expect to come away from watching this film and feeling all happy - happy , because it 's likely you 'll be disappointed.<br /><br />But I think it 's excellent .
1 If you have any sort of appreciation for character and dialogue , and any sense of American cultural history , you will find a lot of very absorbing material in this film . It probably was originally a play , and that 's why it 's dialogue heavy , but I ca n't stress enough how these icons that we only have a shallow understand of are made into truly complex and wonderful characters.<br /><br />This film is better than any college course for telling you how to create a character - driven story.<br /><br / >
1 New York , 1953 . One hot night , four famous iconic figures will come together . The professor ( Albert Einstein ) has come to NY to give a speech , which he has , the senator ( Joesph MacCarthy ) on his back . Later that night his gets a surprise visitor ; a famous actress ( Marilyn Monroe ) . Who actually wants to discuss the theories of Relativity . Soon her ball - playing husband ( Joe DiMaggio ) turns up at the hotel room , begging to work things out for their crumbling relationship . Flashbacks of childhood , important events , perceived consequences of their actions creep in to show how these individuals cope with despair and a hidden fear waiting to break out.<br /><br />Now that 's one - of - a - kind ! Adapted off a stage - play by Terry Johnson ( who would also script the screenplay for the film ) , " Insignificance " is an odd , quirky , seductive and downright curious fictional pop - culture gimmick in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg . This inspired and cerebral experimental effort might be rooted in its stage - play origins , because it does feel theatrical and most of the action occurs in a hotel backdrop and one main suite . The cramp look only enhanced the moody and smoky atmosphere of New York to great effect . However these limitations ca n't contain the fruitful and daring ideas that Roeg manages to randomly storm up visually and through the meaningful material . The way he reflects on the characters ' ( who are suggestively famous figures , without the need of naming of them ) philosophical journeys and interpretations of their notions is stimulating in a spiritual sense , with the memories gelling into the present and visions showing their fears of realisations , which depending on what you 're seeing is either beautiful , or hauntingly implemented . There 's plenty of food for thought and hints within the verbosely innovative ( if sometimes awkward ) script , with the main focus concerning the present situation , but the flashbacks gives us the personal make - up ( sex , power , enlightenment and glory ) of what makes them who they are and how much of a burden it can be in there already demanding lives . Sure the story might not lead to anything by the end , and it can feel disjointed , but the dreamy vibe and intelligent arrangement irons out those folds and makes sure it never turns giddy . Peter Hannan 's sensually fluid photography and Stanley Myers ' titillatingly oozing blues soundtrack fit in snugly with Roeg 's stylistically subdue and established style of directing . He makes it look like he 's working with something big and large - scale , but otherwise that 's not the case and a small little universe is created . The vintage costumes and locations of the period all come off fittingly enough . What made the film for me had to be the impressive acting it boasted from the main four . Theresa Russell 's perky , drop dead gorgeous appeal of the sexy pin - up actress is a growing portrayal that definitely held the film together along with an genuinely excellent and endearing performance by Michael Emil as the professor . Tony Curtis marvellously plays it up as witch - hunting senator and Gary Busey is suitably good in the stoically gravel manner as the ballplayer . Showing up in minor , but amusing support roles happen to be Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick.<br /><br />A memorably striking , fresh and tour de force meditation piece of metaphysics linked together by four different extremes . Some might find it pretentiously estrange and too talky , but this one had me wrapped up in its own little unique world to worry too much about its shortcomings .
1 It is not known whether Marilyn Monroe ever met and spoke with Albert Einstein ( and since the mysterious disappearance of her diary after her equally mysterious death , we may never know ) , but in their lifetime the opportunity was there.<br /><br />Scripted by Terry Johnson from his own play , Nicolas Roeg 's Insignificance imagines an encounter in a New York hotel room one night in 1953 between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio ( Busey ) , and Senator Joseph McCarthy ( Curtis ) - but only on one level . On another level , it elevates - or reduces - these ' personalities ' ( and what a lousy phrase that is ) to mere avatars ( the characters are deliberately unnamed ) , at once greater and lesser in status.<br /><br />The title Insignificance is both apposite and deeply ironic ; here , DiMaggio 's net worth has been reduced to little more than a picture on a bubblegum card . Monroe too is reduced to her constituent parts of dress , hair , lipstick , wiggle and voice . By uncovering their insecurities and reversing their roles , the film brings into sharp focus received notions of celebrity , exploding the cult of personality.<br /><br />Furthering the theme , there will be another explosion at the film 's climax : Hiroshima in a hotel suite , in which ' The Actress ' is burned to a cinder in seconds ; a literal deconstruction of fame . Goodbye , Norma Jean . History informs the script , which in turn , shakes history upside down . As Roeg mused after watching Johnson 's play for the first time , " These characters were mythic , not invented by any single person , not the public or the press , probably not even by the characters themselves . " As played by Theresa Russell , Marilyn ( a closet intellectual in real life ) , lectures a childlike Einstein ( ' The Professor ' , played by Emil ) on the theory of relativity using balloons and a flashlight , while getting The Professor to show off his legs , in conscious parody of her own role in The Seven - Year Itch , the movie The Actress is seen to be working on in the film 's opening.<br /><br />History records that Monroe 's then - husband , fading baseball star DiMaggio ( played by Busey as a tenderly psychotic simpleton ) , was unhappy about her iconic dress - splaying scene in the film , precipitating their break - up . Right on cue , we discover the jealous ' Ballplayer ' in a bar , bemoaning the fact that if , " I want to see her underwear , I just walk down to the corner like all the other guys".<br /><br />In contrast to The Professor , The Ballplayer believes the universe is round - a contention shared by Native Americans . But the Big Chief ( Sampson , of One Flew Over The Cuckoo 's Nest fame ) who operates the Roosevelt Hotel 's elevator has been all but disenfranchised from his own culture : " I no longer Cherokee - I watch TV . " Meanwhile , ' The Senator ' is investigating The Professor , who is on the eve of delivering a pacifist speech to the United Nations , but whom The Senator suspects is a Red . In fact , as he divulges to Monroe , Einstein is wracked with guilt over Hiroshima , and what the white heat future holds . Yet in a seemingly godless universe , all such worries and aspirations are rendered insignificant in the light of a higher ( atomic ) power.<br /><br />Roeg really is the perfect director to bring Johnson 's stage play to the screen . Throughout , tortured childhood flashbacks and pessimistic flash - forwards ( ka - boom ! ) draw unexpected connections between time , place and circumstance , with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch employed to mark time 's passing - but perhaps also to suggest all time is one time ; each moment co - existing . As evinced by his back catalogue , it 's something of a hobbyhorse for a director enchanted with the notion of synchronicity - see Do n't Look Now in particular . Here , 1920 bleeds into 1945 and drip - feeds into the 1980s , a period in which another ' Actor ' has taken on his greatest role as the President of the United States.<br /><br />If all this sounds rather heavy going ( quantum physics is surely involved ) , the execution is anything but , owing to Johnson 's witty , zippy screenplay , Roeg 's playful direction , opening out an essentially stagey set - up - and the cast themselves , who are on stellar form . Tony Curtis especially leaves denture marks in the wood panelling as the paranoid , impotent Senator , who is seen attempting congress with a Monroe impersonator ( a real one , as opposed to Russell 's ) , before being let down by his dwindling member.<br /><br />Of course , Curtis once co - starred with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot , and whose embrace he memorably described as like " kissing Hitler " . As Roeg commented , " Everything suddenly seemed connected ... when the film began to take shape even the actors themselves seemed part of this endless linking . " It all goes into the pot , to be boiled down and served up in new and fascinating ways .
1 " Insignificance " is a far from great film , from a stage play , directed by Nic Roeg . In the scheme of Roeg 's films , this is above the level of most of his post-"Don't Look Now " work , which is characterised by judicious use of Theresa Russell as lead actress . She 's actually very good here , and far from the problem in other Roeg films like " Bad Timing " and " Cold Heaven " . As the " Actress " , who is Marilyn Monroe , Russell is very effective , portraying her as a thoroughly depressive , but likeable siren . She plays well alongside Michael Emil as Einstein , who is excellent to say the least . He looks the part admirably , and while Theresa Russell does n't look exactly like Monroe , she certainly is attractive enough to make the part ring true . Other players are adequate if not quite as arresting as Emil and Russell are . A pretty workable , intelligent script is directed well by Roeg , but certainly not brilliantly , like " Walkabout " or " Performance " . As in other later Roeg films , he tends to rely too much on vague , insubstantial flashbacks , that add very little to the film . In many ways the film would have worked better as a shorter ( say , 60 minutes ) , more modest piece . Still , a quite acceptable , passable film . At times quite excellent , but somewhat lacking overall . Rating:- * * * 1/2/ * * * * *
1 " The Woman in Black " is easily one of the creepiest British ghost stories ever made . A young solicitor , after arriving in a small town to handle a dead client 's estate , is haunted by a mysterious woman dressed all in black . The film is loaded with extremely eerie atmosphere and the frights are calculated for and deliver the maximum effect possible . The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing . The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times . So if you want to see a truly creepy horror film give this one a look . I dare anyone to watch " The Woman in Black " alone at night with the lights off . Highly recommended.10 out of 10 .
1 The Woman in Black ( 1989 ) is a TV adaptation of Susan Hill 's modern classic ghost story , published only a few years earlier than the film was made . Sadly , this film has not been released on DVD , and as far as I am aware it has been deleted on VHS . It 's availability is in direct contrast to it 's popularity amongst those in the know about horror films . The story revolves around events in a seaside community in the early 20th century where a young solicitor is sent by his firm to conclude the affairs of a recently deceased widow , who died on her isolated marshland estate . What he thought would be a routine and probably tedious task turns into a nightmare as he discovers that the old woman was haunted to her death , and that the ghosts of her past are not content to rest . The story is told in a subtle but concise way , never being self - indulgent , flashy or over - expositional . The obviously tight budget may have contributed to the no - nonsense approach , but it 's just what the story needs , and why it works so well . It 's what you do n't see that scares . Having said that , there is one particularly terrifying scene that relies on the visual , and it works to perfection . I watched this film during the day , and it still gave me nightmares nearly a week later . If you love being terrified , do what you must to get hold of and watch a copy of The Woman In Black .
1 This film has been scaring me since the first day I saw it.<br /><br />My Mum had watched it when it was on the telly back in ' 92 . I remember being woken up in the middle of the night by her tearful ramblings as my Dad helped her up the stairs.<br /><br />She was saying something like " Do n't let her get me " or something like that . I asked what had made her so upset and she told me that she 'd been watching The Woman in Black.<br /><br />So obviously i had to watch it and even though i was only eleven she let me . It scared the s * * * out of me . I 've been immune to horror films since watching this !
1 Every once in a while in the wonderful world of horror , diamonds are crafted , and one becomes completely awestruck by its sheer brilliance . This is no less than a diamond ! ! This is a film brimful of eeriness , chilling anticipation , and dark atmosphere , and I think it 's safe to say , one of my favourite horror films of all time ! And of course it contains probably the single most , flat out scary sequence in the whole of history of horror ! Every time I see the film , and it gets up to the point where you know the inevitably will happen , I try to remember exactly when I will be frightened out of my wits , but it never fails to happen ; I never get it right , and I find myself as terrorized as the first time I saw it ! ! Now , it must be said , to scare a jaded horror fan like that , that is nothing short of pure perfection . Unlike the Americans , the Brits know their subtleties , they take pride in the art of acting , they do not need any special effect in order to convey atmosphere , they rely on the power of the potent story , and the creepiness(in this case)of suggestion and anticipation . Every single element is impeccable , from the set pieces , the acting , the story , to the menacing atmosphere . Pauline Moran surely could make the devil whimper , that 's for sure ! ! As an end note , if you for some demented reason do n't like this piece of insanity , then you honestly do n't know what horror is all about , and frankly do not deserve to know it either . Thank you !
1 I really miss the production of good old fashion Spooky films . If Ismail Merchant and James Ivory had been given the task of producing such a film it may have been this one , save for the lack of an internationally known , top drawer cast . This is one of those films that you watch alone on a dark evening with a pizza and some popcorn , and you do n't even bother doing the dishes until morning because you just want to hide under the covers . Bravo to Director Herbert Wise , Writers Susan Hill and Nigel Kneale , top Production design by Jon Bunker , Art Direction by John Ralph and an excellent cast for making me shudder and feel so isolated even though I 'm living in one of the most populated cities in the world in the beginning of the 21st Century . I gave it a " 9 " out of " 10 " because with the production and budget constraints of television , they really pulled of a great show .
1 I love ghost stories in general , but I PARTICULARLY LOVE chilly , atmospheric and elegantly creepy British period - style ghost stories . This one qualifies on all counts . A naive young lawyer ( " solicitor " in Britspeak ) is sent to a small village near the seaside to settle an elderly , deceased woman 's estate . It 's the 1920s , a time when many middle - class Brits go to the seaside on vacation for " their health . " Well , guess what , there 's nothing " healthy " about the village of Crythin Gifford , the creepy site of the elderly woman 's hulking , brooding Victorian estate , which is located on the fringes of a fog - swathed salt marsh . When the lawyer saves the life of a small girl ( none of the locals will help the endangered tot -- you find out why later on in the film ) , he inadvertently incurs the wrath of a malevolent spirit , the woman in black . She is no filmy , gauzy wraith , but a solid black silhouette of malice and evil . The viewer only sees her a few times , but you feel her malevolent presence in every frame . As the camera creeps up on the lawyer while he 's reading through legal papers , you expect to see the woman in black at any moment . When the lawyer goes out to the generator shed to turn on the electricity for the creepy old house , the camera snakes in on him and you think she 'll pop up there , too . Waiting for the woman in black to show up is nail - bitingly suspenseful . We 've seen many elements of this story before(the locked room that no one enters , the fog , the naive outsider who ignores the locals ' warnings ) but the director somehow manages to combine them all into a completely new - seeming and compelling ghost story . Watch it with a buddy so you can have someone warm to grab onto while waiting for the woman in black . . .
1 Spectacular Horror movie that will give you the chills once you get settled with it . The atmosphere is very creepy and stylish , the score is chilling , but the best about the movie is it 's performances . It 's rare to get scared by performances and this movie 's solid acting plays an important part in the scare factor.<br /><br />The story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes . Though the woman in black does not have much screen time , she makes the necessary appearances to chill the audience in some brilliant scenes . The dialogs are very descriptive and make your imagination work and that 's when it becomes really scary . < br /><br />If you have the chance , watch this on theater it 's a totally different experience but as scary as this movie.<br /><br />This is one of the best Ghost movies ever and it 's directed for people that want to get scared .
1 I saw this film on television years ago , but here several years after , I wake up in the morning , and still remember her face.<br /><br />This film is the most profoundly terrifying film I have seen .
1 Whilst I have loved haunted house movies such as Amityville and Poltergeist , this made for TV adaption of Susan Hills book packs a huge punch on the horrors of Hollywood.<br /><br />With a brilliant cast ( many of which star in Heartbeat and other TV dramas ) , great acting , and fantastic setting ( which portrays 1920 's life convincingly ) , it has all the right ingredients to entice the viewer into what is a powerful ghost story.<br /><br />Herbert Wise did not need blood , violence , or gore to send chills down the spines of an audience . Using your own imagination , the Woman In Black is a figure of fear and dread , and whose presence is never absent once she first appears.<br /><br />The main character Arthur Kidd , a solicitor , learns about his unseen spectre on his mission to settle the estate . The widow dies and Arthur spends few nights inside her dreary home in which he notices many oddities , which may haunt him for some days . Some of the scenes are very unsettling and claustrophobic , particularly the locked room which opens itself , which turns the generator off and closes Arthur in darkness . The film becomes more harrowing the more you put yourself in Arthurs shoes , and his efforts to shake this ghost off . The writer puts many chilling additions into the story , an example being the tin soldier 's re - appearance . One is eager to learn the meaning of it all . The fact we never really learn that much about the widow , leaves more to the imagination and makes it all the more unsettling.<br /><br />The widow for the most part , looks vicious and intimidating . The scene after winding the generator sent the chills down me , a woman who appears out of nowhere on isolated marshy land with a howling wind  having been on such properties myself I can appreciate how isolating this is . And the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible things I 've seen , one I do n't wish to watch in a hurry or show to elderly relatives . I have often woken up at night thinking she was behind me in my sleep.<br /><br />The Woman In Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem . I agree to some extent the Internet hype for this film has been totally overblown and can see why people were disappointed after spending the best of £ 50 on it , but I think the net has defeated hidden gems because it makes films like these over - exposed . I think it 's still brilliant and fantastically acted and I consider it the greatest ghost story of the last century .
1 I was lucky enough to watch this without any pre viewing hype . I was surprised at the resilience of the ghost 's image in my mind the next day , and the day after that . I 've watched it 3 - 4 times , and each time I appreciate it even more . The settings are gorgeous , the town at dusk has beautiful lighting effects , the marsh long shots , and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss . The main hero is so likable and good natured , that he is easily sympathized with . To the person who complained that there was n't enough ' spark ' in this film , I 'd say that it 's because the whole fight against the ghost is being waged by just this one person . It is a fairly slow paced film , with an unusual amount of time being spent , pre and post ghost attack , on developing his character with family and work life . SPOILERS discussion/<br /><br />I especially liked the turning point , when he comes back to the main town and meets with the man helping him and explains about seeing the ghost . He describes the Woman in black , and then at the end of the conversation he says that he is going back , because after all , what harm had she done to him ? The other man says , " you ca n't go back ... alone ! " and lends the hero his dog . The cute little dog offers a small respite of comic relief , with it 's bounding through the house and even into the locked room.<br /><br />The many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out . The woman shows up in mid shot at the church , showing that it is not afraid of the church , and is also not shy or bound to the house . This is all in the very beginning . Another unbelievably memorable scene was with the kids outside of the church fence , watching the funeral . As the camera pans to the right , the woman is seen in the background among the gravestones . The older man wo n't even look at it , but the kids are all yelling and taunting it . Crreeepy ... Usually ghosts are hidden in shadows , haunting specific locales or people . As has been mentioned , the ghost 's malevolence and wrath are frightening , and I feel it 's attacks and the ending were perfect and fully justified . The ending underlined the fact that the hero made a major mistake by going back to the house . Or perhaps he was marked no matter what , by saving the gypsy girl . The guy who plays the hotel manager is so believable , and really fills the role well . I have been spreading the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this film , and it is reassuring to see others feel the same . I can see how people do n't quite see the same masterpiece , especially if they went into it with a lot of review hype.<br /><br />I think another person summed it up when they said that this movie settled the question of whether or not Ghosts could physically harm man . Whew .. I plan to watch it again tonight followed by The Changeling , aaww yeah . Any other films to recommend?<br /><br />Thanks ,
1 I first saw this movie here in the U.K. in December 1989 when Central TV broadcast it . I still have the video tape , although worn out ( over the years many friends and family members have borrowed it and have also been chilled by it ! ) . < br /><br />Anyway , I remember coming home that night , grabbing a Christmas tipple , switching the lights out and watching what was advertised as a ' Christmas Ghost Story ' . Even now I remember certain scenes that still send the hairs on my neck standing on - end ... < br /><br />I have seen some comments on the movie which say it 's not this and not that ... I think those people get scared by Friday 13th and the like , stalk and slash rammel , which are laughable . This is a ' traditional ' ghost story ; there is no big budget action or special effects ... no swearing , no blood , no gratuitous sex scenes , no chainsaws or guns etc ... So how refreshing ! ! ! ! It 's atmospheric . IF you like chilling horror , well written , well acted and with a genuinely scary atmosphere , this is the movie for you . I like the original horrors ; only last night I saw the original Haunting and that is a superb movie . Very atmospheric again - and so is The Woman In Black . The end of the movie differs to the book , but still very good . I recommend it . Try it ... you * will * like it if you like traditional ghost stories ... SO ... turn off the lights , turn up the fire , lock the doors , grab a drink ... and enjoy ... :)
1 Well - done ghost story that will give you the creeps and some pretty fair scares along the way . The story unfolds slowly , building atmosphere all the way until you 're ready to see the woman in black . You wo n't forget her once you 've seen her . No gore , no knives , no hockey masks -- just a well - constructed story that is best viewed at night with the lights out .
1 I saw this on TV so long ago that I ca n't remember when it was , but it still stands out as one of the scariest , most unnerving films I 've ever seen . There is a simultaneously subtle but intense dread induced by the woman in black lurking at the edge of the frame , not quite clearly visible , so that you feel ( like the solicitor hero ) , unsure whether its just imagination or not . It is also one of the few films which has really made me fearful to keep watching . " Production values " be hanged , good films are about a director 's ability to create atmosphere using film , actors , locations / sets , music , attention to detail , and ... imagination . A real gem .
1 This film gave me nightmares for months and I 'm 17 . This is the scariest movie ever made ! That is no exaggeration ! ! I saw this movie at school in English lessons and no one else was scared which amazed me . After reading other reviews I 'm glad I 'm not the only person who found this so scary ! !
1 Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies . They get to be same ol'-same ol' . Same ol' pack every minute with some cheap thrill ( usually ' splatter ' ) and nowadays they can pack every second with gaudy special effects . One of the goals of a really good horror flick is to suspend the sense of disbelief of the audience . For instance , I saw both of the recent Mummy movies and nearly got dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second . It probably costs a million dollars per second to make those movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended , it grew roots.<br /><br />Subtlety can be more terrifying . Less is more . < br /><br />I first saw ' The Woman in Black ' on the A&E channel . After flipping through the usual 987 channels of very bad television I stopped to watch it . This movie almost has the feel of a ' Masterpiece Theater ' production . That was fine with me , I 've always preferred British TV & movies anyway.<br /><br />Most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced . But the slow pacing helps give the story credibility . The special effects are few which lulls the viewer into thinking that this film is set in the real world thus making us a bit more uneasy . The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable . Hollywood would have made her look like a she demon from hell with glowing eyes - fangs - claws etc . Hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity.<br /><br />The woman only makes about five appearances in the film . Most of them are where she appears in the distance and even that creates a good fright . If she appeared too often , it could 've cheapened the mood that gets set . However this movie is so well made that through much of the film we 're led into sensing that she is there the whole time but not visible . The scene where she ' visits ' Arthur Kidd late at night and we see her just a little too close is a masterpiece in horror.<br /><br />This is just an extraordinary film that I think should rate as one the finest horror films ever made . I have a copy of ' The Haunting ' , ' The Changling ' and a zillion more . I have n't seen anything that tops ' The Woman in Black ' yet although I 'm still looking . This movie is so well made that it gives even the most hardened skeptic ( like me ) a moment where I almost had second thoughts about the non - existence of ghosts . I joke to people that I occasionally get brief fears that she could appear standing in the middle of the road or that I 'd see her staring through my window , etc . Maybe she could be in a crowd at the mall glaring at me with her look of hate . This is how a really great horror film should be . Like a LaFanu novel , The Woman in Black very slowly pulls you in and wraps herself around your neck and before you realize it , she 's squeezing the life out of you and then it 's too late.<br /><br />Closest thing I have to a criticism is that this was made for the small screen ... and it 's a terrible shame that this is out of print . I just paid over $ 40 for my second copy of this movie . It 's a major prize in my collection . Now I 'm on a quest to find an even better horror movie that not only gives the chills but also qualifies a sound drama .
1 I gave this film an 10/10 with some reluctance as it 's hard to praise something that so haunted and terrified me for years . The sheer menace on the woman in black 's face is just pure horror and the accompanying music just worsens the dread . < br /><br />I saw this when it was first on TV when I was 10 and it really did disturb me for years . I 'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too . So many movie reviews go on about how disturbing or terrifying a film might be but you can believe all those who have posted on this board , this really is incredibly powerful stuff . I mean I really like horror films and generally find them quite funny more often than not , but this really is menacing and will probably disturb most people . I have n't seen it since I was 10 and I 'm tempted to watch it again but fear I might have some sleepless nights . I ca n't quite put my finger on what it is exactly , but I think it 's something to do with the fact that fear is the Woman 's greatest weapon and that we , as viewers , are just as susceptible as we feel the fear so intensely . It 's remarkable that other viewers ' feelings are so unanimous.<br /><br />I've also seen the stage play , which was an excellent production ... but nothing can compare to this .
1 How much could the general Hollywood director learn from this movie ? All ... when it comes to actually scaring people . This movies truly shows that it is possible to really frighten and scare a viewer , and that monstrous monsters and long knifes never will be the best way of achieving this . All who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie ... it is the best of it 's kind .
1 The first and only time I saw the woman in black was I think the only time to my knowledge it appeared on TV back in 1989 . It was Christmas eve and my father and i were watching it in the living room shortly before we all went to a midnight service in the village church . I was quite young at the time but i 'm not sure who was more terrified walking through the church yard to the entrance of the church that night me or my father!.<br /><br />There are many factors about this film that make it so creepy but i think 0ne of them is the fact that there 's not much in the way of a sound track that plays in the background of nearly every Hollywood movie , so every creak , thump and bang is more amplified in your head as there 's no distraction . Another factor that makes it different from other ghost stories there 's no jump factor involved like things bouncing out the closet so it makes it not necessarily what you see but what you hear and what you think is going on . This is a clever medium as nothing scares you more than your own mind running riot thinking what s around the corner or behind the door!<br /><br />A superb ghost story , I 've never seen anything that can match it and with all the dross that s repeated over and over on TV i ca nt believe the BBC has deleted it after ( to my knowledge ) only one showing !
1 There is nothing remotely scary about modern " horror " which is an insult to the word " horror " . Freddie Vs Jason , the Scream movies , Cabin Trash , and especially Stephen King 's infantile attempts - he 's recycled every story from The Monkey 's Paw to whatever , often in the same story - at horror in both writing and on film ( except for Kubrick 's version of The Shining which actually was scary , unlike King 's books which are as frightening as my big toe - the left one , which still has the nail.<br /><br />But The Woman In Black is that rare modern film that will make the hairs on the back of your neck stand on end . This is the way it should be done ; the director creates tension , and the scariest ghost ever actually seen simply by having her suddenly turn up standing still somewhere or other with that incredible look on her face . Then he brings it all to a ghastly disturbing close . He 's learned his lessons from the masters who knew how to make horror - Val Lewton ( original Cat People ) and Robert Wise ( a Val Lewton disciple and director of the Haunting and The Body Snatcher ) , Jacques Tournier ( another Val Lewton disciple who directed a truly horrifying zombie film , not the gross rubbish Raimi did ( gross is n't scary , folks , it 's just gross ) , and Lewis Allen ( The Uninvited ) , and of course Jack Clayton 's turn on Henry James The Innocents , and the way the master of suspense , Hitchcock , can still bring you to the edge of your seat even with a slow - building and burning period piece like Under Capricorn.<br /><br />TEN STARS ...
1 I first watched this film when I was a kid and is the only time in my life that I can remember putting my hands over my face and eyes in utter horror at one particular scene . I remembered it again with a disscusion with my uni friends and promptly bought it on video with plenty of hesitation I might add ( to my surprise I only found it on the web in the States when it was made in England ! ) When I watched it again my reaction and to my surprise was almost the same , of sheer horror and fear and never has my heart been beating so much too . This is in my opinon the SCARIEST film ever made , Hollywood films seem tame in comparison and a bit Pony and Trap ( crap ) , pardon the pun . What is amazing though is the power of this film and at uni when watching this with about twenty of my associates I have never heard so many screams , blokes as well ! Even the sight of the video brings the fear of God into me of that one particular scene , and left me feeling that I will never walk alone again in the dark ! ! ! !
1 A young solicitor in sent to a remote area to wrap up the estate of a recently deceased client . When he arrives he finds that he is made less than welcome by the local villagers and that his deceased client was not liked . To speed things up he decides to move from the local inn and take up residence in her home , a house that is usually fogbound and approached only by a causeway that is blocked off by the sea most of the day . Once there he sees visions of a woman in black , is she real or imaginary , he is also subjected to the blood curdling cries of a woamn and child apparently drowning in the marshes , these events take their toll on him and he soon becomes quite terrified . Atmospheric TV adaptation of a famous play by Susan Hill , that spends it first third building up its characters , before moving to the creepy country house , its poor colour contrast give away its TV roots immediately , this really should have been in black & white , but still as a ghost story it had a couple of unsettling moments , still though after waiting so long to see it I must say I was sadly just a little underwhelmed .
1 ... On stage , TV or in a book , ' The Woman in Black ' is an outstanding ghost story . Other reviewers have already said just about all there is to say about this film , but I thought I would add my belated little review too . The made - for - TV movie has a deliberately slow first act , which chronicles the main character Arthur as he goes about his business as a solicitor in 1920s London . I can understand why this might not appeal to all palates . Nevertheless , for me , I love this British - style of storytelling similar to any of the BBC 's " Ghost Story for Christmas " adaptations of the great M.R. James ' work . In the second act , the ghost story kicks in as Arthur is sent to the provinces by his boss , to tidy up the affairs of a deceased client . The third act relentlessly builds up to a spine - tingling conclusion ... As a Londoner , I have seen the play . I own the book , DVD - R and have the unabridged audio book on my iPod , too . What is sure for me , ' The Women in Black ' on any medium is a ghost story with few equals . It is about time that we had a legitimate region 2 DVD release .
1 ........... as I was when I saw this movie ) I will never watch this movie again , not because it is a bad movie , but because it scared me so much ! As I said , I was 14 when my English teacher decided to show it to us ; the reason for this is that we had read an extract from the book.<br /><br />All the girls in my class were TERRIFIED when the Woman in Black comes through the window and floats over Kidd 's bed , although , just before that there is something that also frightened us , which was when Kidd finds the toy soldier underneath his pillow , and he hears a child 's voice say " It 's for you " . That scene still haunts me to this day , nearly 7 YEARS after I saw the film.<br /><br />If you are easily scared , AVOID THIS FILM ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1 This is a plain old spooky ghost story . I showed it to some friends of mine in my movie club , and they were kept spellbound until the ending ! No blood or gore- just good old fashioned suspense . It starts out right from the beginning , and builds and builds . The ending is a real twist that caught me unawares . < br /><br />Well directed and well acted . It is also a " period piece"- set in the 1920s- which added to the atmosphere . < br /><br />I was so impressed I got the book by Susan Hill from Amazon . The movie follows the book rather closely . < br /><br />It 's a shame it 's not readily available on DVD . My copy is VHS . This along with " Haunted " are probably two of the best Ghost Stories I 've ever scene . Which just goes to show that a little creativity outdoes " in your face " gore any day !
1 A young solicitor from London , Arthur Kidd is sent to a small coastal town of Crythin Gifford to oversee the estate of a recently passed away widow Mrs Drablow . While attending her funeral , a mysterious lady dressed in black catches his attention . Supposedly Drablow lived a reclusive life , and locals kept pretty quiet about her . After this he heads to Mrs Drablow mansion that can only be reached on a causeway through the swamp during low tide . There he encounters the woman in black again in cemetery out back of the house , and things begin to get creepy as terrifying noises start coming from the marshes . Now can Mrs Drablow 's belongings and listening to her recorded dairy entries help Kidd figure out this gloomy mystery that the locals fear to talk about.<br /><br />Often highly regarded amongst horror fans as being one of the most chilling ghost stories ever and I can see their point . But only in doses does it draw upon tag . Yes , from what you can gather I was left a ' little ' under - whelmed , despite really liking it . I was expecting goose bumps throughout the whole feature , but that 's probably it   expecting . Mainly I had a similar reaction with the 1980 haunted house thriller ' The Changeling ' . When you hear so many good things , it 's sometimes hard not get caught up with it.<br /><br />Anyhow what the British TV presentation of " The Woman in Black " effectively does is bring out a truly old - fashion , slow burn spine - tingling premise driven by its moody locations , disquieting atmosphere and first - rate performances . Subtly blankets the psychologically gripping story ( adapted off Susan Hill 's novel of the same name ) , as the simple mystery authentically opens up with a depressingly tragic tone and successfully characterises its protagonist . Little seems to happen , and can feel drawn out , but the fragile randomness of it catch you off guard . Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black . Who mostly appears as a background figure , it 's ultimately creepy . She might not appear all that much , but when she does  . Talk about unnerving ! That also goes for that downbeat conclusion . Pauline Moran , who plays the woman in black , competently gets us nervous by just her gaunt appearance and sudden positioning . A pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you . She 's a spirit you do n't want to cross paths with , yet alone let her see you . An accomplished performance by a marvelously moody Adrian Rawlins as the solicitor Arthur Kidd does hold it all together . In support are solid turns by Bernard Hepton , David Daker , Clare Holman and David Ryall.<br /><br />Drawing heavy on its lushly sombre rural town and foggy coastal locations adds more to the realistically eerie plight and the centre piece were everything unfolds in the forlorn , time - worn Victorian house that comprehensively suffocates the air with constant fear . Director Herbert Wise carefully fabricates alarming imagery that slowly covers one secretive piece at a time in a smoothly paved out rhythm of well - judged contriving . Instead of going out to shock us , some scenes contain a distressing intensity that wo n't let go . The sound effects are masterfully used , by surrounding and disorienting the air . Rachel Portman 's harrowing musical score knows how to get under your skin during those eerie moments and then stay with you.<br /><br />This rarity made - for - television feat is a stimulating rich and unsettling supernatural spook - fest . It might not share much new to the sub - genre , but it competently sticks to it strengths to deliver what counts in this curse .
1 The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects . It 's scary , suspenseful and so realistic that you can actually see it happening in real life . I first saw this on the TV back in 1989 , and with all the lights off and the volume turned up , it was probably the most creepy experience of my entire life . I managed to get hold of a copy , and now , I make sure to bring it out every Halloween and show it too unsuspecting family members , who have no idea what they 're in for , and all I can do is laugh with glee . As for the film:<br /><br />It starts out with a young lawyer named Arthur Kipps , who is assigned by his firm to go to the market town of Crythin Gifford to settle the papers of a recently deceased client - Mrs. Alice Drablow . < br /><br />This film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story . But then , Arthur attends the funeral , and from that scene on , we do not feel safe . We are constantly on edge and biting our nails , and that goes on for the next hour or so , until the final , thrilling finale.<br /><br />A warning to all new viewers though : do not watch this alone ...
1 Yes , a true classic ! This is what British drama is all about , realism and the minimal use of special effects ( and over inflated budgets ) . I last saw this drama when it was last screened on British terrestial TV in 1994 . It truly should be viewed by everyone who likes a scary plot , no big names but non - the - less great acting . Sadly the copywrite is now owned by someone unknown and as such this great drama is unlikely to be aired anytime soon . I myself recently acquired The Woman In Black on VHS , so now once again I shall be able to enjoy this truly great British drama . You should try and enjoy it too!<br /><br />Mark R. Horobin
1 The Woman In Black was a British made for TV movie which was first broadcast on the BBC on Christmave Eve of ' 89 , and again in ' 92 . I believe it made a round on American TV on A&E. It was released on VHS in Britain in the early 90 's but went out of print . A U.S. company released it on DVD later , but that version also sold out . According to the website of the author of the book , the rights to the movie are now owned by someone else and that it wo n't be released again , and that there are unofficial bootlegs being sold on ebay.<br /><br />I first heard about this movie just recently on a message board and had to check it out . I found a copy on ebay for about 28 bucks . It 's certain to be a counterfeit from a seller in the far east , even though the DVD says , " made in Canada , " ha ha . But it 's a good copy , and you ca n't really fault the bootleg labels for releasing stuff that is rare , out of print , and lost in legal disputes.<br /><br />I love the movie . It 's a period piece set in the 1920 's , with all the very authentic and quaint British settings of that time . The Woman In Black is very atmospheric and dark . For the most part , the movie is very low - key , but effective and scary . There is no self indulgent gore , violence or much at all in special effects , but The Woman In Black is still able to create absolutely chilling moments . It 's a chilling classic styled ghost movie . The movie itself looks like it could have been made in the 1930 's except for the color . Without all the flash of all the modern horror movies , I 'm afraid this film will always just be a lost gem . For me , it places itself as one of my all time favorites .
1 Why am I so convinced there 's actually another film version of this novel out there somewhere ? I saw the film again this year as I am teaching the novel and find the changes in the film annoying - there is no appearance of the little boy in the novel and the ending has been changed . They kill him off in the film but the whole point is that he is haunted by the events at Eel Marsh House for many years but does remarry and eventually put the events behind him . Mr. Bentley is a far more sympathetic character in the novel , the scene in the film where Kipps sets fire to the office is plain daft , and the constant appearance of the toy soldier to signify the presence of the child is genuinely creepy but pointless - Kipps is haunted by the woman seeking revenge , not the child . I am sure I 've seen a film which is better and closer to the novel and actually scarier . Have I just imagined this ?
1 I recently stumbled across this film on TNT five minutes into it , while on vacation in Florida ... ( hey there has to be some down time in the hotel , right ? ) I was initially surprised to see Melissa Joan Hart in any feature length film on TNT . I mean " Drive Me Crazy " is n't THAT old already , is it?<br /><br />But I stuck with it , and was thoroughly surprised and entertained . Melissa plays her role as the psychotic Jennifer excellently . The supporting cast ( Nick , the ex - con boyfriend ; Karen , her best friend ; and her life - controlling parents ) all added a great degree of believability . The twist at the end was a nice closure to this tale of the girl who always seemed to be one step ahead of everybody.<br /><br />If you get a chance , check it out!<br /><br / >
1 Twisted Desire ( 1996 ) was a TV movie starring Melissa Joan Hart . Melissa 's character , Jennifer Stanton , a seventeen - year - old seduces her current boyfriend Nick Ryan into murdering her two parents . The movie is based on the 1990 murders of the parents of 14 year old Jessica Wiseman . Jessica had her 17 year old boyfriend Douglas Christopher Thomas shoot and kill her parents ! Thomas was executed in 2000 ! Jessica was released from prison when she turned 21 years old . Evidence now suggests that it was Jessica who fired the fatal shot that killed her mother . Jessica is known to now be residing somewhere in the state of Virginia .
1 When I was flicking through the TV Guide , and came across " Twisted Desire " on the movie section , I read it 's description . Three words caught my eye " Melissa Joan Hart " ... I find her role in " Sabrina : The Teenage Witch " absolutely vile , I hate those kind of programs , so I was just thinking that it was going to be a boring old , love story starring her ... Little did I know.<br /><br />It finally started on the television , I had my bucket ready in case I were to puke over it 's cheesiness or soppiness , you know what I mean . At first , you think she 's just a nice , ordinary girl who 's in love , but has mean parents . Then when you find out she 's manipulated her boyfriend into killing her parents , so she could be with her TRUE love , you 're like " Whoa " . You just do n't expect this sort of role for that sort of actress . She played her role very well in my opinion , I never expected her to be able to act like such a bitch , and voilà , she did it perfectly ! Congrats to her , the movie was very good , I 'd definitely watch it again and recommend it to others .
1 The movie that i am going to review is a little television movie made in 1996 and it starred Melissa Joan Hart and Daniel Baldwin.<br /><br />The main protagonist / antagonist Jennifer Stanton ( Hart ) is a typical all American teenager who is feeling the pressure of having such a controlling father ( Baldwin ) . However , when she meets an ex con called Nick Ryan ( Jeremy Jordan " Never been kissed " ) they instantly ' fall ' for each other , but Jennifer has a different idea on where to take their relationship . she manipulates him to kill her parents , to protect their ' love ' but she just used him to get rid of her parents so she can be with Brad ( David Lascher future ' Sabrina ' cast mate for Hart ) . Melissa Joan Hart actually really surprised me with her role as an evil manipulator and she carries the movie well by using her friends and Nick so she can literally get away with murder . The rest of the supporting cast work well and they each hold their own when they have screen time . I also found it interesting that this film was made and released the same year , Hart , began portrayed Sabrina , the Teenage Witch and this shows she can act in my genres of film and television.<br /><br />Although the film has dated somewhat it stills stands out as some of her best work that involves drama or thriller and i am looking forward to ' Nine Dead ' that comes out in November because it shows she can seen as other people that are not called " Clarissa Darling " or Sabrina Spellman" < br /><br />I recommend this film to anyone that is a fan of Melissa Joan Hart or Sabrina . You can watch this on the internet , so i suggest check it out .
1 Although the story is fictional , it draws from the reality of not only the history of latin american countries but all the third world . This is the true , pure and raw recent history of these countries summarized concisely in this novel / film . The offbeat supranatural stuff , lightens up the intensity of historical events presented in this movie . After all the supranatural stuff is a part of the culture in the third world . Although is not critically acclaimed ( probably because of the supranatural stuff ) , This is an excellent movie , with a great story and great acting .
1 I liked the movie , first of all because it told an interesting story , but the story as told in the movie felt like it was condensed from a much - longer story . Since the book is over 400 pages , that makes sense . It spans a time period from the 1920s to the 1970s , in a fictional South American country , also a lot to fit into the time available . I think it would have been much better as a six - hour mini - series than it turned out as a 140-minute movie.<br /><br />Even though it 's rushed , the story does n't skip so much that it gets confusing . What is told is told fairly well . One fault is that Clara 's supernatural powers appear inconsistently ; either they should have appeared more evenly through the course of the movie , or they should have been left out . Two more faults ( which could be spoilers ) : Esteban 's eventual return to goodness happens somewhat too suddenly , and Ferula 's curse seems to wear off , even though the tone of the story suggests that it should endure forever.<br /><br />The acting is excellent . Glenn Close , as the tormented spinster Ferula , is outstanding . Jeremy Irons , as the brutal self - made rich man , is also excellent . Meryl Streep , as the main character Clara , is great , although she 's often even better than she was in this movie . There were many well - performed smaller roles too . The biggest fault is that the movie seemed to lack a dialect coach ; each actor seemed to speak in a different sort of accent .
1 Brilliant adaptation of the novel that made famous the relatives of Chilean President Salvador Allende killed . In the environment of a large estate that arises from the ruins , becoming a force to abuse and exploitation of outrage , a luxury estate for the benefit of the upstart Esteban Trueba and his undeserved family , the brilliant Danish director Bille August recreates , in micro , which at the time would be the process leading to the greatest infamy of his story to the hardened Chilean nation , and whose main character would Augusto Pinochet ( Stephen similarities with it are inevitable : recall , as an example , that image of the senator with dark glasses that makes him the wink to the general to begin making the palace).<br /><br />Bille August attends an exceptional cast in the Jeremy protruding Irons , whose character changes from arrogance and extreme cruelty , the hard lesson that life always brings us to almost force us to change . In Esteban fully applies the law of resonance , with great wisdom , Solomon describes in these words:"The things that freckles are the same punishment that will serve you . " < br /><br />Unforgettable Glenn Close playing splint , the tainted sister of Stephen , whose sin , driven by loneliness , spiritual and platonic love was the wife of his cruel snowy brother . Meryl Streep also brilliant , a woman whose name came to him like a glove Clara . With telekinetic powers , cognitive and mediumistic , this hardened woman , loyal to his blunt , conservative husband , is an indicator of character and self - control that we wish for ourselves and for all human beings . < br /><br />Every character is a portrait of virtuosity ( as Blanca worthy rebel leader Pedro Segundo unhappy ... ) or a portrait of humiliation , like Stephen Jr. , the bastard child of Senator , who serves as an instrument for the return of the boomerang . < br /><br />The film moves the bowels , we recreated some facts that should not ever be repeated , but that absurdly still happen ( Colombia is a sad example ) and another reminder that , against all , life is wonderful because there are always people like Isabel Allende and immortalize just Bille August .
1 Could not understand why Jeremy Irons felt it necessary to exhibit a most disconcerting accent , spoken through clenched teeth , and from the back of his throat . In fact it rather spoiled the film for me , and distracted from what was probably a fine performance by him ( very irritating ) . No other actor or actress seemed to have such a pronounced accent and whilst I have always rated Jeremy Irons as a fine actor , I would not class this film as being one of his best . The film however has whetted my appetite , as have some of the other comments made re this film , which I have found very interesting , and intend to now read the book .
1 The photography of this bid - budget production is surprisingly bad . Colors are muddy and brownish and the photography has very 80ish look to it . Direction and editing are often quite uninspired and TV - movie like , too . * And * at first the movie only seems to want to torture its viewers with lurid images of sex and violence . Hans Zimmer 's score is also a typically simple and bland work of this overrated , untalented composer.<br /><br />But if you are willing to watch the movie further you are rewarded with a very moving family story , a sort of European version of Edna Ferber 's family epos Giant . While at first you wonder why Clara married this idiotic man , even his character gets more depth and more background one can judge him by . Clara delivers the movie 's spiritual lesson , a great and moving statement set against the terrible happenings in her country . Her daughter , whose lover is a young Antonio Banderas at the beginning of his international career , understands that lesson and ultimately tries to live by it . The way the plot was constructed with the ending mirroring the beginning was great . The actors all do a great job , too . I was wondering " Who is the actress playing Blanca ? " all the time , but of course , it was a really young Winona Ryder!<br /><br />All in all , this movie really made me want to read the book .
1 At first I did n't did n't like it that much , although I did . They did n't include the third Trueba generation , the love between Blanca and Pedro wans't well explained and some actors were too different from what I had imagined.<br /><br />Later I realized that , had the movie been more loyal to the book , it would have been like five hours long , and would be kind of tedious . Now I like it very much , because my favourite characters are there as I portraited them . Clara really looks like an Angel in live , and her introduction to the story at the beggining of the film was fantastic , loyal and short . Glenn Close is Ferula . I pictured her just like that , only not in mourning throughout the whole thing . Esteban is find enough . I never really liked his character , and , although I was interested in him , I hated him a lot , more specially when he hit Clara . As in the book , the very last part is the most exciting one , and it has real history too there.<br /><br />The movie is really good , specially considering that it was a gringo film based upon a latin american book . Its amazing how many famous stars are there , do n't you think so ?
1 This movie is an incredible piece of work . It explores every nook and cranny of the human mind , focusing on the characters relationships with the people around them . Stellar performances all around . This one had me weeping for about half an hour straight . Spend some real time with this one .
1 This is one of the few movies I watched twice in the theatre . I really love this movie for its atmosphere and its telling of the life of tragic hero Esteban Trueba . He makes so many mistakes but gets a chance for redemption . Is n't this a rather consoling thought?<br /><br />When I watched it for the first time , I thought that after the won election , the movie would be over - I did n't know the book . So boy was I wrong when the dramatic climax was still to come ! I was literally swept away by the sheer power of the last half hour of the film.<br /><br />Many people here utterly dislike this movie . I can not understand that one single bit . Maybe those who read the book first are - as often with screen adaptations of novels - simply disappointed that so many things have remained untold , unseen , unexplained . But as a movie telling a touching story - the story of a family , the rise and fall of a man , the deep compassion of a woman , the strength of love and the insanity of hate ( and conservatism ) - this movie is simply splendid ! Furthermore , the soundtrack is incredibly good and the cast is wonderful as well - especially Winona Ryder and Jeremy Irons.<br /><br />So definitely one of those films that cinema was invented for !
1 Maybe it 's because I saw the movie before reading the book , but I really love this movie . I 've seen it many many times and will be watching it many times more . It 's a compelling story , that 's interesting from the beginning to the end . It has everything : action , romance etc .
1 well , i said it all in the summary , i simpley adore the movie and the cast ... i would give each actor an Oscar ... great , great movie ... i'm 25 now and i watched it 4 times in different periods and i always think i wo n't cry and i always do , about 2 or 3 times ... ; ) meryl s. was absolutely brilliant , jeremy irons also .. just brilliant ... i wish the movie received more awards ... i really do n't know anybody who watched it and did n't loved it ... also , glenn close was fantastic ... the story was beautiful and sad at the same time ... i loved the fact that despite everything clara and esteban loved each other so much , and how blanca was close to her parents ...
1 Perhaps the best Isabel Allende 's book , House of the Spirits describes an alternative chilean history , this one full of magic , a mystic veil , plus some kind of omnipresent sadness . This movie gathers a great cast , plus a great art direction , with a script that can not contain all this book 's quality . It 's unusual for a nearly unknown country like Chile to get so well represented as it is by this movie , whose perhaps only sin is to aim too high , and because of that left the illiterate public a little upset , mostly because they understood very little .
1 Can such an ambient production have failed its primary goal , which was to correctly adapt Allende 's novel ? Obviously yes . Bille August managed to make a superficial , shallow film where basic elements of South American mentality are presented simply as side events , resulting in total incoherency . I ca n't believe there was a whole production team that could not understand the book ! There is of course technical quality in this film and I think the actors did their best with what they had in their hands , but something is missing . And this something was the most important part .
1 I never heard of the book , nor care to read it , but the movie I will probably see many times.<br /><br />This film is unforgettable with perhaps the richest imagery I have ever seen in a movie . It was as if I was looking at paintings many times , which I think was the idea.<br /><br />Terrific movie , story , actors , and cinematography . Full of profound emotions from every angle . Although I am not particularly fond of romance movies , I loved this and was deeply moved by Winona Ryder 's plea to her father toward the end.<br /><br />Mr . Irons deserved an award for his performance and Close was never better.<br /><br / >
1 All this talk about this being a bad movie is nonsense . As a matter of fact this is the best movie I 've ever seen . It 's an excellent story and the actors in the movie are some of the best . I would not give criticism to any of the actors . That movie is the best and it will always stay that way .
1 I think it 's one of the greatest movies which are ever made , and I 've seen many ... The book is better , but it 's still a very good movie !
1 Rumour has it that around the time that ABBA  the multi - award winning Swedish disco favourites  's star had reached its zenith , the band grew disillusioned with singing in English and yearned to perform in their native tongue . Soon after , problems began to emerge in the onetime - wed locked - watertight partnership and recordings became less and less frequent . The band dissolved , albeit unofficially , in 1982 and pop lost one of its most celebrated artists . Although they have never admitted that there 's any truth in those rumours , the fact remains that ABBA would never have been so successful had they only recorded in their native tongue . If you want to appeal to the largest money - making media market in the entire world , then you must cater for English speaking audiences.<br /><br />It 's amazing for me how such a small island that 's located a stone - throw away from the European continent could have created perhaps the most recognised , although not most widely spoken , language in the world . Everyone speaks a little bit of English ; whether it be simply ' hello ' or a common swear word - you 'll find an English speaker almost everywhere . Pedro Galindo obviously did n't agree , because Trampa Infernal was never subtitled for global consumption until it was released recently on budget DVD . That 's a real shame , because it 's actually a decent slasher movie that 's a lot better than many of its English - speaking genre compatriots.<br /><br />The film launches in the somewhat unfamiliar territory of a pistol duel . Two unidentified characters are shown sneaking around a dilapidated complex searching out one another for the inevitable final showdown . After some suspense and a couple of near misses , one of the pistoleers emerges victoriously . Next we learn that they were only paintball guns and the two competitors are actually youngsters from the local town . Nacho and Mauricio are fiercest rivals and Mauricio is always trying to prove himself to be better than his soft - spoken opponent , but as of yet he has n't succeeded.<br /><br />Later that night , whilst the victorious gunslinger celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his buddy Charly , Mauricio enters the bar and says that he has one last challenge for his glorious nemesis . He says that this will be the competition that will prove to the town once and for all who deserves the uttermost respect . Nacho is at first reluctant because Alejandra warns him of the perils of continual competitiveness , but he eventually succumbs to the weight of peer pressure and agrees ; much to the distaste of his morally superior partner.<br /><br />They plan to head out to the remote region of Filo de Caballo , because recent press coverage has reported that numerous people have been butchered by what locals believe to be a vicious bear . Mauricio proposes that whoever murders the animal can be regarded as the greatest and he also promises that it will be the last battle that he wages against his adversary.<br /><br />After visiting the armoury to stock up on weapons and ignoring the warnings of the elderly store - keeper , the group set out to the remoteness of the secluded woodland . Hunters become hunted as they learn that the ' bear ' is actually a homicidal Vietnam vet who is still unaware that the war has ended and considers all humans as his enemy . What started as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival as they are stalked and slaughtered by the malevolent assassin.<br /><br />I picked up Trampa whilst studying in Madrid from a Mexican student who lived in the dorm room next - door to me . I remember that the copy I watched was faulty and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the final credits rolled , which meant I never got to see the final scenes . Thankfully I came across the budget DVD recently on Amazon and immediately added it to my collection . < br /><br />Gallindo 's slasher is a surprisingly good effort that excels from its skillful direction and enthusiastic plot , which attempts to cover areas not usually approached by slasher movies . It is in fact so good that it reminded me on more than one occasion of the Arnold Schwarzenegger classic Predator . This is especially evident in the scenes that show the creepily - masked assassin jogging through the forest and stalking the panic - stricken troupe as they struggle to escape the maniac 's playground.<br /><br />Despite Gallindo 's obvious awareness of genre platitudes ( the bogeyman even uses a claw - fingered glove a la Freddy Kruegar ) ; Trampa also attempts to add something different to the standard template . Whilst the majority of the runtime plays by the concrete rules of the category , the final third heralds a significant step in individuality as the maniac arms himself with a machine gun and entices the hero to his lair for the final showdown . From here on , the film rapidly swaps genres and becomes almost an action film , which depending on your taste will either excite or disappoint you . The last slasher that tried to crossbreed the two styles was that shoddy eighties entry ' The Majorettes ' , which is not necessarily a good thing.<br /><br />As is the case with many Latin films ( especially Spanish flicks by Almodovar and Amenabar ) , Trampa has a subtle undercurrent of a moral to its story , which is conveyed successfully without being rammed down the viewer 's throat . Over indulge in the temptations of competitive masculinity and you may not always be the winner . It 's a sugar - coated point , but it 's handled delicately enough not to detract from the fun of the feature.<br /><br />Trampa may be cheesy , but it deserves to be seen and recognised as one of the better late slashers . The killer looks great in creepy army fatigues and white Valentine - style mask and the attempts at originality just about work . It may lack the gore that most sincere horror fans enjoy , but it has enough in terms of suspense and creativity to warrant at least one viewing .
1 Talk about a blast opening , " Trampa Infernal " has the coolest opening credits ever ! Guided by musical tones that are perhaps slightly inspired by the legendary " Friday the 13th " theme ( Tsh - Tsh - Tsh - Ha - Ha - Ha ) , the names of the lead players appear on screen split up in giant syllables . Promising intro of a totally obscure Mexican slasher / backwoods survival thriller and it only becomes cooler with every minute that passes . Two extremely competitive and testosterone - overloaded paintball enemies challenge each other to the ultimate showdown in a sleazy bar . According to a newspaper article , there 's a savage bear loose in the nearby woods and it already killed multiple of the hunters that tried to catch it . The challenge includes that whoever kills the bear will be declared the ultimate macho hero with the biggest set of balls . Upon arrival , however , it quickly becomes obvious they 're not up against a bear but a bewildered and utterly maniacal war veteran with quite an arsenal of weapons in his hideout and numerous combat tricks up his sleeve . After a whole decade of tame and derivative American slashers , this early 90 's Mexican effort looks and feels very refreshing and vivid . The formula is simplistic but efficient , the lead characters are plausible enough and the building up towards the confrontations with the sadist killer is reasonably suspenseful . The maniac must have been a fan of Freddy Krueger and Michael Myers , as he also uses a self - made glove with sharp knives attached to it and a white mask to cover his face . The murders are pleasingly nasty and barbaric , which I was really hoping for since the awesome aforementioned opening sequences , and waste a whole lot of gratuitous blood . The forestry setting and particularly the camouflaged booby traps are joyously spectacular . " Trampa Internal " is a Mexican slasher / survival sleeper hit that comes warmly recommended to the fans of the genre .
1 I searched for this movie for years , apparently it ai n't available here in the States so bought me a copy off Ebay.<br /><br />Four young hunters and three of their girlfriends venture into the woods searching for a bear that apparently has killed several campers . What they find is an ex - Vietnam vet gone crazy ( he kills some of his victims using a glove with long metal finger nails a la Freddy Krueger ) . As soon as the night falls , one of the girls goes for a walk after a brief argument with her boyfriend , she gets killed . After one of the group finds her body , they all hide in their tents waiting for daylight . Once the sun comes up , all of them try and make it out , but fall victim one by one.<br /><br />Seven bodies , not a lot of gore , but a couple of good murders , especially the girls'deaths . The guys get killed in somewhat bloodless ways ( blown up in car , shot to death , knife through head ) . < br /><br />Overall , INFERNAL TRAP is a nice slasher film from the late 80 's . Nothing new , just well acted , fast paced and some pretty ladies . 10 out of 10 .
1 Four macho rough'n'tumble guys and three sexy gals venture into a remote woodland area to hunt for a bear . The motley coed group runs afoul of crazed Vietnam veteran Jesse ( an effectively creepy portrayal by Alberto Mejia Baron ) , who not surprisingly does n't take kindly to any strangers trespassing on his terrain . Director / co - writer Pedro Galindo III relates the gripping story at a steady pace , creates a good deal of nerve - rattling tension , and delivers a fair amount of graphic gore with the brutal murder set pieces ( a nasty throat slicing and a hand being blown off with a shotgun rate as the definite gruesome splatter highlights ) . The capable cast all give solid performances , with especially praiseworthy work by Pedro Fernandez as the nice , humane Nacho , Edith Gonzalez as the feisty Alejandra , Charly Valentino as the amiable Charly , and Tono Mauri as antagonistic jerk Mauricio . Better still , both yummy blonde Marisol Santacruz and lovely brunette Adriana Vega supply some tasty eye candy by wearing skimpy bathing suits . Antonio de Anda 's slick , agile cinematography , the breathtaking sylvan scenery , Pedro Plascencia 's robust , shuddery , stirring score , the well - developed characters , and the pleasingly tight'n'trim 76 minute running time further enhance the overall sound quality of this bang - up horror / action hybrid winner .
1 Seven young people go to the forest looking for a bear . Soon they are all stalked and viciously murdered by a crazy Vietnam veteran."Trampa Infernal " is a pretty entertaining Mexican slasher that reminds me a lot " The Zero Boys".The film is fast - paced and there are some good death scenes like throat slashing or axe in the neck . Unfortunately there is not much gore , so fans of grand - guignol will be disappointed . However if you are a fan of slasher movies give this rarity a look . Mexican horror flicks are quite obscure(I have seen only " Alucarda " and " Do n't Panic"),so this should be another reason to see this enjoyable slasher . My rating:7 out of 10.Highly recommended .
1 Tintin was one of my favorite heroes as a kid . I used to borrow the books from the school library every chance I got . My favorite one was " The Red Sea Sharks " - so much action and humor.<br /><br />This documentary was a brilliant exposition of the background story of Herge and his development of Tintin . The film - maker 's personal experience in interviewing Herge and the story of his relationship with the artist who was the inspiration for the Chan character was very moving.<br /><br />A great documentary of a very talented and well - loved artist . A great example of someone who has become internationally renown , and has brought joy of millions of children ( and the young at heart ) all over the world .
1 Imagine that I was about to miss this great cultural event on Swedish TV last night , and it was only because my girlfriend insisted on keeping the TV on ( to make it easier for her to fall asleep ! ) that I came across it ( yes I had seen an advert for it previously but of course forgotten about it and looked forward to an ' early night' ... ).<br /><br />Anyway - this must surely be a rather unusual idea - to base a film documentary on an interview made with sound only more than 30 years ago . But with animated and other documentary film material it adds up to a really good and insightful portrait of one of the 20th centuries ' most appreciated literary artists - Georges Remy a.k.a Hergé.<br /><br />I for sure will read my Tintin albums with a different eye after having seen this film , which makes it easier to connect the variations in style as well as content with the different periods in Hergé 's life ( and I can tell you that I will a.s.a.p get the few that I do n't have ) . Of course my perception of the albums has changed over the more than 25 years that I have already been reading them , as has my view about what albums are my favourites , but this adds ( at least ) one more dimension to them .
1 " Tintin and I " first of all struck me as a masterpiece documentary . The photography and the editing are truly breath - taking ( almost anti - Dogma).<br /><br />We follow the life of Tintin drawer Hergé through an open - hearted interview from 1971 . The Tintin series was drawn on the background of the great ideological fights of the twentieth century . In the midst of these Hergé has his own demons to fight with , and much of his drawing activity seems like an attempt to tame these and to escape into a world of perfection.<br /><br />Even though there are spectacular photographic panoramas of drawings from Tintin albums and also some reconstructions and reading of passages from the albums , the story of Hergé is told entirely through interviews and archive material , and never through reconstructions.<br /><br />Hergé lived the turbulent life of a true , suffering artist . But the fantastic world that came of his imagination will continue to amaze readers again and again .
1 If you as I have a very close and long relationship with the world of Tintin .... do yourself a favor and watch this beautiful documentary about Hergé and his life creating Tintin . I'ts so brilliant and a very cool production . The whole background story about Hergé and the people and also very much the many different situations he was influenced by , for good and worse is amazing . There is a very fine and obvious connection between the comic books and just this . I will for sure be in my basement digging up the Tintin albums again . Also , the movie itself are very well told and has a great ambient sound to it . I really do hope people will find this as intriguing as I did !
1 This is a brilliant documentary that follows the life of Herge and his creating TinTin . Its based around a series of interviews conducted in 1971 , and covers every thing from his early life and " Nazi collaboration " to the final moments of his life.<br /><br />Brilliantly edited , very cinematic and fast paced enough to not get boring . This film will give you a new appreciation for the work of Herge.<br /><br />The film makers make the film more than just another documentary . Using the latest state of the art technology and for a change putting it to good use.<br /><br />Recently more and more documentaries have been making it to cinemas . But this one as to be amongst the best ...
1 Some thirty years ago , Author Numa Sadoul published a book length interview with the Belgian comic book artist Georges Remi ( better known as Herge , the creator of Tintin ) . This movie catches up with Sadoul today as he recalls the interview , while we listen to the cassettes ( Herge died in 1983 ) and see some old photos and footage of the man himself . Some parts of the interview were not published in the book at the request of Herge , and we now know these dealt with his separation from his wife , after he had an affair with one of his collaborators ( who years later would become his second wife ) . An interesting thing the movie does not address well is the shift in the Tintin books from the early rightist and imperialist books ( Tintin in the Congo , Tintin in the lands of the Soviets ) to fairly anti - imperialist books just a few years later ( The Blue Lotus ) . On the whole , I come out of this movie knowing a few more things about Herge and seeing him as a bit more unlikable than when I come in to the theater .
1 Tintin and I recently aired as an episode of PBS 's P.O.V. series . It 's based on a taped interview of Georges Remi a.k.a . Herge , Tintin 's creator , from 1971 in which in discusses his various experiences publishing his popular character , first in a Catholic newspaper , then in his own series of comic books . Awesome sweeping views of various comic pages and surreal images of Herge 's dreams . I first encountered Tintin in the pages of Children 's Digest at my local elementary school library reading The Secrets of the Unicorn . My mom later got a subscription to CD and I read the entire Red Rackham 's Treasure every month in 1978 . I remember seeing some Tintin comic books in a local book store after that but for some reason I did n't get any probably because I was 12 and I thought I was outgrowing them . I do have Breaking Free , a book written and drawn by J. Daniels , published in 1989 , six years after Herge 's death . Have n't read it yet . This film also covers the artist 's personal life as when he left his first wife after his affair with a colorist in his employ ( whom he later married ) . Her name is Fanny and she is interviewed here . If you love Tintin and his creator , this film is definitely worth a look . Update : 9/4/07-I've now read Breaking Free . Tintin and The Captain are the only regular characters that appear here and they are tailored to the anti - capitalist views of Mr. Daniels with Tintin portrayed as a rabble rouser with a chip on his shoulder who nevertheless cares for The Captain who he 's staying with . The Captain here is just trying to make ends meet with a wife and daughter that he loves dearly . They and other construction workers vow to strike after a fellow employee dies from a faulty equipment accident . The whole thing takes place in England with working - class cockney accents intact . Not the kind of thing Herge would approve of but an interesting read nonetheless . Oh , yes , dog Snowy only appears in the top left corner of the cover ( which has Tintin running over the police ! ) and the dedication page .
1 This is a excellent start to the film career of Mickey Rooney . His talents here shows that a long career is ahead for him . The car and truck chase is exciting for the 1937 era . This start of the Andy Hardy series is an American treasure in my book . Spring Byington performance is excellent as usual . Please Mr Rooney or owners of the film rights , take a chance and get this produced on DVD . I think it would be a winner .
1 " A Family Affair " takes us back to a less complicated time in America . It 's sobering to see how different everything was back then . It was a more innocent era in our country and we watch a ' functional ' family dealing in things together . The film also marks the beginning of the series featuring the Hardy family.<br /><br />The film , directed by George Seitz , is based on a successful play . Judge James Hardy , and his wife Emmily , are facing a domestic crisis that must be dealt with . Married daughter Joan comes home after she has committed a social blunder and her husband holds her responsible . At the same time , another daughter , Marion , brings home a beau , who is clear will clash with her father . The happy teen ager Andy , seems to be the only one without a problem until his mother makes him escort Polly to the dance , something he is reluctant to do.<br /><br />Needless to say , Judge Hardy will prove why he knows best as he puts a plan into action to get everyone together again . After all , he is a man that understands , not only the law , but how to deal with those outside forces that threatens his standing in the community and what will make his family happy.<br /><br />Lionel Barrymore plays Judge Hardy with conviction . He is the glue that holds everything together . Spring Byington is seen as Emily , the mother . Mickey Rooney has a small part in this film , but he is as always , fun to watch . Cecilia Parker and Julie Haydon appeared as the daughters , Marion and Joan . Sara Hayden and Margaret Marquis are also featured in the film as Aunt Milly and Polly , the girl that surprises Andy with her beauty.<br /><br />"A Family Affair " is a good way to observe our past through the positive image painted of an American family .
1 Jane Austen 's Emma is an extremely enjoyable story at the worst of times and this production of the story is the best I have ever seen . Kake Beckinsale 's Emma is irreproachable . Gwyneth Paltrow , ( with the help of a good screenplay and excellent cinematography ) is able to bring out the comedy effectively , she fails to make Emma likeable . Paltrow is not aided by the fact that her hairstyles are simply ' wrong ' for the part ( and I believe the era ) and she looks positively ill in the empire line dresses . Kate Beckinsale , on the other hand , manages the comedy effortlessly and is still able to show what Mr Knightly ( the most romantic of Jane Austen 's heroes ) actually sees in her . Mark Strong is a splendid Mr Knightly with the right mix of handsome looks , an appropriate age , chivalry , compassion and gentlemanly behaviour . Emma and Mr Knightly are supported by a cast of good actors and the production as a whole is quite delightful .
1 This is a better adaptation of the book than the one with Paltrow ( although I liked that one , too ) . It is n't so much that Beckinsale is better -- they are both very good -- but that the screenplay is better . Davies is a master at adapting Austen for filming , and the production values here are very good . It 's not quite as glossy as the Hollywood treatment , but it 's close , and I thought that the locations and the costumes actually worked better .
1 Kate Beckinsale is excellent as the manipulative and yet irresistibly charming Emma in this TV - adaptation of Jane Austen´s novel . When I read that novel I was sometimes quite doubtful whether the protagonist really deserved to be considered the heroine of the story : for honestly , she is so terribly self - righteous and scheming that one is tempted to dislike her seriously . Kate Beckinsale´s interpretation , however , saves Emma from herself so to speak : she is portrayed with all the innocence and generosity of her character in full view , and one can´t help but give in and like ( not to say love ) her in spite of her less amiable qualities . Kate Beckinsale is the main , but not the only , reason why this TV - series is so delightful ; Raymond Coulthard is perfect as Mr. Frank Churchill , expressing this character´s personal magnetism to the full ( which is all the more conspicuous because of this role being not very well handled by Ewan McGregor in the 1996-screen adaptation of Emma ) , and Mark Strong , Samantha Morton , Bernard Hepton , and Olivia Williams are all as they should be in their respective roles . This production is , in short , a great achievement and one to view many times with increasing pleasure .
1 Of the spate of Austen films from the 1990s , this is my favorite , more even than " Persuasion , " which was the one that converted me to Austeniana . Before seeing this " Emma " I had seen two previous versions , but in one Emma seemed all wrong , more like Lady Teazle , and in the other she seemed half wrong , like a possible impostor , whereas here she seemed just right , young and silly and stubborn . In general I thought the attitude and the atmosphere of the production conveyed the charm of the novel exceedingly well ; indeed it is one of the sweetest , merriest things I have ever seen , rather in the nature of a Christmas treat . The script is unusually well formed , and the adapter 's additions , like the shaft of light that reveals Harriet to Emma in church , are all in keeping . Mark Strong as Knightley is not what I would have expected , but I enjoyed him very much : he strongly brings out the plain - spoken , practical side of the character , in contrast with Emma 's affectations , and his choleric outbursts against Frank Churchill are quite funny . Bernard Hepton makes Mr. Woodhouse a figure of almost Carrollian absurdity ; Samantha Morton as Emma 's protégé is exactly as soft and exactly as firm as she ought to be . And as in the same producers ' " Pride and Prejudice , " care is taken that the eventual couplings of characters can be believed -- uniquely in some cases . For me this production was and remains a delight .
1 I 've seen this movie after watching Paltrow 's version . I 've found that one a very good one , and I thought this would not be as good ... but I was wrong : British version was far better and enjoyable ! I found Jeremy Northam more " agreeable " than Mark Strong , but I can say that Strong catches much better Austen 's Knightley . Anyway , both versions are good , but anyone that loved Austen 's books , should watch this movie . I agree with * caalling * : Andrew Davies changed a few things , but still remains faithful to the original.<br /><br />10 out of 10<br /><br />My 2 cents !
1 This has long been one of my favourite adaptations of an Austen novel . Although it is definitely not in the same category as the spectacular " Pride and Prejudice , " " Emma " is a lush and relatively faithful TV version of Austen 's novel -- especially considering its short length . The biggest change between the novel and the movie is a good one , as the unnecessary snobbishness that Austen exhibits at the end of the story is removed here and replaced with someone much more akin to Emma 's character in the rest of the book . I thought the characters chosen to portray the roles were well - picked . Kate Beckinsale walks the fine line between girlishness and the social snob with a grace completely lost in Gwyneth Paltrow 's ' 96 version . Samantha Morton 's wispy blonde locks suit her attitude and character as the simper that accompanies her role in previous characterisations is replaced with the Harriet we know from the book . Mister Knightly 's role is carried out extremely well in my opinion ; both the seriousness and the gentle compassion that the hero is painted with in the novel are present here in this much - neglected , sumptuous film .
1 I 've really enjoyed this adaptation of " Emma".I have seen it many times and am always looking forward to seeing it again . Though it only lasts 107 minutes , most of the novel plot and sub - plots were developed in a satisfactory way . All the characters are well - portrayed . Most of the dialogues come directly from the novel with no silly jokes added as in Emma Thompson 's Sense and Sensibility.<br /><br />As a foreigner , I particularly appreciate the perfect diction of the actors . The setting and costumes were beautiful . I find this version quite on a par with the 1995 miniseries " Pride and Prejudice " but then the producer and screenwriter were the same . Kate Beckinsale did a really good job portraying " Emma " of whom Jane Austen said she would create a heroin no - one but her would love . She is snobbish but has just enough youth and inexperience to be still likable . Mark Strong was also very good at portraying Mr Knightley , not an easy part , I think , though he has not the charisma shown by Colin Firth 's Mr Darcy in Pride and Prejudice . Even the end scene ( the harvest festival ) which does not happen in the novel provides a fitting end except for when it shows Emma being cold and almost unpleasant with Frank Churchill whereas in the novel she was thoroughly reconciled with him , even telling him that she would have enjoyed the duplicity , had she been in his situation . A strange departure from the faithfulness otherwise shown throughout the film . I find the costumes more beautiful and elaborate than in other adaptations from Jane Austen 's novels .
1 It has taken me a while to watch this version as unfortunately I do n't seem to be able to rent it in the video store , only the other version but I fell in love with it . I was always borderline with the other Emma . Gwenneth and Toni Collette , as they are not British naturally have to put on the accent , and well to me it does n't seem natural . It seems put on . Sorry but do n't think Toni and Gwenneth did a brilliant job there . I could not warm to any of the characters , but this version is more heart warming and more the type of person I imagined Emma to be . It is definitely the version I will come back to from now on . I was disappointed that Mr Knightley was not better looking , but he is convincing . I also like Jane Fairfax better ( played by Olivia Williams ) . I never warmed to her in the movie version , but she is better portrayed in this version . Come to think of it , ( besides Mr Knightley ) all characters are better played , and a lot less over the top . Unfortunately both came out around same time and the Paltrow version got more publicity . Pity ...... I also love the new scene at the end . Well done to Kate Beckingsale ! Therefore , if you are a Jane Austen fan , do n't forget to watch this one .
1 Kate Beckinsale steals the show ! Bravo ! Too bad Knightly ins't as good looking as Jeremy Northam . Mark Strong did a fabulous job . Bernard Hepton was perfect as Emmas father . I love the end scene ( which is an addition to the novel - but well written ) when the harvest is in and Knightly dines with his workers and high society friends . Emma must show that she accepts this now . She is a changed woman . That is too much too quick , but OK . I 'll buy into it . Samantha Bond plays Emma 's ex - governess and confidant . She is wonderful . just as I would have imagined her . I believe that when the UK does a Jane Austen its the best . American versions of English literature are done for money and not for quality . See this one !
1 Old Jane 's mannered tale seems very popular these days . I have lost count of the number of versions going around . Probably the reason is that her " ruts " are our " ruts " even at this late date . This TV mini - series gives it a mannered telling suitable to the novel . Headstrong , opinionated Emma is a pretty " modern " girl when you think about it , even though the ambience of Jane Austen 's world may seem a tad artificial to us today . If you have n't seem EMMA , I 'll only say that self - sufficient Emma does get her comeuppance . It 's worth watching to find out how . The acting honours here go to the ladies : Kate , Prunella , Lucy and Samantha . They could almost have had a psychic connection to old Jane !
1 Until the 1990s there had never been a film based upon Jane Austen 's " Emma " . Then two came along in the same year , 1996 . Or , if you count 1995 's " Clueless " , which updates Austen 's plot to a modern American high school , three in two years . < br /><br />The main character is Emma Woodhouse , a young lady from a well - to - do family in Regency England . She is , financially , considerably better off than most Austen heroines such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price , and has no need to find herself a wealthy husband . Instead , her main preoccupation seems to be finding husbands for her friends . She persuades her friend Harriet to turn down a proposal of marriage from a young farmer , Robert Martin , believing that Harriet should be setting her sights on the ambitious clergyman Mr Elton . This scheme goes disastrously wrong , however , as Elton has no interest in Harriet , but has fallen in love with Emma herself . The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes one wonder just why she was so keen to match her friend with a man she regards ( with good reason ) as an unsuitable marriage partner for herself . This being a Jane Austen plot , Emma turns out to be less of a committed spinster than she seems , and she too finds herself falling in love , leading to further complications . < br /><br />Today in 2008 Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star , but in 1996 , despite being only a year younger , was not nearly as well - known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow . She is , however , just as convincing as Austen 's well - intentioned but often wrong - headed heroine . Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classical roles- she made a delightful Hero in Kenneth Branagh 's version of " Much Ado about Nothing"- and I sometimes find myself wishing that Hollywood could have found more suitable roles for her rather than wasting her in turkeys like " Pearl Harbor " or " Underworld " . < br /><br />I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as Emma 's love interest Mr Knightley , largely because he came closer to my own conception of the character as a gentlemanly , chivalrous older man , in some ways more of a father - figure to Emma than a lover . ( His surname is probably meant to indicate his gentlemanly nature- nineteenth - century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of mediaeval knights with their elaborate codes of chivalry ) . Strong tends to downplay the question of the age difference ( he is 37 , she 21 ) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a wise mentor than does Northam . Samantha Morton ( another actress who would go on to bigger things ) is perhaps closer to the Harriet of the novel than was Toni Collette.<br /><br />This was the more small - scale of the two versions , being made for television rather than the cinema , and the sets and costumes seem less lavish and there are fewer big names among the cast . Costume drama , however , is generally something that British television does well , and this version can certainly hold its own with the cinema version ; both are entertaining and well - made versions of Austen 's novel . 7/10
1 i really loved this version of Emma the best . Kate beckinsale was awesome as Emma and mark strong was very good as knightly . the only complaint that i had was on Mr. woodhouse .. i ca n't believe that a man could whine so much or be so selfish with his daughter 's life .. she was a smart girl in the end though . as always , i love the places in which these Jane Austin movies were shot . the settings are so spectular . it makes me want to visit england so much 9as well as Ireland and Scotland ) i think the actors chosen for this movie were a good choice as well and all the other story lines interwhined with Emma 's most excellently ! i am glad that i got to see this one as well .
1 The minute I started watching this I realised that I was watching a quality production so I was not surprised to find that the screenplay was written by Andrew Davis and was produced by Sue Birtwhistle both of these brought us the excellent 1995 production of Pride and Prejudice ! So my only gripe here is that Emma did not run to 3 or 4 or maybe even six episodes like Pride and Prejudice . The acting was superb with I think Prunella scales excellent as Miss Bates but I loved Kate Beckinsale and Mark Strong just as much . The language is a delight to listen to , can you imagine in this day and age having a right go at someone without actually uttering a swear word ? Samantha Morton was excellent as Miss Smith in fact the casting was spot on much as it was with Pride and Prejudice . I liked it so much that I watched it twice in two days ! ! So once again thank you BBC for another quality piece of television . I have seen the Paltrow version and it is okay but I do think the BBC version is far superior . An excellent production that I am very happy to own on DVD ! ! !
1 This is the best Emma in existence in my opinion . Having seen the other version ( 1996 ) which is also good , and read the book , I think I can safely say with confidence that this is the true interpretation and is the most faithful to Jane Austen 's masterpiece . The 1996 movie with G. Paltrow is good too , it 's just that it 's almost like a different story altogether . It 's very light and fluffy , you do n't see the darker edges of the characters and if you just want a pleasant movie , that one would do fine but the intricacies of some of the plot points , such as the Churchill / Fairfax entanglement is so much glossed over as to be virtually non - existent . But if you want the characters fleshed out a bit , more real and multidimensional , the 1996 TV version is the superior . Emma is a remarkable person , but she is flawed . Kate Beckinsale is masterful at showing the little quirks of the character . You see her look casually disgusted at some of the more simple conversation of Harriet Smith , yet she shows no remorse for having ruined Harriet 's proposal until that action has the effect of ruining her own marital happiness at the ending . You see her narcissism and it mirrors Frank Churchill 's in that they would do harm to others to achieve their own aims . For Emma , it was playing matchmaker and having a new friend to while away the time with after having suffered the loss of her governess to marriage . For Frank Churchill , it is securing the promise of the woman he loves while treating her and others abominably to keep the secret . In the book , she realizes all of this in a crushing awakening to all the blunders she has made . Both Kate Beckinsale and Gyneth Paltrow are convincing in their remorse but Paltrow 's is more childlike and stagnant while Beckinsale 's awakening is rather real and serious and you see the transition from child - like , selfish behavior to kind and thoughtful adult . Both versions are very good but I prefer this one .
1 As winter approaches , our state - owned broadcaster , the ABC , has decided for some reason to have a partial Jane Austen Festival on Sunday nights . This commenced with a twelve - year old movie length version of " Emma " last Sunday ; more recent versions of three other novels , " Persuasion " , " Northanger Abbey " and " Mansfield Park " are to come.<br /><br />The curious thing about this production by A&E Television Networks , with script by the ever - reliable Andrew Davies , is that it appeared almost simultaneously with two much bigger budget movie versions , one starring Gwyneth Paltrow , and " Clueless " , a " modernized " version , starring Alicia Silverstone , which transported the plot to Beverly Hills . Perhaps as a result , even with Kate Beckinsale in the lead , this production sank without trace.<br /><br />As a general rule , much is lost when novels are shrunk to fit feature movie length . The adaptations one tends to both enjoy and remember are those which have adequate room to develop both story and characters . An outstanding example is " Brideshead Revisited " which had 13 50-minute episodes back in 1982 . You only have to compare the very ordinary movie - length version of " Pride and Prejudice " in 2005 with the brilliant 1995 six - part TV mini - series . It 's not that a novel should be filmed page by page , and some novels ( often not very good ones ) adapt wonderfully to film ( " Atonement " is a recent example ) , but novels of the Jane Austen sort need some time and space to exert their full charm.<br /><br />Given the shortcomings of this type of adaptation , this production is OK . Kate Beckinsale gives Emma the right mix of self - assuredness and vulnerability and Mark Strong is a forthright Mr Knightly ( he reminded me that Jane tended to recycle characters  Knightly is a more articulate version of the moody Mr Darcy of P&P ) . Samantha Morton was a rather limp Harriet but Prunella Scales got the blabbermouth Miss Bates perfectly  Sybil Fawlty on speed . Bernard Hepton as Emma 's feeble father was also excellent . We saw the damp countryside , the mud and the poverty as well as the posh interiors , in case anyone thought this was a particularly idyllic age for everybody.<br /><br />Even though this was a condensed adaptation it was oddly slow in places  some of the conversations were rather stilted , even allowing for the formalities of the times . I 'd have to look at the film again to be sure , but it might be due to the under - use of reaction shots.<br /><br />If you do like filmed period stuff this is a perfectly nice example , and compares well with the Paltrow version . Anyway , there is more to come !
1 Kate Beckinsale is as good if not better than Gwyneth Paltrow as Emma in this movie , although I really liked Gwyneth Paltrow in the other Emma version . They 're both good in different ways . Kate Beckinsale as Emma seems more interesting , almost , though . And I liked the woman who played Harriet Smith in this movie better , too ... she was more believably sweet and sentimental . There are certain things I like better about the Gwyneth Paltrow version , though , like how the humorous side is more apparent .
1 I consider this movie a masterpiece , but it took me at least 4 o 5 times to see it , so as to realize what a great movie it was . First , it describes a face of WW2 that we do n't usually see in Hollywood movies . In particular , German soldiers , army and the Nazi government are shown more " humanized " . One of the facts that impressed me most was the mention , by the end of the movie , of a murder that took place in a forest in the last 20 's ... that forest is the place where the final chapters of Berlin Alexanderplatz take place : those are the woods where Reinhold kills Mieze . Another clue for those who like the details , is the representation of doors . Fassbinder is obsessed with the changes in people each time they walk across a door , or a door is opened . Many doors are shown in the screen , opened and closed . And the characters change in their personality , their acts , etc any time that happens . Have you noticed that ?
1 Many critics have felt offended that R.W. Fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this movie in a human - like manner . Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films , however , will realize that " Lili Marleen " ( 1981 ) belongs to Fassbinder 's " women movies " like " The Marriage of Maria Braun " ( 1979 ) and " Lola " ( 1981 ) . Fassbinder was convinced that " stories can be told much better with women than with men " , because , according to Fassbinder , while men usually fulfill their determined roles in society , " women are capable of thinking in a dialectic manner " . Dialectics , however , means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis like usually in our black - and - white world , but a synthesis where the oppositions coincide . Moreover , dialectic means that because of the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished . Concretely speaking : Starting from a dialect point of view and portraying the fascist state , the underground fighters must necessarily use the basic means like the rulers do , and between offenders and victims there is thus a chiastic relation , so that every offender is also victim and every victim is also offender . Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme , that transcends classical logic , in his play " The City , the Garbage and the Death " ( 1975 ) which was filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title " Shadow of Angels " ( 1976).<br /><br />Therefore , approaching an a priori controversial topic like Nazi Germany , in a dialectic manner , the depiction of this time in the form of a movie gets even more controversial , especially for people who can not or do not want to see that our recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light - switch schema , but needs the third instance of synthesis as controlling instance of its opposite members thesis and antithesis . The mutual relationship between offenders and victims has to scrutinized , since it is simply not true that the offenders are the bad ones and the victims the good ones . In a synthetic viewpoint , the bad ones participate on the goodness as the good ones participate on the badness . They are mutually related . In a world - view based on classical logic , a relation between good and bad can not even been established , and in an ethics based on this insufficient system of logic , the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany , feeling ( illogically enough ) responsible for the deeds of their ancestors , exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form a new evaluation based on this relationship as well . From Fassbinder 's dialectic viewpoint , it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their " misuse " of the ruling system for their private purposes , because they do n't misuse them , they just use them . In the opposite , since victims must repeat the actions of the offenders as the offenders must repeat the actions of the victims , because " good " and " bad " are no longer simple mirror images of one another like in two - valued logic , their strategies are legitimated by the chiastic structure of a logic that describes our world , that is not black and white at all , much better than a black - and - white logic .
1 If you are the sort of person looking for a realistic film or one with a strong and believable plot , then this film is NOT for you . Nope -- you'll hate it . However , for those who like sweet , slightly screwball comedies , then you 'll have a nice time watching this slight film.<br /><br />Tony Randall works for the IRS and he investigates a very nice farmer who never realized he needed to file an income tax return . However hard he tries to convince them of the seriousness of his visit , everyone in the family is thrilled to have company . They dote on him and treat him like one of the family, ... and have plans on getting him hitched to their daughter , Debbie Reynolds . That 's really about all the plot there is . But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting . A really nice little curio from the late 1950s .
1 Excellent farce ! Which , of course , is all it is intended to be . Thankfully there is neither a social or political message , nor is there the slightest attempt in that direction . Could the plot actually take , or have taken place in any particular time or location ? Unlikely , for , after all , this is simply , merely , a movie , and movies spring from imagination , not from reality . The only goal of this movie is to entertain , certainly not to educate , and entertain it does , with reality delightfully and lightheartedly tossed to the winds . I think most would agree that from documentaries we expect enlightenment and authenticity . But for entertainment I want what is nowadays described as a " no - brainer , " which The Mating Game is in all respects . For a few chuckles and an outright laugh now and then , this is fine fare fantasy .
1 I have always liked this comedy as one of the few ever seriously trying to deal with the U.S. Government 's yearly demand for taxes . Ever read a tax code ? : it is quite a trial to follow it 's multiple clauses that our congressmen and senators push in to help their financial backers and various interest groups . Despite claims that it is fair , the tax code has always laid the lion share of the burden on the middle and working classes rather than the rich and influential . Most of the various special clauses are meant for their use - go through the average 1040 or 1040A form and look at the variety of different investment and business ventures all of which have a different set of rules . Most people will never have any use for these.<br /><br />The story here is that a wealthy landowner ( Philip Ober ) uses his influence to tip off the IRS that his neighbors ( Paul Douglas and Una Merkle ) have not payed taxes in 20 years . The Baltimore office of the IRS is under Fred Clarke , and he is snapping to attention for Ober with his influence . He sends Tony Randall to check out the situation.<br /><br />Randall finds that Douglas , Merkle , and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people , who rarely have need for cash ( they get along on their farm produce and barter with their neighbors ) . But Randall , trained in the clear ( to the IRS ) lines of the tax code tries to pin down the family to fundamentals . But gradually Douglas notes that Reynolds is fond of Randall , and he keeps sidetracking Randall from his chore , eventually getting him drunk . He also makes it difficult for Randall to leave by having the motor of his car removed " for repairs " by his two sons.<br /><br />The plot follows the growing attraction and frictions between urban , vaguely ambitious Randall , and countryside , life loving Reynolds . They make a cute couple actually . Eventually , after Ober complains , Randall is sent back in disgrace and Clarke ( a tougher cookie ) gets down to brass tacks . And comes up with a very large tax bill , that will possibly ruin Douglas 's family.<br /><br />The film does not end there - it does end happily , but it does remind us that the power to tax is the power to destroy , and that the Government does , all too frequently , go in for destruction . A chance in a million reversal saves the family , but it is so rare that we know it is just a dramatic trick . More realistic is how Clarke 's boss , ( Charles Lane ) cuts to the essence regarding Ober 's " help " by suggesting that next year his taxes will be looked at more carefully . After that Ober is rather green .
1 Mating Game is a charming , wonderful movie from an era gone by . Hollywood needs to consider a charming remake of this movie . My wife and I would go see it.<br /><br />It is an excellent romantic comedy that my wife and I watched on AMC.<br /><br />This movie has Tony Randall at his best . Debbie Reynolds is great , as always . < br /><br />Loved it . We plan on ordering on DVD to add to our growing collection of movies.<br /><br />Too bad Hollywood does not make movies like this anymore.<br /><br />Hey Hollywood .... time to dig some of these type of scripts out of the old safe , update them a bit ( without spoiling the original movie and script as you have done with other remakes ) , and hold a casting call.<br /><br />A remake would be a big hit on the silver screen , DVD , and on cable / SATTV.<br /><br />SN Austin , TX
1 I saw this movie in 1959 when I was 11 years old at a drive - in theater with my family.<br /><br />Way back then , I thought it was very funny . . . even though I was too young to understand 90 % of what makes this marvelous movie such a delight ! I saw it again this morning on " Turner South " . As I watched it , I was absolutely convulsed with laughter ! " The Mating Game " is a unique classic from a by - gone age . If you 're too young to have experienced the enchanting period in history that produced this film , I feel very sorry for you . There 's no way you can watch movies like this and understand how they can ( even today ) deliver such a delightful slice of heaven to " old timers " like me.<br /><br />Having said that , all I can do is respectfully request that younger people refrain from commenting on films like " The Mating Game".<br /><br />Movies like this were made for the generation that preceded the current group of your people . And as such , these films speak a very different language than any of you can understand.<br /><br />In other words  if you do n't understand the issues the film is addressing , please do n't embarrass yourself by offering comments which  frankly  make no sense .
1 " The Incredible Melting Man " is a fantastically gross , trashy and energetic Z - grade production that every self - respecting camp - horror freak simply has to see for him / herself ! The ideal way to describe this low - budget 70 's gem is like a shameless copy of Hammer 's " The Quatermass Xperiment " ... only a thousand times filthier ! Astronaust Steve West is the only survivor of a disastrous space - mission , but turns out the carrier of a horrible disease that makes him radioactive and ... causes him to melt ! In shock after seeing his face in the mirror ( can you blame him ? ) , Steve busts out of the hospital , leaving a trail of sticky pus and fallen off body parts behind . Doctor Ted Nelson has to find him urgently , as the disease also set Steve up with an insatiable appetite for human flesh . The premise may sound utterly stupid but this flick is enormously entertaining and contains great make - up effects from the hand of Rick Baker . The melting dude 's face looks like a rotting pizza and his heavy breathing makes him sound like Darth Vader ! Another big advantage is that William Sachs ' screenplay does n't waste any time on tedious scientific explanations or emotional speeches . The repulsiveness starts right away and lasts until the very last moment of the film . Just enjoy this silly horror gem and try to switch off your brain activity as much as you can because , if you start contemplating about the many stupidities in the script , you 'll miss out on all the campy fun !
1 First off , anyone looking for meaningful " outcome oriented " cinema that packs some sort of social message with meaningful performances and soul searching dialog spoken by dedicated , emotive , heartfelt thespians , please leave now . You are wasting your time and life is short , go see the new Brangelina Jolie movie , have a good cry , go out & buy a hybrid car or throw away your conflict diamonds if that will make you feel better , and leave us alone.<br /><br />Don't let the door hit you on the way out either . THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a grade B minus regional horror epic shot in the wastelands of Oklahoma by a young , TV friendly cast & crew , and concerns itself with an astronaut who is exposed to bizarre radiation effects , wakes up in a hospital , and finds that his body is liquefying on him as he sits there feeling like a chump . The melting man is played by one Alex Rebar , who is recognizable for about the first four minutes of the film . But once he starts oozin ' with Rick Baker 's extraordinary special effects makeup he more resembles something you might find in a tin of spam before you drain off all the runny , viscous blebs of grease.<br /><br />The film has zero exposition and does not bandy about with plot points : There are a couple of scenes involving scientist types riding around on an absurd industrial conveyor machine who dutifully recite a few obligatory lines about the effects of radiation but the movie does not care , really . It 's a freak show and a marvelous one at that with a decidedly sick sense of humor for those who can stomach it -- One great laugh comes when the melting man stumbles upon a young girl in the forest and is so at a loss for what to do that one of his eyes pops out . Hilarious.<br /><br />The " hero " of the film is played by Burr DeBenning , a fascinating character actor from the golden 1970s & 80s television scene who was sort of an early model for the Kevin Spacey prototype ; slightly twisted , neurotic , and one step ahead of most everyone in the room even if he looks confused . He appeared just after this movie was made in a bizarre made for TV anthology horror piece called HOUSE OF THE DEAD ( or THE ALIEN ZONE ) that is regarded as one of the finest movies ever made in Oklahoma , which is where I suspect this film was made as well . The arid , cold looking rural midwestern landscapes are certainly the same , and the creek that one unfortunate fly fisher chooses for his afternoon of sport appears to be the same one that Cameron Mitchell fought off flying alien pancakes in WITHOUT WARNING ... which also had a sick sense of humor , a TV friendly cast , and some pretty outrageous gore . I definitely sense at least an aesthetic connection between the three movies , as well as THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS which is of no surprise considering that director Jonathan Demme is a part of MELTING MAN 's cast.<br /><br />Essentially , as others have pointed out , this is a 1950s B movie plot updated for later 1970s era special effects & the inevitable boobs . The movie it probably borrows most of it 's ideas from is PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that set him off on a killing spree . One of the things that I actually admire about the film is that absolutely no regard is given for the melting man 's motivations : He simply goes on a rampage and the movie 's drama comes from wondering if he 's going to fall to pieces before certain characters fall victim to his madness . The budget for the film is also delightfully low and every dime spent on it is up there on the screen , Rick Baker 's disgusting effects getting the lion 's share of whatever was spent on this.<br /><br />Sick , disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and plenty of beer . Why ca n't people have made more movies like these ? < br /><br />8/10
1 Astronaut Steve West ( Alex Rebar ) and his comrades undertake a space mission that sees them flying through the rings of Saturn . His comrades are killed instantly , but it would seem that they are in fact the lucky ones . Steve returns to Earth a constantly oozing mass of humanoid pulp ; as he turns into a savage killer , melting every step of the way , he is tracked by his friend , Dr. Ted Nelson ( Burr DeBenning).<br /><br />This is often so uproariously funny - with enough absurd lines and situations to go around - that it 's hard for me to believe that the laughs are all unintentional . It seems to me to be kind of a goof on low - budget genre efforts from the ' 50 's and 60 's , and as such , it 's a marvelously entertaining movie . That sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious . We 're even treated to a split screen sequence that does n't really add anything , but is still a gas to watch.<br /><br />Writer / director William Sachs deserves credit for coming up with this ingenious idea ; his ultra - slimy character is a memorable one indeed . I think his pacing is a little off ; some scenes ( like the one with the elderly couple ) go on a little long , but ultimately he delivers solid , schlocky , B - movie goods with a degree of panache . The climax is especially fun.<br /><br />Arlon Obers ' music is enjoyably shuddery ( yet also amusingly silly during some moments ) , and Willy Curtis 's cinematography creates some really great shots at times . That brings me to Rick Bakers ' fantastic and convincing makeup effects , which form a highly respectable centerpiece for the movie , right down to the ultimate final melt.<br /><br />Rebar is under the heavy makeup for almost the entire movie ( Sachs also gets my praise for having the movie hit the ground running ) and does what he has to do well enough . DeBenning makes for a rather oafish and silly hero , and Ann Sweeney is n't so hot either as his wife , but Myron Healey , Michael Alldredge , and Lisle Wilson are fine in support . It 's also worth it to see folk like Cheryl " Rainbeaux " Smith ( doing an appreciable topless shot ) , Janus Blythe ( of Tobe Hoopers ' " Eaten Alive " and Wes Cravens ' " The Hills Have Eyes " ) , and even director Jonathan Demme in a bit part.<br /><br />This is a highly entertaining midnight movie with enough gore , chills , and laughs to rate it as worth catching for lovers of low - grade sci - fi / horror everywhere.<br /><br />8/10
1 As a collector of movie memorabilia , I had to buy the movie poster for this film which , now that I 've finally seen it , has to be the best thing about it . There 's nothing more attractive to hang on your wall than a 27x41 inch image of the melting man . However , there 's nothing more awful to put in your VCR than an hour and a half long image of the melting man . At first I thought this movie was pure garbage but then I realized that it did have some qualities which made me laugh . The character of Dr. Ted Nelson has to be the most wishy - washy persona ever brought to the big screen . His dialogue is so trite it 's unbelievable ! ( " It 's incredible ! He seems to be getting stronger as he melts!)<br /><br />And could somebody tell me please how the heck they know exactly how much time Steve has left before he melts completely and exactly what their plan is to " help " him ? If this movie was meant to scare its audience , I think it missed its calling .
1 Thanks to this fungal film I do NOT want my Maypo , ca n't stomach the thought of Maltex or Wheatena , and even that granola over there does n't look so innocent anymore ! Why was n't the song " Slop Time " , by the Sherrys , used as the theme ?
1 THE MELTING MAN ... a tragic victim of the space race , he perished MELTING ... never comprehending the race had LONG GONE BY ... !<br /><br />A man ( Burr DeBenning ) burns his hand on the kitchen stove . But instead of screaming something a NORMAL person would scream , he shouts something that sounds like " AAAAATCH - KAH ! ! " This movie you 've popped in ... isn't a normal movie . You 've just taken your first step into THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN , the famous late-70 's gore film featuring Rick Baker 's wonderful makeup effects . Baker was just on the edge of becoming a superstar , and did this at the same time as his famous " cantina aliens " in STAR WARS . For some strange reason , STAR WARS became a household name , and INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN did not . < br /><br />It might have something to do with the fact that this movie is just mind - numbingly awful . From the opening credits ( " Starring Alex Rebar as THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN" ... that 's really what it says ! ) , to the chubby nurse running through a glass door , to the fisherman 's head going over a waterfall and smashing graphically apart on some rocks , this film provides many , many moments of sheer incomprehensibility . " Why did they ... but how come he ... why are they ... ? " After a while , you give up wondering why and watch it as what it is -- a very entertaining piece of garbage.<br /><br />An astronaut returns to Earth in a melting , radioactive condition ; he escapes and , his mind disintegrating as well as his body , begins a mad melting killing spree . The authorities quickly decide that the melting man must be stopped , but ( probably not wanting to " cause a panic " ) want him captured as quietly as possible . So they send one guy with a geiger counter after him . Wow.<br /><br />Storywise , surprisingly little happens during the movie . The melting guy wanders around killing people . A doctor searches for him with a geiger counter . Various characters are introduced , ask questions , and leave . Eventually the doctor catches up with the melting man , but is shot by a security guard for no reason , after he explains that he 's " Dr. Ted Nelson . " The melting man wanders off and finally dissolves into a big puddle of goo . The End.<br /><br />It 's so brainless that it somehow ends up being a lot of fun , despite a fairly downbeat ending . Supposedly , a widescreen DVD release is planned . A very special movie .
1 To me there is something so appealing and nostalgic about low - budget sci - fi . As a kid in the 50s that s all there was . In 1957 I saw " The First Man Into Space " in a movie theater with my Dad . It had Marshall Thompson starring and some other poor slob who got the title role . It is also about a space mission gone bad where the astronaut turns into a grizzly killer . Scared the Good & Plenty right out of me . The memory of those heebie - jeebies still lives within me . The Incredible Melting Man is almost a re - make only in full glorious color ... that is wherever the scenes were well - lit . Just got ta love it for what it is ...... a little over an hour of darkly lit scenes , disgusting noises , and that eerie music . Bravo !
1 I must admit I 'm a little surprised and disappointed at some of the very negative comments this film seems to provoke . I think its a great horror / sci fi film . Colonel Steve West ( Alex Rebar ) returns to Earth after an historical space flight to Saturn . While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease . He wakes up in a hospital bed , he looks in a mirror and before his very eyes his face is melting ! Escaping the hospitals supervision , he hides out in some local woods surrounding a small town . Unfortunately he starts to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people . He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive ! Stalking human prey he begins his reign of terror ! Its up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson ( Burr DeBenning ) to find him and try and help him . He has to work alone as his boss General Perry ( Myron Healey ) wants it kept ultra quiet . Nelson ca n't even tell his wife Judy ( Ann Sweeny ) . However , Sheriff Blake ( Micheal Alldredge ) becomes suspicious as General Perry turns up just as some of the local townspeople start turning up half eaten . I do n't really understand why this film gets such negative reviews , what do people expect ? Anyway , I really like this film . The star of the film are unquestionably Rick Bakers Special Make - up and gore effects which for the most part are excellent , and the fact their all prosthetic effects and no rubbish horrible CGI makes them even better . Writer and Director William Sachs is n't afraid to use them either , we get some nice long lingering close up shots of the incredible melting man and they hold up very well , even now . Photography , music and direction are a little bit dull , but professional enough . The script manages to create some sympathy for the the monster , shots of him looking longingly into Ted Nelsons house , or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently . The ending , set in a large factory of some sort , is pretty downbeat so do n't expect any happy ending . Which surprised me . Also , the script does n't really do anything with the premise , he just walks around melting and killing , with his friend trying to stop him , maybe a bit too simple . Personally I think the worst bit of the film is near the start when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion , her screams are also portrayed in slow motion too , it looks and sounds totally ridiculous ! You need to see it to believe it ! I like this film a lot and recommend it to 70 's and 80 's horror / sci fi fans . A bit of a favourite of mine .
1 I searched out this one after seeing the hilarious and linguistically challenging " Clueless " ( 1995 ) , perhaps Alicia Silverstone 's best known effort from early in her film career . " True Crime " has Kevin Dillon , which should be helpful in improving most film projects . In fact everyone in the cast does a good job . The only disappointment I think the movie has for me is an awkward " feel " to some of the scenes , coming from the need to run a quite uncompromising , grown up theme as part of what in tone starts out as a schoolgirl adventure.<br /><br />Alicia Silverstone is pretty good in this one . She carries off well the naive enthusiasm and growing unease that affects Mary Giordano as she manoeuvres towards the truth behind the serial murders . I reckon her characterization of MG has some mileage in it too . The inference of the story line is that she goes on to a career in law enforcement . It could be really interesting for an older Silverstone to revisit Giordano at a time of crisis later in the officer 's life . Just a thought!<br /><br />"True Crime " shows its director in a good light . Pat Verducci also has the writing credit . I do n't know of any other film work PV has done . I can only wonder what happened after such a promising start.<br /><br />Like most productions , this one has a largely unknown supporting cast , although Bill Nunn ( Detective Jerry Guinn ) is hardly that . Over the past decade he seems to have been able to secure an impressive number of screen appearances . I recall seeing him recently in " Carriers " ( 1998 ) , a made for TV presentation with a military theme . Bill Nunn played " Captain Arends " . Fans of the classic US TV comedy show " Who 's the Boss " may also have an interest in " Carriers " because the leading player is Judith Light , remembered with affection by many because of her lengthy involvement with the show.<br /><br />"True Crime " could easily not have worked , but it does OK . I think it is an entertaining story worth seeing .
1 This is the best made - for - TV movie of all - time ! Am I saying this because I 'm a huge Silverstone fan ? Partially , but even without her , I 'd still see it . I 'm a fan of serial killer genre films , and believe this to be a great entry in that category . Also , Mary Giordano easily ranks among Alicia 's top five character creations . Totally memorable - like she really exists . I 'd have her on my side , too , if there was a mystery to be solved . She plays the character , like she does with her real life , with complete confidence in everything she does . Seems sweet , honest , nice ... just like she is in real life . So is that acting ? Yes , indeed , she 's sort of a rebel once again . This time she 's not bad , she 's too good and a bit afraid to do things that seem above the law . But she does n't do things the normal teenager would do . Instead , she spends her time reading detective mags and solves crimes . A cliche abounds : she 's sort of avenging her father 's death , in a different way than vigilante - style . At the time , Alicia seemed to be playing the same characters : rebellious , seductive , without a parent , a loner . This happens here , too , but she 's a bit nerdy this time around . That does n't matter ; she 's still cool as a nerd . Check this out soon , or else Giordano will be investigating why you have n't ...
1 I have seen this movie and even though I kind of knew who the killer was from the beginning I still liked watching it . I would recommend it to other people . It comes on Lifetime movie network quite a lot . And I am thinking since it 's close to Halloween they might play it more . So please be on the look out for it if you are interested in watching it . I believe that Alicia Silverstone played her part very well . I really like her as an actress and person . She seems so nice and down to earth . Kevin Dillon he 's performance was so so for me . I am not trying to knock him or anything but I believe that his brother Matt would have been able to pull this bad evil serial killer persona better . Kevin just seems too sweet for me . But I think he did okay .
1 i got to see the whole movie last night and i found it very exciting.it was at least , not like the teen - slasher movies that pop out every now and then.the search for the killer and the ' partner ' relationship between the hero&the so - called bad guy was parts i liked about the movie.also,i remember once being on the edge of my seat during a specific scene in the movie.i mean it 's exciting.maybe some time later , i might watch the movie again ...
1 I saw True Crime when it was first released back in the mid - nineties and I have watched it many times since . It is a great mystery about Mary ( played by Alicia Silverstone ) , a high school senior in a California town who 's classmate 's younger sister was tortured and killed by an unknown murderer . Mary meets Tony ( played by Kevin Dillon ) , a police cadet who sees how bright she is and they decide to work together to try to find the killer.<br /><br />Many suspects in this one . True Crime feels very " true " or real to me . I read a newsgroup review where someone wrote that total suspension of disbelief is present here and it is so true . Alicia Silverstone is perfect in this role and Kevin Dillon and Bill Nunn do a great job , as do the other actors . The locations are right on and the writer / director , Pat Verducci , really captures some of the realities of teenage life and of Mary 's loneliness ( see the scene where Mary awakens from the dream sequence after having viewed the photos she took of Tony ) . I wish Verducci would make more movies.<br /><br />I have not seen any other movie quite like True Crime . 10/10
1 i thought this movie was wonderfully plotted it made me confused and my cousin who watched it with me.to tell the truth i think that the younger kevin dillon was hot.hahahaha...but i also thought the girl was stupid to go along with the cop and that was wrong what he said to her before his death"i was inside you".i think that 's what she gets for doing what she did with him and how is he going to tell her that she 's too young when he never cared how old the other girls were.?now i do n't think i myself could ever trust a cop like that.but to tell the truth it was pretty obvious it was him even if he was wanting to become a cop i would still be suspicious of him either way.and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.hahahahaha.she was still stupid for going into the warehouse again by herself and so was the cop who died HELLO ! ! it 's called back-up.sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.but that 's what i think an thought about the movie .
1 This is a nice piece of work . Very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout . Its main disadvantage is that it seems like it was made - for - TV : Full screen , and though there were several sex scenes , there was absolutely no nudity ( but boy did it come close ! ) . Strange , too , since Netflix shows that it was rated R.<br /><br />Nonetheless , very titillating , and I wish Alicia Silverstone made more movies like this.<br /><br />One Netflix reviewer stated that it was part of a series , but I have been unable to find out what series that is . I 'd like to find out , though , because this movie was THAT good.<br /><br />Walt D in LV . 8/23/2005
1 Very good drama about a young girl who attempts to unravel a series of horrible crimes . She enlists the aid of a police cadet , and they begin running down a series of clues which lead to a traveling carny worker with a long police record . An ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat .
1 Set in Japan , Ashura is the story of Demons taking over the earth . The premise is far more complicated , but the arching storyline should not be forgotten . Japan is in turmoil , with Demons occupying human form roaming the lands . Generally speaking Demons look and act like humans , but are evil . The Japanese word they use is not just demons , but rather the classical form of ' ogre ' which is a mythological creature of some historic stature . We 're talking about creatures that would appear more like gods than simple ugly child - eating monsters.<br /><br />However in human form all that remains is the green eyes and green teeth , which appear when put under any sort of stress . In order to save the world from Demons there are Demon - slayers . Trained and skilled warriors who can spot and defeat most every kind of demon , and who guard the passage - way between the realm of hell and that of the real world . These are the basic premises.<br /><br />The story begins with a festival in a local town . Amid these festivities , 3 men ride in , dressed in all black , seemingly intent on doing harm . The villagers run , excepting those which are demonic in nature , who turn green - eyed and try to kill them . The Demon - Slayers end up killing off the majority of the demons . From here the story gets interesting . The whole essence of the story begins when at the gate to hell a fortune - telling demon appears before the 3 gate - keepers , revealing the arrival of Ashura . With it , comes the end of the reign of man , and begins the reign of demons . Ashura however requires some form of birthing process , the first step of which occurred during the opening battle , but which wo n't be revealed to you until you see the film . The 3 demon - slayers are a wise old man , a powerful yet unprincipled man , and a skilled and compassionate warrior . Immediately you can see the split between them , the old man wanting to stop the demons , the powerful one wanting to bend them to his increasing ego maniacal wishes and the third looking to stop the second . Along the way he meets a woman who he begins to take fancy to , and believes himself to have a special relationship with . She in turn is a brigand who is good - natured , sought after by authorities . When the two finally meet face to face , he places his hand on her shoulder , and suddenly she is scathed by a mark on her shoulder . Needless to say , the mark is not a good sign . What ensues is a battle for earth , a battle between both good and evil , as it should be , but also between good and good itself.<br /><br />The point for me of this film became something other than what I thought it would . I came in thinking it would either be a fast - paced action style film with demons , or a horror film with macabre evil and foul creatures the likes of which would be seen in Ringu and Ju - on . I was however mistaken in the best possible way . The story it seemed to me is an adaptation of a very old Japanese play , and it plays itself out as such , combining the essentially action driven adrenaline scenes with a great concept , an amazing narrative , and a style which makes you compelled to think rather than just sit wallowing in gore . Many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogue between two characters the likes of which will never be seen in a Hollywood film . It becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath away.<br /><br />The film makes use of some immaculate scenery and camera - work comparable to many great Samurai films of our days , but adding to it a well - thought and classical plot . With great acting , great music , and thoroughly stunning scenes , its a must watch in my book.<br /><br />That being said , it does need the disclaimer that it is not for everyone . Its not cheap thrills horror , its not balls to the wall action . Its a horror style play that s been filmed . It has very much to say and takes the time to do so , flying in the face of the conventional one - liners . Like Japanese plays , the exchanges between the characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a quick yet marvelous battle scene . If you can enjoy such a thing , this is a masterpiece . If your idea of a good film is slasher flicks with little plot and excessive nudity , then you can easily watch something else.<br /><br />Overall , this film to me is a unique and amazing one , which keeps you riveted and amused . it has good writing , good acting , and good direction . It is all in all a solidly great film .
1 Japan is in serious trouble . Demons have infested Edo , taking possession of earthly forms and bending them to their unholy will . On top of that , the rebirth of Ashura , Queen of the demons , is nigh . The only thing that stands against this grave threat are the Demon Wardens , a fearsome group of warriors , who might just be as bad as the demons themselves.<br /><br />Izumo is a retired Demon Warden , who five years ago , took up theater instead of Demon Slaying after accidentally killing a innocent child ( In a battle that 's strangely reminiscent of the bar scene from Dusk till Dawn ) . One night by a chance encounter he meets a beautiful and mysterious woman named Tsubaki . Their fortunes intertwine ( literally ) and they are bound by fate to be lovers and enemies.<br /><br />If you think this sounds like your typical Japanese Fantasy / Swordplay epic , you 'd be wrong . In fact , there 's nothing typical about Ashura . It is a hodge - podge of many different genre 's of film . Those just mentioned , as well as a comedy , drama , and romance . Director Yojiro Takita ( Onmyoji ) juggles the genre 's fairly respectfully ( Although , the comedy seems forced in some scenes ) and the end result is a ridiculous , but really fun popcorn movie.<br /><br />To be sure , there are flaws in the film . Some of the humor seems contrived , and out of place . And the acting is n't the greatest . But seriously , do you watch Fantasy / Swordplay / Comedy films for the great acting performances ? ? No , we watch them for the action and the crazy CG visuals , all of which Ashura has in Spades . Not to be misleading , the film is not all action , but it is spaced out generously enough with lots of swordplay and buckets of green blood to keep the average viewer happy.<br /><br />Bottom line ; the films has it 's faults and is not a martial arts epic , but it does n't try to be and it features interesting visuals and good swordplay action . The reason the film worked for me is that it never takes itself too seriously and if the viewer does the same , their sure to be delighted by this fun and silly swordplay fantasy action flick.<br /><br />My Rating 7 out of 10 . Fun popcorn movie .
1 I went to see Ashura as 2005 Fantasia Festival Kickoff . Man , that was one cool kick off . The director was supposed to be in Montreal for the Canadian premiere , but due to health reasons , he 's still in Japan ... oh lord I hope he gets better and makes plenty of other movies.<br /><br />The plot is pretty simple , but somewhat original ... the demons are roaming in Edo in Japan and Swordsmans called " Demon Wardens " are slaying them and fearing the rebirth of Ashura , the demon goddess who 's sleeping and supposedly is very kick - ass.<br /><br />It brings us to Izumo ... some kind of elite swordsman called " Demon Slayer " and his buddy Jaku who 's the typical violent jealous asshole ... <br /><br />Seems boring ? Well now it thickens .... <br /><br />Izumo took his retirement from killing demons since he slayed a young kid on the " impression " that he was the demon , he never knew , but he did killed her . So Izumo went on with his life and recycled himself in Kabuki theater . In a boat joyride on a nice night , Izumo spots a girl hiding on a bridge and it changes his life and restart to slay demons ... for the good cause , the cause of love ... and damn ... the guy knows how to handle a sword and to pull an entertaining massacre.<br /><br />Izumo carries the movie as far as playing goes ... he is the total package ... he knows how to fight(hell yeah he knows ) , he 's witty , he 's intelligent and he has that grit . You never have to yell : " NO IZUMO , IT 'S A TRAP " The guy already knows it he has that common sense . He 's really the perfect hero.<br /><br />As far as cinematography goes , the esthetics are pretty interesting . It 's by far , the movie that looks the most like a manga . It 's creamed full of special effects and nothing , at all cost will prevent this movie to look realistic ... it 's pretty amazing . Lots of colours an " unreal " photography , other than that ... it 's pretty straightforward ... but like I said , the main character is carrying the movie A must see , a tale lead by masterful hands
1 The movie only enter the cinema in Indonesia this year ( 2007 ) , two years after it 's official release , and after many illegal DVD 's had found its way to the public . Apparently the popularity of the illegal DVD 's lead to the release into the theaters , with still public coming to watch.<br /><br />The movie is a great epic , bringing Japanese culture into your house in an exiting way . In a sometimes humorist way , the story is told about a theater writer who writes a story for his theater , since the regular Kabuki theater plays is something he finds boring.<br /><br />At first , the audience might be a little bit confused about which story we are following , but when the story unfolds , we see that the love between a male human and a female demon leads to a great story for a new Kabuki theater piece.<br /><br />The audience is left in the dark if this is a story that is supposed to really have happened in Japanese traditions and mythology , but that does n't matter.<br /><br />The way the story is told with a love for theater , expression , vivid colors , humor and tragedy , makes this a great ride on the roller - coaster of Japanese cinema as well as theater.<br /><br />Let yourself go completely when you watch this movie , try to see it in a cinema instead of on your television at home.<br /><br />One critical point though : the soundtrack is sometimes a little bit annoying . Though most of it is great music , there are a few moments in the movie that I think they should have chosen some more dramatic music . But maybe the fact that the story contains moments of humor made the director choose for lighter moments in music as well .
1 I loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end . I found the director/ actor 's style of directly addressing me / the audience very engaging.<br /><br />What I found most exciting and refreshing about this movie was its ignoring -- and thus challenging -- of gender and class stereotypes . The idiosyncrasies of the characters are portrayed as strengths , and the absence of judgment -- and the characters ' acceptance of themselves and each other -- enabled me to embrace them and allow myself to be drawn into their world . Without preaching , and with intelligence and gentle and loving humor , this movie has the power to open us to new possibilities , and offers hope for a world in which people see and accept each other as unique and precious individuals . I look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director .
1 This low budget digital video film has strengths in the right places -- writing and acting . In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far . In low light conditions the characteristic video umber tone prevails but , surprising , it rivals film stock for brightness , clarity , and , saturation in brightly lit situations . This is grass roots film making at its best with snappy dialogue carrying a " Midnight Cowboy " kind of story about grifters doing whatever it takes to survive in urban San Francisco .
1 A great and truly independent film that hit most of my emotions and carried me into another world . Is n't this why we go to the movies ? I was especially impressed with the editing and the music , the combination of which was very transportive .
1 What is so taboo about love ? ! People seem to have major problems with the transgenered.<br /><br />The title of this movie did n't catch my eye . It was a grainy shot about 4 minutes into the movie is what made me stop channel surfing . I could not believe how freaking amazing this film was . It touches on so many levels of human emotion that it did not once fail to move me in some way . It is by far one of the best independent films I have ever seen . I did not view these characters as either gender , just human . I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies . Especially independent films . Praise to all fearless filmmakers !
1 By Hook or By Crook is a tremendously innovative film from a pair of immensely smart and talented filmmakers , Harry Dodge and Silas Howard . They manage to tell an original story in a distinctive cinematic style , and it 's beautifully shot by Ann T. Rosetti , and wonderfully written -- truly poetic . < br /><br />The lead characters are true heroes and serve as a rare kind of role model / inspiration for butch dykes and trannies everywhere . This film has so much energy , so much poignant passion and scruffy San Francisco heart to it . I ca n't recommend it highly enough ! < br /><br />The best butch buddy movie of all time !
1 people claim its edited funny but they had to cut it down substantially in post production . i have harry as a professor right now at ucsd , and honestly its one of the best classes I 've had , its rather funny to here about what happened in making the film cause harry is so animated . i originally watched " joy of life " for another class where harry did a voice over in the film , and started watching this film after i started the class . Harry originally did some performance work , and is really genuine about creating moments that move you , especially when you have to re edit things until you hit on that moment , but its something you see in this film .
1 I was very impressed with this small , independently made picture . The story , about a pair of social outcasts who meet , become friends , and provide each other with a support system both seemed to lack as children , is at times hilarious , at times sad , but always provocative . Music , mostly by underground bands , was used to great effect , as was the experimentation with camera angles , filters , and slow or fast motion techniques . The performances ( the leads are played by the writers and directors of the film ) are some of the best I 've seen in the last couple of years . If you ever felt like a square peg being forced into a round slot , I really believe you 'll appreciate " By Hook or By Crook " .
1 These are excerpts from a nine - page " Memo to Mr. Cohn from Mr. Welles " , written after Orson had seen studio mogul Harry Cohn 's edited version of the picture ( he took an hour out ) : < br /><br />" ... The preview title music was written by a first rate composer , George Antheil . Although not written for our picture at all , this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and menace combined with something lush and romantic which made it acceptable ... The only musical idea which seems to have occurred to this present composer ( Heinz Roemheld ) is the rather weary one of using a popular song -- the " theme "-- in as many arrangements as possible . Throughout we have musical references to " Please Do n't Kiss Me " for almost every bridge and also for a great deal of the background material . The tune is pleasing , it may do very well on the Hit Parade -- but Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy ... Mr . Roemheld is an ardent devotee of an old - fashioned type of scoring now referred to in our business as " Disney " . In other words , if somebody falls down , he makes a " falling down " sound in the orchestra , etc . , etc ... If the lab had scratched initials and phone numbers all over the negative , I could n't be unhappier about the results ... Just before I left to go abroad , I asked Vi ( Viola Lawrence , the editor ) to make a cut which would involve dropping the near accident with the taxi - cab and also quite a bit of dialogue . I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving much needed footage in the slow opening sequence ( this was not done , accounting for the main weaknesses of the film 's opening reel) ... There is nothing in the fact of Rita 's diving to warrant a big orchestral crescendo ... What does matter is Rita 's beauty ... the evil overtones suggested by Grigsby 's character , and Michael 's bewilderment . Any or all of these items might have inspired the music . Instead , the dive is treated as though it were a major climax or some antic moment in a Silly Symphony : a pratfall by Pluto the Pup , or a wild jump into space by Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat . A little wind and water is sorely missed . There 's no point in photographing a scene on a real boat if you make it sound as though it all happened in front of a process screen ... At the start of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score , we used a very curious , sexy Latin - American strain ... This has been replaced with a corny " dramatic " sequel -- bad stock stuff ... This sort of music destroys that quality of strangeness which is exactly what might have saved Lady from Shanghai from being just another whodunit ... There is a big musical outburst after Grigsby 's line , " I want you to kill him . " This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio ... was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point . As it stands now , it 's on about the same level as the rest of the scoring . Nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we 're kidding ... The aquarium scene needs more echo . " Please Do n't Kiss Me " is in again! ... A bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of Michael 's run down the pier . From the gunshot through to the phone call , a careful pattern of voices had been built up with the expenditure of much time and effort . For some reason , this has all been junked in favor of a vague hullabaloo . As a result , the whole sequence seems dull ... The audience should feel at this point , along with Michael , that maybe they are going crazy . The new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they 're going to sleep ... The gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music ... The closing music again makes reference to " Please Do n't Kiss Me" ... This finale is obvious to the point of vulgarity , and does incalculable injury to the finish of the picture." < br /><br />All of these edits from Orson were ignored
1 After all , you do not go to an Orson Welles movie to see a nice simple little plot and a burnishing of the image of a happy - ever - after star  < br /><br />You go to see theatrically heightened characters locked in conflict against colorful and unusual settings , lighted and scored imaginatively , photographed bravely , and the whole thing peppered with unexpected details of surprise that a wiser and duller director would either avoid or not think of in the first place   < br /><br />As usual , as well as directing , Welles wrote the script and he also played the hero  a young Irish seaman who had knocked about the world and seen its evil , but still retained his clear - eyed trust in the goodness of others   Unfortunately for him , he reposed this trust in Rita Hayworth , whose cool good looks concealed a gloomy past and murderous inclinations for the future   She was married without love , to an impotent , crippled advocate , acted like a malevolent lizard by the brilliant Everett Sloane   < br /><br />There is a youthful romanticism underlying it all , and this quality came into exuberant play in " The Lady from Shanghai . " Before the inevitable happened , Welles escaped  to a final triangular showdown in a hall of mirrors , which has become one of the classic scenes of the post - war cinema   < br /><br />Welles did not miss a chance throughout the whole film to counterpoint the words and actions with visual detail which enriched the texture and heightened the atmosphere   His camera seemed almost to caress Rita Hayworth as the sun played with her hair and her long limbs while she playfully teased the young seaman into her web 
1 Of all the film noirs of the 1940s and 1950s , this has to rank as one of the strangest , and most fun to watch . I say that because of the four main actors : Orson Welles , Rita Hayworth , Everett Sloane and Glenn Anders . < br /><br />The first two names are familiar to everyone but it was the last two that made this movie so entertaining to me , especially Anders . His character , " George Grisby , " is one of the strangest people I 've ever seen on film . His voice , and some of the things he said , have to be heard to be believed . Slaone is n't far behind in the " strange " category . Hayworth is not as glamorous with short , blonde hair but still is Hayworth , which means a lot to ogle if you are a guy . Welles ' is as fascinating as always . One tip : if you have the DVD , turn on the English subtitles . His character in this movie is an Irishman and you need the subtitles to understand everything he says . < br /><br />Welles also directed the film which means you have great camera angles and wonderful facial closeups . You also have a unique ending , visually , with a shootout in a house of mirrors . Great stuff ! As bizarre as this film is , I still thought the buffoon - like carnival atmosphere at the trial near the end was too much and took away from the seriousness of the scene . Other than that , no complaints . < br /><br />This is great entertainment , which is the name of the game .
1 After CITIZEN KANE in 1941 , Hollywood executives turned their cob - webbed backs on the great Orson Welles . With the exception of KANE , Welles lost all creative control on MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS , JOURNEY INTO FEAR , and many other films to come . Welles was an innovative and creative genius , the most unconventional of filmmakers when Hollywood was in need of a few more . THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is yet another example of the misunderstood view of Welles ' films at the time , a movie that seems a bit choppy and non - fluent . It has a conventional 1940 's premise told in a most unconventional way , and I am sure some scenes ended up on the cutting room floor . It is now legend that Columbia mogul Harry Cohn stood up during its initial screening and asked what it was about . In hindsight , many old grumps that ran the studios back then had not one clue as to the cinematic techniques and master story - telling of Orson Welles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is only nearly great because of their intrusion.<br /><br />Beside being arguably the greatest director of all - time , Welles was also quite a performer as an actor . At 25 , we all know what he did as " Charles Foster Kane " , perhaps the most famous character in film history . Here , he inhabits a rare character of dim wit and not much intelligence , something unfamiliar to those familiar with Welles other great work . Instead of a slick , wise tongue , he speaks with a rough , Irish twang . Rita Hayworth ( his unhappily married wife at the time ) plays an unhappily married wife of a lawyer who puts Welles in a spell and is able to draw him into a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment . He is a large lug who may have even murdered a man , but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth ( with stunning blonde hair ) and crippled hubby Everett Sloane ( Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE ) . A creepy partner of Sloane 's is along for the sail around the country to set off a number of peculiar events that has Welles ' " Michael O'Hara " head spinning . Welles narrates the picture as O'Hara , but things are still unclear throughout . See for yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 viewings to fully know exactly what 's up.<br /><br />An uncharacteristically strange courtroom sequence centers around " O'Hara " , with Sloane defending him . It is an oddly comedic scene with some quirky courtroom methods , including Sloane cross - examining himself . I did n't really laugh here because the film stalls at this point after a first portion that never gets to take off anyway . Up to this point , the cinematography is great , some scenes are shot with craft and skill ( aquarium love scene ) , but there is no distinct line drawing the elements and us , the audience , in . Reportedly , the court scene was re - shot against Welles ' requests ( 10 closeups of Hayworth were ordered ) and a makeshift song sung by the starlet was thrown in at Cohn 's insistence . A gaudy score infuriated Welles , who once again , was left out of the editing process . Thank Welles himself for saving the film entirely with a tour - de - force ending that will always be treasured . The so - called " Hall of Mirrors " scene brings buffs back time and time again , rightfully so.<br /><br />It must be seen to be believed and it does a good job of wrapping up some confusing ideas presented . The crash of the mirrors represents " O'Hara 's " disillusionment and the " crazy house " itself is a masterpiece of art and set decoration . It seems more like a state of mind than an actual place and is indeed " crazy " , twisted and turned like a Dali painting . This is a great ending to a flawed picture that if left alone would probably have made the AFI 's Top 100 . Then again , 3 or 4 more of Orson Welles films may have made all collective " best of " lists if he had been left alone to create his own magic.<br /><br />NOTE : Look for the Mercury Players that are so prominent in Welles pictures . They pop up all over . RATING : 8 of 10
1 One can only imagine the film Mr. Welles might have finished without the interference of the studio ! This film is a flawed Welles , but worth every minute of it because one can see the greatness of perhaps America 's best motion picture director of all times!<br /><br />We can see the toll it took on Orson Welles the filming of this movie . The story has a lot of holes in it , perhaps because of the demands of the studio executives that did n't trust the director . < br /><br />It is curious by reading some of the opinions submitted to IMDB that compare Orson Welles with the Coen brothers , Roman Polanski , even Woody Allen , when it should be all of those directors that must be regarded as followers of the great master himself . No one was more original and creative in the history of American cinema than Mr. Welles . Lucky are we to still have his legacy either in retrospective looks such as the one the Film Forum in New York just ended , or his films either on tape or DVD form.<br /><br />Rita Hayworth was never more lovingly photographed than here . If she was a beauty with her red hair , as a blonde , she is just too stunning for words . Everett Sloan and Glenn Anders made an excellent contribution to the movie.<br /><br />The only thing that might have made this film another masterpiece to be added to Orson Welles body of work , was his own appearance in it . Had he concentrated in the directing and had another actor interpret Michael O'Hara , a different film might have been achieved altogether . Orson Welles has to be credited for being perhaps a pioneer in taking the camera away from the studio lot into the street . The visuals in this film are so amazing that we leave the theater after seeing this movie truly impressed for the work , the vision and the talent he gave us .
1 Orson Welles ' " The Lady From Shanghai " does not have the brilliant screenplay of " Citizen Kane , " e.g. , but Charles Lawton , Jr. 's cinematography , the unforgettable set pieces ( such as the scene in the aquarium , the seagoing scene featuring a stunning , blonde - tressed Rita Hayworth singing " Please Do n't Love Me , " and the truly amazing Hall of Mirrors climax ) , and the wonderful cast ( Everett Sloane in his greatest performance , Welles in a beautifully under - played role , the afore - mentioned Miss Hayworth -- Welles ' wife at the time -- at her most gorgeous ) make for a very memorable filmgoing experience . The bizarre murder mystery plot is fun and compelling , not inscrutable at all . The viewer is surprised by the twists and turns , and Welles ' closing line is an unheralded classic . " The Lady From Shanghai " gets four stars from this impartial arbiter .
1 As I watched one of Orson Welles ' last contributions to Hollywood as a filmmaker , I knew I was watching a great movie unfold , though at times I did not know why . The story in The Lady from Shanghai has the prime elements of a film - noir : average - Joe lead , femme fatale , conspicuous supporting characters , and a comprehensible if somewhat convoluted plot structure . It is an entertaining ride , and it 's filled to the brim with Welles ' unique gifts as a director , but there are scenes that tend to just not work , or do n't feel complete in what was Welles ' full vision ( the latter is unfortunately too true- executive producer Harry Cohn and the Columbia execs are to blame for that).<br /><br />Welles co - stars with his then wife , the profoundly gorgeous Rita Hayworth , as Mike O'Hara , an Irish worker who can and does get angry at the right people . Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister , married to Mr. Bannister ( Everett Sloane , who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane ) , who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby ( Glenn Anders , who has great control in his eyes ) . They want to go sailing on their yacht and take O'Hara along for the ride , and at first he 's reluctant , but agrees since he 's falling for the married Mrs. As their journey unfolds , O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not pleasant to be around , and more so with Grisby , who at first seems out of his gourd . Yet as the plot unfolds , O'Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby is planning for insurance money , with results that I dare not reveal ( although they have been discussed over and over by others).<br /><br />Whatever liabilities pop up here and there in the mystery part of the story ( and those few noticeable moments where shots were studio dictated ) , the performances and the look of the film are what remains striking after over fifty - five years . Though he does n't have the terrific Greg Tolland ( Kane 's DP ) at his side , dependable Charles Lawton Jr. assists Welles in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and stark , covered in shadows , deep focus , low angles , the works . A particular accomplishment is the fun - house mirror scene , which is merely a highlight among others . Welles himself is always dependable as an actor- even if his accent is n't anything special- and Hayworth herself makes a scene a little more lush , despite her path in the story . < br /><br />The Lady from Shanghai is worth checking out , especially for Welles , Hayworth , or film - noir buffs ( fans of the Coen brothers might find this fascinating as well ) . It may just take a little while , repeat viewings ( as was for Touch of Evil ) , for the underlying motives in the plot to sink in .
1 Made in 1946 and released in 1948 , The Lady and Shanghai was one of the big films made by Welles after returning from relative exile for making Citizen Kane . Dark , brooding and expressing some early Cold War paranoia , this film stands tall as a Film - Noir crime film . The cinematography of this film is filled with Welles ' characteristic quirks of odd angles , quick cuts , long pans and sinister lighting . The use of ambient street music is a precursor to the incredible long opening shot in Touch of Evil , and the mysterious Chinese characters and the sequences in Chinatown can only be considered as the inspiration , in many ways , to Roman Polanski 's Chinatown . Unfortunately , it is Welles ' obsession with technical filmmaking that hurts this film in its entirety . The plot of this story is often lost behind a sometimes incomprehensible clutter of film techniques.<br /><br />However , despite this criticism , the story combined with wonderful performances by Welles , Hayworth and especially Glenn Anders ( Laughter ) make this film a joy to watch . Orson Welles pulls off not only the Irish brogue , but the torn identities as the honest but dangerous sailor . Rita Hayworth , who was married to Welles at the time , breaks with her usual roles as a sex goddess and takes on a role of real depth and contradictions . Finally , Glenn Anders strange and bizarre portrayal or Elsa 's husbands ' law partner is nothing short of classic !
1 At the point in time that The Lady from Shanghai was being made , the marriage of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth was disintegrating . The film was as much an effort by Welles to rekindle the old flames as it was to make a classic noir . Not received well at the time , The Lady from Shanghai has gotten more and more critical acclaim as years pass . Gotten better with age so to speak.<br /><br />Welles is Irish seaman Michael O'Hara who on a fateful night rescues the beautiful Rita Hayworth from three muggers in Central Park . Sparks do fly , but then comes the rub , turns out the lady is married to crippled , but brilliant criminal attorney Everett Sloane . Nevertheless Sloane takes an apparent liking to Welles and hires him to skipper his yacht.<br /><br />So far this film is starting to sound a lot like Gilda . If Orson had seen Gilda and was not at this point thinking with his male member , he would have skedaddled back to the seaman 's hiring hall in Lower Manhattan . Instead he gets himself involved in a lovely web or intrigue and finds himself pegged for two murders and Sloane as his eminent counsel.<br /><br />Welles for whatever reason decided that his wife would be a blond in this film . Supposedly Harry Cohn hit the roof as Rita was internationally known for her coppery red hair . This may have soured him on the picture as he joined the legion of studio bosses who saw Welles 's vision of independent film making a threat to their power.<br /><br />Stage actor Glenn Anders plays Sloane 's partner Grisby who is one slimy dude , he winds up a corpse . The other corpse to be here is Ted DeCorsia , a bottom feeding private detective who tries to go in business for himself.<br /><br />It 's a good noir thriller , showing Rita at her glamorous best even if she was a blond here . The final shoot out in the hall of mirrors is beautifully staged , but I would n't recommend seeing it if one is on any controlled substance .
1 The first mystery is to guess what Welles ' original film was like . That makes this a real adventure -- to see an incomplete skeleton and using cinematic forensics , imagine the beautiful woman it once supported.<br /><br />If you do , you will both see and experience perhaps one of the best film mysteries ever . As mysteries go , the narrative is rather ordinary : a simple diversion , one jealous husband as red herring.<br /><br />What 's rather miraculous is Welles ' placement of the story in an artificial eye seeing a dark , dark multifaceted world . The first real noir , but even darker . It 's not an obviously twisted world , unless you think about the camera . What we can see firsthand is someone creating a vocabulary that would later become common.<br /><br />For all the celebration , Kane was a success because of the great drama and story . The camera 's eye was shocking , but experimental . Welles would go from there to explore the mystery narrative and the self - reference of Shakespeare with this eye . Othello and MacBeth are both begun in this period , and I consider them part of a single vision with this . < br /><br />The noir feel here hinges on the notion that people are not in charge of their lives , even a little -- they are manipulated by random factors in the environment . So in telling this story , Welles has to make the environment into a character . Several characters as suspects in the mystery.<br /><br />Thus we have the famous lighting , blocking and angles we know ( and have since seen countless times ) . And we have the deliberately closed sets : the park , yacht , picnic area , aquarium , dock , courtroom , Chinese theater and funhouse . I am certain that what was cut by the barbarians was lots and lots of ' external ' narrative dealing not with character but with these strange environments.<br /><br />My own solution to the mystery is that the funhouse did it , among the other character - environments introduced as suspects . In other words , the manipulation of Black Irish ( who we know from notes and one scene typing at the union hall was an aspiring novelist ) was neither : a force of human conspiracy ( the park or the civilized version , the courtroom ) nor of nature ( the picnic or the civilized version , the aquarium).<br /><br />Instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement . This is of course a self - reference to what Welles is doing : putting these people ( including himself ) through hell for our own caprice , a matter underscored by the Peking Opera set with Welles doped up . And of course leading to the funhouse where the environment directly tinkers with perception.<br /><br />More about the self - reference : surely there is conscious comment on his relationship with his soon to be exwife . But I believe there is strong subconscious comment on his own taunting the environment in which he worked , the studio environment . Surely Welles was as much screwed with , and in much the same way , as his character . And that screwing took the form of the murder of this film , leaving the rotting corpse mentioned at the beginning of this comment.<br /><br />That poor Rita comes from China ties up the whole thing , the Chinese theater , the expected rape from above , the loss of the woman . The investment in environment beyond all .
1 In NYC , seaman Michael O'Hara ( Orson Welles ) rescues Elsa Bannister ( Rita Hayworth ) from a mugging & rape as she takes a horse & carriage through Central Park -and lives to regret it . Titian - haired Hayworth 's a platinum blonde in this one ; as dazzling as fresh - fallen snow -but nowhere near as pure ... <br /><br />To reveal any more of the convoluted plot in this seminal " noir " would be criminal . It 's as deceptive as the mirrors used to cataclysmic effect in the final scenes -but the film holds far darker secrets : From the NY Times : " Childhood Shadows : The Hidden Story Of The Black Dahlia Murder " by Mary Pacios " Mary Pacios , who was 5 years old when she was befriended by 15 year old Bette Short , retraces Short 's steps , interviewing friends and associates . She also offered a detailed , if speculative , analysis of Orson Welles -particularly in regard to his movie " The Lady From Shanghai " . According to Ms. Pacios , the movie , along with related archival materials , has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with Short 's murder . She raises the question : Could Welles have been the killer ? " Interesting theories -and with the spate of books now out on " The Black Dahlia " , much more may come to light . Fritz Lang 's brutal " film noir " , " The Big Heat " ( 1953 ) , was a roman - a - clef telling of the " Dahlia " killing in " The City Of Nets " that was L.A. -but it 's the Orson opus that the " Dahlia " had a " hands - on " connection to . In reality , it was Bugsy Siegel ( and the Hollywood mob wars of the 1940 's ) that did the " Dahlia " in ... but that does n't negate much of what Pacios wrote . Almost all of Hollywood intersected with Elizabeth ( " The Black Dahlia " ) Short and her tale / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in a number of Golden Age films.<br /><br />The " Black Dahlia " was always on the peripheral edges of " Shanghai "- even before it started filming . Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone : " It was when he was thinking about making " The Lady From Shanghai " , before he lost the option to Orson Welles . Franchot said he 'd been in a bad state over that deal when he ran into the Dahlia in the Formosa Cafe * across from the Goldwyn studios ... " * The floor above the Formosa Cafe was Bugsy Siegel 's office and " The Dahlia " one of his on again / off again working " girls".<br /><br />It gets deeper and darker- After the 1951 brawl over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone that sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and " never talking the same way again , " Barbara said , she married Tone " just to spite Neal . " Tom ( " Detour " ) Neal also knew " The Dahlia " ( who did n't ? ) and became obsessed- From " L.A. Despair " by John Gilmore : " The January 1947 slaying of the young , beautiful would - be actress Elizabeth Short , known as " The Black Dahlia " , was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime . A project , called " Who Killed The Black Dahlia ? " was being kicked off by actor Tom Neal , a hell - raiser from WW II movies . Potential producer Gene Harris : " Someone will have to come up with a more imaginative business proposition than what has been presented by Tom Neal and his cohorts ... " Not long after : " It would be very clear one beautiful day to come , when Tom would sneak up on his pretty , new Palm Springs wife as she lay on their sofa and shoot a .45 bullet through her head . " Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty ( later Marilyn Monroe ) knew the " Dahlia " and their stories are well known . It seems all who crossed the path of the " Dahlia " ( like the proverbial black cat ) entered a " Twilight Zone " darkness and/or had an incredible string of bad luck afterward . Tone / Neal / Welles are only a few -and this includes a butchered film called " The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /><br />"Lady From Shanghai " took two years to be released , thanks to extensive re - editing -and all because Columbia president Harry Cohn could n't understand the story . It 's dark " noir " to be sure -one of the darkest , in fact . It 's also a wicked satire on life in the new Atomic Age.<br /><br />Nicolas Christopher:<br /><br />"Shanghai " pushes forth an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement concerning the atomic bomb and the American city . The film 's principal murder victim ( and there are many ) , a psychotic and double - dealing lawyer , manically foresees Armageddon at every turn , claiming he can " feel it . " He announces that he plans to escape to a remote Pacific island -a particularly acid joke on Welles ' part since this was the very year the U.S. began testing atomic bombs at just such a place , the Bikini Atoll , relocating all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem . By the time of Bikini , the erotic identification of Hayworth with the Bomb appears to have been institutionalized , with the blessing of the military brass ; the first bomb dropped in the Pacific testing ground in named " Gilda " and has Hayworth 's image , in provocative dress , painted directly on its casing ... " < br /><br />Its ironic that Orson Welles ' broad interpretation of an Irishman is considered a detriment to the film by many . Welles is giving a clue to viewers that " Michael O'Hara " is only the storyteller - not part of the story even though it revolves around him . " O'Hara " contradicts the shark motif throughout the film . Sharks on a feeding frenzy wo n't stop until there 's nothing left . " Michael O'Hara " lives to tell the tale . " Elsa Bannister " causes a feeding frenzy during " O'Hara 's " trial and her netted chapeau suggests she 's caged in -so as not to devour the human spectators to a Roman Coleseum . The spectators are on a feeding frenzy of their own , gossiping and carrying on about " Elsa " -a human aquarium correlating to the San Francisco marine museum sequence . That 's the human condition ... except for " Michael O'Hara " . And yet he 'll be spending his life trying to forget his past ( " Elsa " ) -or die trying . " Elsa " is part of " Michael " and the tale eats its own tail in the end and the viewer is cautioned to stay out of trouble .
1 This could be well have been THE definitive film noir of all time , had not the Columbia Studios cut so much of Orson Welles 's original . What we are left with is a flawed , yet brilliant film that showcases the overwhelming talent of Welles as an actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a serious dramatic talent.<br /><br />'The Lady From Shanghai ' is film noir at it 's most sizzling and confusing . Welles , with an uneven accent , portrays Michael O'Hara , a journeyman Irishman , who , after a fateful encounter with the seductive , dangerous Elsa Bannister ( Hayworth , in a GREAT performance)finds himself virtually coerced into accepting a job as a crewman on her and her crippled husband 's ( Everett Sloane ) yacht . Elsa , or ' Rosalie ' as Michael likes to call her , plays the innocent , helpless doll very well , ensnaring O'Hara in her web . As the lovers conduct a not - so - secret affair at sea , Arthur Bannister 's partner in his law firm , George Grisby ( Glenn Anders)comes aboard . He is a weird , untrustworthy figure who offers Michael a unique proposal : He will get $ 5000 to assist Grisby in the faking of Grisby 's death , so it looks murder . The plan is for Michael to get off a technicality , and run off into the sun with Elsa . But things do not go to plan.<br /><br />Hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous portrayal . At times she seems genuinely vulnerable and child - like , at others brutal , world - weary and hard . Always she is brilliantly beautiful , whether he situation calls for her to be dripping wet in a swimsuit or dressed in black , brandishing a gun . Hayworth is beautifully photographed here , and she is a far - cry from her famous ' Gilda ' role . Her then - husband Orson Welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a dyed blonde crop ( angering Columbia boss Harry Cohn ) . It was a terrific marketing ploy , and he change suits her changed attitude wonderfully . She is not the sympathetic femme fatale that ' Gilda ' is , here- instead she is a predatory , black - hearted dame who sees murder as a very useful option.<br /><br />The Welles and Hayworth pairing came at a time when the couple were having extreme difficulties in their marriage . They would divorce after the film was made , so this is also a curiosity for providing some view into the complicated relationship . They are hateful , not romantic , lovers in this , so it 's hard to gauge whether or not they had real chemistry on screen . Certainly every encounter is potent and filled with raw sexuality , with Welles as the ' fall guy ' ( he even admits it himself in the film ! ) and Rita as the double - crossing babe.<br /><br />Welles character is the typical noir ' drifter ' with not much sense . As Welles voice - over proves to use , O'Hara indeed does not use his brain very much ' expect to be thinking of her ( Elsa ) ' . Welles usually played intelligent , charismatic fellows , so his turn here as the dim - witted Michael is unusual and very interesting . Indeed , Welles was an actor of fine talent and he pulls off it well.<br /><br />Everett Sloane is suitably slimy as Hayworth 's crippled husband . One wonders why he hires Michael . It is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantically , so why does he invite a ' threat ' on board ? One interpretation could be that Michael provides the ' service ' to his wife that Bannister can not in his crippled state . There is definitely something to that theory , with a lot of implications toward Elsa 's behaviour before she met her husband ( was she some sort of prostitute?)and Grisby 's knowledge of Bannister 's most intimate secrets being hinted at in several scenes.<br /><br />This is a jumbled , convoluted film with a plot that is ultimately flawed . We are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot , as with most noirs . Welles provides us with many of his usual brilliant cinematic touches , including the justifiably famous ' hall of mirrors ' climax . It 's a terrific scene , one ending that can almost obliterate the faults earlier on in the movie and lift it into greatness . This fun house scene is visually stunning , with a Dali - like feel to the painted sets ( apparently Orson painted them himself ) . Subtle visual imagery utilized throughout the film by Welles enhances the plot and makes this a thought - provoking experience.<br /><br />The dialogue is scorching and confusing , delivered superbly by Rita 's alternately breathy low voice and helpless , high - pitched little - girl voice . Hayworth proves her acting capabilities in this one , and proves that SHE is the ultimate femme fatale of ' noir ' . It 's a pity ( only a slight one , as Rita was a brilliant dancer ) that she did so many delightful yet frothy and often forgettable musicals for Columbia in the 40 's instead of darkly - themed noir like this . She was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.<br /><br />9/10 .
1 Orson Welles manages to knock me on my ass with every picture of his I see . Lady of Shanghai is on the same level as his other masterpieces , The Magnificent Ambersons , Touch of Evil , The Trial , and Chimes at Midnight . The plot can tend to be confusing sometimes , and sometimes it seems to be moving maybe a tiny bit too fast ( about an hour of it was edited out when test screenings went poorly ) . It does n't matter , however . You ca n't watch Welles ' films and manage to concentrate too much on the plot . His direction defines what great direction is . Almost any scene from this film can hold up with any other scene he directed . Check out the courtroom scene . Usually they are such stock scenes that I ca n't stand them . Case in point , try to sit through Welles ' own speech near the end of Compulsion . In Lady from Shanghai , just pay attention to the level of detail in that courtroom scene . Watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings . Or just take a look at the lighting in that scene . I know , it is just a simple Venetian blind , and that it was used constantly in film noirs and crime films of the era , but Welles gives it a beauty all its own . The dialogue is also remarkable . Welles had the skill , a skill that no one else seemed to have , to make a crime film containing examples of the grandest poetry . Whether he was speaking Shakespeare or spitting out hard - boiled lines , it had the power to stir the soul . 10/10 .
1 Any film in the early days of Orson Welles is a triumph all the way to The third Man with Joseph Cotton . He is also wonderful in a Touch Of Evil . Please see them all ! He tends to get pompous and self serving in films like F is for Fake , really stupid waste of film . Don't waste your time watching it . it is really ignorant . Orson Welles is a film icon and anyone studying film should see everything he has filmed . All his leading ladies are tremendous but in the end Welles became a fat drunk , like his character in A Touch Of Evil ! For some reason Orson Welles had a way with women , I see how he could be considered attractive in his youth , not like Gary Cooper or Joseph Cotton , or Cary Grant , John Wayne , I could go on and on but I digress ... and because I am a woman , I can see the attraction to him . He ( Orson Welles ) is one of the last true film makers and unless you count the film - makers of today : Tarantino , Scorscese , Spike Lee , most of the film makers just do n't measure up to the film makers of the Forties ! I know there are many more great film makers of today but in such a short amount of time I ca n't name them all . No Offense to any of the great film makers of this millennium ! August 21,2006 . Please remind me of some current up and coming film makers , I do n't want to be stuck in the past ! I love some of the films out now , but rarely are there any that I would put on a " 100 best " list .. " Hustle and Flow " was great , so was " Fargo " , and " Oh , Brother , where art thou , " from a line in Sullivan 's travels ; another fine film from the forties ! Can anyone give me a best list for the 90 's and on up to 2006 ? I would like to know who to watch ! Thank you ! Also Props to this website ! Where else can you plug a film or boo it ! i love the ranting and raving from regular folks like me who can say what I want and I promise not to spoil any film for someone who has n't seen it yet !
1 Surreal film noir released soon after the " real , " genre - defining classics " The Maltese Falcon , " " Double Indemnity " and " The Postman Always Rings Twice . " Welles films should n't be evaluated against others . He was playing by different rules . In fact , he was playing . This starts where other femme fatale films leave off , so the vaguely logical ( but interesting ) whodunit is embellished with a display of Wellesian scenes ( typical rapid - fire style ) , dialog ( lots of " hard - boiled " philosophy ) , and unusual acting ( good Hayworth presumably intentionally one - dimensional ) . To Welles " genre " may have meant " formula " but he seemed to like using " mysteries " as backgrounds for his " entertainments . "
1 What can I say , it 's a damn good movie . See it if you still have n't . Great camera works and lighting techniques . Awesome , just awesome . Orson Welles is incredible ' The Lady From Shanghai ' can certainly take the place of ' Citizen Kane ' .
1 This 1947 film stars and was directed and written by Orson Welles ( with a funky Irish accent ) and also stars the gorgeous Rita Hayworth with less appealing short blonde hair . So , I 've hung out with Orson before in Touch of Evil and Citizen Kane and the Third Man etc . but this was my first Rita Hayworth interaction . Our first meeting went well , she does a superb job playing the frightened / cagey Elsa , married to a crippled millionaire lawyer . Mike ( Welles ) and Elsa fall for each other . He wants to run away with her , she does n't know if she can live without the things money can buy . Elsa , her husband , and his partner bicker and bite , just like the sharks Mike describes attacking each other and his foretelling proves just too true . Several twists and turns follow in this murder mystery as we come to the climax in the fun house . ( Think the ending shootout in The Man with the Golden Gun , which borrowed heavily from this scene ) . I was n't sure who the murderer was until the end.<br /><br />This movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon . The dish centers on the sea , it is subtle , sour , and pungent , all to great effect . These might not be the best , fresh shrimp , but good quality frozen shrimp from Costco . The flavorful sauce adds to the naturalness of the pink shrimp as you fill up on a healthy , but filling alternative to more mundane , common fare . 7/10 http://blog.myspace.com/locoformovies
1 The Lady From Shanghai is weird even by the standards of its eminent director , Orson Welles , whose last Hollywood film this was for many a moon . It 's a kind of post - modern film noir made during the period when more conventional films of this type were quite popular , and it concerns a happy go lucky Irish sailor ( played by Welles ) who falls in with a mysterious lady ( Rita Hayworth , who was married to Welles at the time ) , and her crippled , and probably impotent husband , played with a brainy , malevolent gusto by Everett Sloan . A long sea voyage follows , with Welles in tow as bodyguard , and the plot thickens when Sloan 's law partner ( Glenn Anders ) turns up and starts making trouble by giving odd speeches about suicide and other morbid topics that suggest that the man is on the verge of mental breakdown . A murder plot ensues , and all sorts of calamities follow for Welles and his employers , and at this point the story , fuzzy and told at a leisurely pace thus far , goes off the deep end , and the last part of the film consists of brilliant directorial set - pieces that seem to have been thrown in to give the movie some of the drive and urgency its story does not , by itself , possess , and the result is a very watchable and often pleasing at all times incomprehensible mess.<br /><br />It 's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this film aside from maybe resurrect his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife . But self - destruction intervenes , as it often does with Welles , and Miss Hayworth has never looked less fetching . That she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar , as aside from her beauty her most appealing trait as a screen personality was lovableness , a quality she does not possess in this picture . The director himself is strangely unappealing and hammy at O'Hara , the ( presumably ) easygoing sailor , since Welles , for all his many gifts , was not known as an easy man to work with . This is a role that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw might have been able to breath life into . Welles does not . The most interesting performance in the movie is Glenn Anders ' as Grisby , Sloan 's loony , treacherous law partner . Anders works wonders with the part , and is photographed to look bizarre , while his scenes end on odd , sour notes , and are often choppily edited ; but for all this he manages to make Grisby 's derangement palpable and disturbing , and anticipates , in a genteel way , the more flamboyant Method actors of the fifties , such as Timothy Carey.<br /><br />There is a question that nags me about this film : what was Welles trying to say ? He was a highly talented and intelligent man , and tended to make statements in his movies , which , whether one agrees with his world view or not , were brilliantly put forth . I think I have an answer , or a partial one : Welles was summing up his movie career . He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised , and he knew it . The Lady From Shanghai is n't exactly a nose - thumbing at the studio moguls of the day , but I suspect that it is , in its portrait of amoral , rival big shot lawyers ( read : producers ) expressing Welles ' opinion of the power brokers of Hollywood . That he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling . Welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler , and he rarely lived in one place for long . He was hired by a studio to provide it with a big , prestigious film ( Citizen Kane ) , which caused a firestorm of controversy from which he never fully recovered . This may be the issue that dares not speak its name in this film , which is to say Welles ' personal failure in not getting over the shock of his newness in the movie colony , and his inability to deliver the goods , as promised . The mere fact of him turning up in Hollywood , like his mere presence in the film , could not forestall disasters well beyond his control . That he presented himself in the movie as an amiable , naive outsider shows a lack of self - knowledge on Welles ' part . He was much more of an inside player than he let on , and I imagine that he despised his knowledge of the worldlier aspects of life , and himself for knowing so much .
1 It 's very hard to say just what was going on with " The Lady from Shanghai " and what the film could have been without studio interference . Orson Welles ' prime interest in film at this point was to raise money for his theater ; indeed , funding his own projects is what drove him to seek out acting jobs . He made " Lady from Shanghai " for his soon to be ex - wife , Rita Hayworth . Harry Cohn was fearful for Rita 's image and held back the release of this movie for one year.<br /><br />The plot concerns an Irish sailor , Michael O'Hara , who falls in love with Else ( Hayworth , stunning with short blond hair ) . Her husband is a well known criminal attorney Arthur Bannister ( Everett Sloane ) who is as crippled on the inside as he is out . He hires O'Hara to work on his yacht , and there O'Hara is drawn deeper and deeper into a web of murder and deceit.<br /><br />"The Lady from Shanghai " moves at a snail 's pace , though I agree with one of the posters that films today are criticized for taking time to build a plot . Still , this movie drags . The scene in the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music , though , and I believe the studio cut it down . It 's a shame . The photography throughout is stunning , atmospheric , bold , and very stylish.<br /><br />Welles was an excellent actor , handsome in his youth , charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique , but in many films , it 's almost as if he does n't trust himself or does n't take the time to develop a character . Instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses . One of the only times he did n't do this was " Tomorrow is Forever , " where the director gets an excellent , deeply felt performance out of him . Contrast that with " Compulsion " where he shows he is a master of pure technical acting as he phones in his performance . Here Welles is doing quadruple duty - as director , star , co - writer and narrator . Sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intense was a fast way to a characterization . Nevertheless , he is always compelling.<br /><br />The supporting players are excellent , including Sloan and Glenn Anders . Hayworth , gorgeous and soft - voiced ( her singing was again dubbed by Anita Ellis ) is as usual a complete goddess and one of the great screen presences . What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty.<br /><br />Any film that Orson Welles directed is worth seeing , and " The Lady from Shanghai " is no exception . But this one leaves the viewer frustrated , as does " The Magnificent Ambersons " - as does any work that Welles did within the studio system . He was a great artist who should have been given a freer reign ; he was n't . He was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom , but as is evidenced by some of his later work , he needed the structure of the studio . Alas , he could n't have both .
1 Despite loving Rita Hayworth , finding the final few sequences of the film intriguing and being able to appreciate some of the subtler " symbolic " aspects of the cinematography , The Lady from Shanghai did n't quite work for me . I had a problem with most of the performances , the script and the overall structure . And in a film that 's mostly people talking with each other in various situations , that 's quite a problem . The Lady from Shanghai ended up at a very low " C " , or a 7 , for me.<br /><br />The Lady from Shanghai is really all about Orson Welles ' character , Michael O'Hara . O'Hara sees Elsa " Rosalie " Bannister ( Rita Hayworth ) in Central Park on a carriage ride and hits on her . Later , he saves her from a mugging and she takes a shine to him . O'Hara is a seaman from Ireland and the globetrotting Elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband , Arthur ( Everett Sloane ) , a very famous and powerful California defense attorney . They talk O'Hara into working for them , despite his initial reservations -- it seems to him , and to the audience , that Elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with , and O'Hara does n't want to get involved.<br /><br />Shortly after going to work on their yacht , a strange man , George Grisby ( Glenn Anders ) , who says he 's Arthur 's partner , shows up at a port of call and begins stirring up trouble . Eventually , Grisby asks O'Hara to enter into a very dubious and dangerous scheme . Foolishly , O'Hara agrees . Naturally it gets him into quite a bit of trouble , and eventually , a number of mysteries are revealed.<br /><br />Maybe my problems with the film lie in the fact that , so far , I 'm not exactly a huge fan of Orson Welles , and here , he produces , writes , directs and consumes most of the screen time . I have n't seen anywhere near the majority of Welles ' work yet , but I 've tended to like his later films better , when he became a bit more campy and performance - arty . I love F for Fake ( Vérités et mensonges , 1974 ) for example , and I even kind of like his performance in Casino Royale ( 1967 ) , when he bizarrely insisted on being allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table , but Citizen Kane ( 1941 ) never did much for me , despite giving it 3 or 4 chances over the years ( including about one year ago ; my rating was a low 7 - -the same as my current score for The Lady from Shanghai).<br /><br />Welles ' performance and the dialogue he 's written for himself come across as affected and pretentious to me . He 's a bit of a motormouth , a bit of a boor , and a bit monotone -- he tends to sound like he 's reading . His performance reminded me of what I 've seen of Welles ' version of Moby Dick ( listed on IMDb as 1999 , but " completed " in 1971 , it can also be seen in Orson Welles : The One - Man Band ( 1995 ) ) , where he seems to be just reading to the camera and believing that he 's inherently , sublimely dramatic . I 'm also someone who almost never complains about accents , but somehow Welles manages to make his Irish accent sound affected and pretentious to me , too.<br /><br />As for the other performances , I can only say I thought Hayworth did an excellent job . Of course she 's gorgeous , which does n't hurt . Plenty of eye candy here . Like Welles , Sloane also seemed a bit affected and pretentious to me -- I never quite bought his character , his handicap and so on , and Anders is simply bizarre where bizarre does n't seem to fit . Welles often shoots him in close - up and Anders almost always has some over - exaggerated , manic expression on his sweaty face.<br /><br />Structurally , The Lady from Shanghai is very uneven . The first 50 minutes or so are extremely bland and soap - operatic , although the soap opera ministrations tend to be approached from a tortuous oblique . Once Grisby introduces his scheme , things pick up a bit , and mostly improve as we near the end . But by the time The Lady from Shanghai becomes a crime / mystery film , it 's too little too late , and it quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden , thrilling ending that comes almost out of nowhere and is over far too quickly for its relative excellence.<br /><br />The ending is more action - oriented , less - dialogue heavy , more varied and exotic in settings , and at times , fairly abstract . Welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director . If The Lady from Shanghai would have been a largely a combination of the crime / mystery stuff and the arty ending , it could have easily been at least a 9 . The final scenes are easily 10s , as Welles shifts from a Hitchcockian suspense scene in a San Francisco Chinese opera house to another suspense scene in a Chinese amusement park . The funhouse climax uses cinematography that was experimental for its time . It 's well integrated with the script , as it allows a complex resolution and fuels a lot of symbolism.<br /><br />The cinematography throughout is interesting , even if it usually ca n't make up for the problems in the foreground . Welles blocks scenes with skill . There are lots of attractively filmed settings , from Central Park to Acapulco to various San Francisco locations . Welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action , from the emphasized heights and precipitous drops of Acapulco to the maze - like Caribbean streets , the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the San Francisco Aquarium , and so on . The romance material , for which the Aquarium serves as one backdrop , is interestingly tempered with a kind of unease throughout the film , but on the other hand , that makes the romance never quite work as romance.<br /><br />Surely serious Welles fans will appreciate The Lady from Shanghai much more than I did , and of course it 's worth a watch if you love Rita Hayworth . The Lady from Shanghai is n't exactly a terrible film , in my view , but it 's dangerously close to not " passing " . Proceed with caution .
1 Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies . Welles is drawn into a murder conspiracy only to be set up as the fall guy , which is what he refers to with the sarcastic comment " big dummy that I am . " Plot is so complex that I still do n't know whether the victim knew that his life was about to be lost . The shootout scene in the carnival hall of mirrors is one of the most amazing ever filmed . That scene alone is worth the price of admission . This is the only time that Rita Hayworth ever played a complex yet believable character . No one but Welles would have had the nerve to cut her hair and dye it brassy blond . No one should miss this picture .
1 Neatly sandwiched between THE STRANGER , a small film noir picture that proved Welles can do a formidable genre work on budget and on time and ironically proved his biggest box office success in the forties , and MACBETH , a no - budget Shakespeare adaptation shot in old western shets in 23 days , comes THE LADY FROM SHANGAI , a dark film noir woven from the very same fabric of Wellesian mythos that covers THE MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS , MR . ARKADIN and any other film the director did n't manage to save from the clutches of studio bosses.<br /><br />Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON , with the post - war craze of the film noir in full swing , Welles , always ahead of his time , a true visionary director of tremendous artistic integrity , envisioned a labyrinthine world of shadows that is already darker , more sinister , paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time . It 's no wonder the movie was so misunderstood at its time , to the point that one full hour of footage was forever left in the cutting room floor , and it was once again Europe that championed it as another Welles classic.<br /><br />Certain set - pieces stand out . The aquarium scene with its flickering light and ominous shadows , and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale that is as classic a piece of Wellesian bravura as any in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL . The only faults I find with the movie is Welles ' ill - advised Irish accent and perhaps some of the erratic editing in the first act . The story however unfurls in a progressively mesmerizing manner , which the cuts only serve to intensify . I believe the heavily chopped versions of Shangai and Ambersons attain a surreal quality for that matter.<br /><br />Welles would exile himself in Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver yet another stonewall classic , the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL , perhaps the crowning jewel of the film noir that was already in its waning days by that time . Shangai was not the box office success a star vehicle for Hollywood 's premiere star of the time , Rita Hayworth , ought to have been , and Welles marriage with Hayworth ended before the movie was even released . Sixty years later and one hour of footage less , Shangai is still one of the best film noir pictures one is likely to discover . Surely that must count for something .
1 It is not as great a film as many people believe ( including my late aunt , who said it was her favorite movie ) . But due to the better sections of this film noir , particularly that justifiably famous " fun house " finale , THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI has gained a position of importance beyond it 's actual worth as a key to the saga of Orson Welles ' failure to conquer Hollywood.<br /><br />By 1946 Welles ' position as a Hollywood figure was mixed . CITIZEN KANE was not recognized as the great movie it has since been seen as due to the way it was attacked by the Hearst press and by Hollywood insiders themselves . Welles ' attempt at total control ( direction and production and acting ) of his movies seemed to threaten the whole system . His best job in this period was as Edward Rochester in JANE EYRE , supposedly shot by Robert Stevenson , but actually shot in large measure ( with Stevenson 's blessing ) by Welles . But the credit went to Stevenson . Only THE STRANGER , a film benefiting from a postwar interest in fleeing Nazi war criminals , made a profit . For five years in Hollywood it was barely a great record.<br /><br />Welles returned to Broadway in 1946 , hoping to recapture his critical abilities by his production of AROUND THE WORLD IN 80 DAYS . But despite the assistance Mike Todd , and Cole Porter composing the score , the musical was a failure . His failure occurred just at the same time that his wife , Rita Hayworth , was on the rise with her portrayal of GILDA . So the marriage was going on the rocks as well.<br /><br />Welles had to make money - his Broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy . He sold his interest in the possible movie rights to AROUND THE WORLD to Todd ( which he would eventually rue ) , and he also sold the idea of a film about the career of Henri Desire Landru to Charlie Chaplin , who was supposed to be directed in it ( and who turned it into MONSIEUR VERDOUX).<br /><br />The story goes that Welles , with a $ 10,000.00 tax bill to worry about , called Cohn and offered to do a film with Rita for a down payment . Cohn was willing to do so , but naturally asked what the film was . It was a wise question . Welles was on a pay phone in New York in a pharmacy that had a book department . He grabbed a book with the title THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI , and raved that it was a great thriller . Somehow Welles convinced the normally astute Cohn that Welles knew what he was talking about . Cohn said he 'd look into getting the rights , and sent Welles his down - payment of $ 10,000.00 . After Cohn hung up Welles bought the book and read it - and found it was really pretty bad . He spent time rewriting a treatment and screenplay that would build up Rita 's character of Elsa Bannister.<br /><br />Certainly it has a curious plot development . Michael O'Hara is a seaman / longshoreman . He rescues Elsa Bannister , when she is apparently attacked by gangsters in a park in San Francisco . Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister ( Everett Sloane ) a crippled criminal lawyer with a great reputation . She convinces him to hire Michael as the skipper of their yacht . The cruise also contains Bannister 's sinister partner George Grisby ( Glenn Anders ) and one Sidney Broome ( Ted De Corsia ) who turns out to be a detective hired by Bannister to watch Elsa . When they can Michael and Elsa try to find time together , but Broome or Grisby keeps showing up.<br /><br />Grisby makes Michael an offer - he wants ( for reasons connected to his so - called fatalistic view of modern society ) to drop out of it , pretending to be dead . According to Grisby ( the plot becomes murky here ) he can still collect his life insurance ( although dead ? ) and use it to run off to the South Seas . He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he will pretend to shoot Grisby . This includes actually signing a document admitting to the murder ( Michael does not realize that such an admission would wipe out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead).<br /><br />Of course Grisby is killed , and Michael is arrested for that , and for the murder of Broome ( shot with Michael 's gun ) . Michael is tried with Bannister defending him , and discovers that the latter is doing a second rate job because he wants Michael to be convicted . Michael is convinced that Bannister is the actual murderer , and manages to escape just before the jury verdict . He is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival , and this leads to the famous " fun house " sequence and the conclusion of the film.<br /><br />It 's a terribly confusing movie ( as I have had commented on ) . That does not mean it 's not worth seeing - visually it is striking . Witness the fight between Michael and the police in the trial judge 's quarters , where he knocks the bailiff into the judge 's bookcase , shattering glass . Or the clever use of photography to capture Hayworth diving from a rock , reflected on the lecherous Grisby 's binoculars.<br /><br />The acting is pretty good , in particular Sloane ( possibly that fine actor 's best film role ) . Glenn Anders was a leading Broadway performer . He rarely made movies before THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI , and his slimy Grisby is unforgettable . Also Ted De Corsia does very nicely with Broome - a detective who is really looking for his own interests , to his own cost.<br /><br />As for Hayworth , she turns in a performance that was unlike most of what she had done before ( BLOOD AND SAND , TALES OF MANHATTAN , and THE STRAWBERRY BLOND are exceptions ) , and is a memorable siren . Welles ' O'Hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a likable but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he secretly wants to believe . It 's not KANE , AMBERSOMS , OTHELLO , TOUCH OF EVIL , or CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT , but it is a good film for all that .
1 THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is proof that the great genius Orson Welles could direct a " mainstream " movie if he wanted to . By comparison to his other , more artistic works , this film has only a moderate amount of craftiness , and almost no esoteric elements.<br /><br />The exception being , of course , the final scene in the hall of mirrors , widely agreed to be one of the greatest scenes in the history of film . It alone is worth the cost of a rental.<br /><br />The sweet surprise was the superb acting by the beautiful Rita Hayworth . Her acting during the beginning and middle of the film is so excellent , she made the other actors appear as caricatures instead of characters . Even the great Mr. Welles .
1 In a lot of his films ( Citizen Kane , Confidential Report , Touch of evil ) Orson Welles gave him the role of an exuberant men . In " The Lady from Shanghai " it 's the only time I see him holding the role of the victim . The role of the culprit , he gave it to Rita Hayworth , I guess it 's because he was in love with her . Therefore , it 's an interesting film . But I find the story excellent too . The direction is genius , as usual with Welles : two scenes are particularly brilliant : the one in the aquarium and the final one with the mirrors . This film is brilliant.(10/10 )
1 One reviewer notes that it does not seem to matter what Welles actually says or does , he moves you . I concur . He was and remains a unique force in film . More than a triple threat who could act , write and direct , he had a genius uniquely suited to film . One can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter . This film certainly reinforces that impression . A musician , a theatre actor , an heir to Shakespeare ? hard to tell but I am very grateful that his time cam with film and he have him captured on film . I like the accent . I like the face , the size , the style , the mind and the games . I love all of his movies and wish there were more . I particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film . Many were never better or at least somehow different with him because he was o firmly there . Even towards the end when his beauty was ruined , perhaps by his own intent , he was impossible to ignore and he made every scene he was in . Rita was a gorgeous blonde -- a Lana Turner look alike but perhaps even lovelier and even then the eye goes to Welles and one wishes for another minute , another film , another hour in his company . That is why we all wish we could come upon the lost scraps cut from his films because we know , we all know , that there is not part of him not worthy of our time . Watch it and be grateful for the chance .
1 I did no research on the film prior to my first viewing of it because it was part of a Welles box set I had recently purchased . A box set I chiefly got because I wanted to own A Man For All Seasons and to also re - evaluate Waterloo . So I stick Orson and Rita in the player and I 'm treated to class and confusion in equal measure.<br /><br />On the surface the story seemed a simple one , man meets gorgeous woman and saves her from a couple of thugs , they click straight away and man gets offer of work on a cruise with woman and her famous lawyer husband , and then ............. <br /><br /> .. well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans . Michael O'Hara ( Orson Welles } himself does n't really know what is going on , he is as confused as the viewer is , and that is wonderful to watch as he is pulled all over the place by pretty much everyone in the film . Obviously being pulled by the heart strings by a femme fatale of such beauty as Elsa Bannister ( Rita Hayworth } has its moments , but you just know that things are going to go pear shaped.<br /><br />So many wonderful things in the film , it has Welles visual style all over it , see a scene in an aquarium that is marvellous and the ending sequences in a fun house is majestic on the eye . The narration from O'Hara is joyously self mocking , and we get good light relief by way of a court case with Everett Sloane considerably lighting up proceedings.<br /><br />Yet the film is an oddity , and in fact it 's a choppy viewing experience , because { as I was to find out after } studio bosses cut the film by pretty much a whole hour , and that is just not only frustrating to us the viewer , but unfair on Welles ' vision . I 'm positive that a full original cut of this film would have been lauded and revered wholesale , as it is tho , we have a very good and intriguing film , one that sadly only hints at greatness , but remains a fiendishly engrossing film that I 'm glad I own to revisit further . 8.5/10
1 " The Lady from Shanghai " is well known as one of Hollywood 's most troubled productions . Welles ' original cut was taken away by the producers and cut to ribbons . This made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of . They post dubbed a good amount of his dialog because of the density of the Irish accent , and the dubbing is all too apparent and poorly done . Most disastrous of all , Welles and his on screen and real life leading lady Rita Hayworth were falling apart in their relationship , and their tumultuous chemistry comes through on screen.<br /><br />Fortunately , this is all overcome by just how fantastic Orson Welles ' direction is . He makes the film incredibly stylish and atmospheric - every scene just seems to be breathing down your back from the screen . Also , the characters and scenes are so bizarre they border on dreamlike and surreal . This sense of weirdness elevates scenes that are often found in these films , such as the courtroom sequences in the middle . I typically find courtroom dramas a bore , but Welles ' direction and quirky touches make them just as fascinating as everything else . The ending at the carnival reminds one of David Lynch almost.<br /><br />The acting here is also very good . Despite their failing relationship , Welles and Hayworth both give decent performances - their interactions however are just a bit lacking . Everyone else is superb and delightful to watch though , especially Everett Sloane and Glenn Anders . " The Lady from Shanghai " obviously has its problems , but its worth watching just to see one of cinema 's masters at his finest . ( 8/10 )
1 In my opinion , A GUY THING is a hilarious , witty , sexy , romantic , and totally beautiful chick flick that guys will also enjoy . I thought that Jason Lee and Julia Stiles dazzled as a bewildered groom - to - be and his soon - to - be sexy cousin - in - law . If you ask me , they lit up the screen like magic . You can also feel their chemistry between them . Before I wrap this up , I 'd like to say that the performances were top grade , the direction was flawless , the production design was nice , the casting was perfect , and the costumes were perfectly designed . In conclusion , to anyone who 's a fan of Jason Lee or Julia Stiles , I recommend this movie . You 're in for lots of laughs and thrills , so , go to the video store , rent it or buy it , kick back with a friend , and watch it .
1 I happened to watch this movie by chance some days ago while flipping channels . My expectations were not very high but it was an interesting movie . In ' A Guy Thing ' , Jason Lee plays Paul , a straight - laced , Seattle - based fellow who is about to marry his fiancée Karen ( Selma Blair ) and settle down to an unchallenging life of middle - class domesticity . We first meet Paul at his bachelor party , where he professes no desire to engage in any of the normal bachelor party type activities his ( surprisingly few ) buddies encourage , in case he 's a bit naughty and gets into hot bother with his soon to be trouble and strife . Of course , the next thing Paul knows , it 's the morning after the night before , he 's in bed with a naked hula dancer , and his mother - in - law phones to inform him that Karen is on her way over . Oh , and the hula dancer is Karen 's cousin Becky ( Julia Stiles).<br /><br />From this small acorn of potential trouble grows a mighty oak of frenetic misfortune , as Paul scrabbles from misadventure to misadventure , trying to cover up what he 's done whilst keeping up the appearance of being a dutiful , family - oriented good guy , who 's super - excited about his forthcoming nuptials . His efforts to ensure Karen remains none the wiser about any potential wrong - doing on his part ironically forces Paul closer and closer to the fun - loving Becky , forcing him to question whether he really wants the life that seems to have been mapped out for him . The movie contains the right mix of comedy and romance . Definitely worth a watch .
1 I think this movie got a low rating because it got judged by it 's worst moments . There is a diarrhea joke and an embarrassing nut - scratching scene , but apart from that there are actually quite a few moments that made me laugh out loud . Jason Lee is performing some wonderfully subtle comedy in this movie and Julia Stiles manages to be pretty damn funny herself . Apart from that this movie behaves like most romantic comedies , after about 40 minutes into it you know how it is going to end . ( Which is better than most of them , where you already know after + /- 5 minutes ) . Anyway , better movies to watch but definitely not the worst pick ... Cheers
1 Recap : The morning after his bachelor party Paul is woken by his mother - in - law - to - be and discovers that there is a woman sleeping beside him . Unfortunately its a waitress from the bar , and not his fiancée . And suddenly she turns up everywhere ... the toll booth at the freeway and at his parent - in - laws dinner . And it is hard to keep a secret when her jealous ex - boyfriend had him followed and photographed . It is not only about saving his wedding ... it is about survival.<br /><br />Comments : Actually much better than expected . Not the sweet romantic comedy I expected , but something much funnier , something with a little edge . This movie was n't afraid to take the jokes a little further . And Jason Lee does now how to deliver comedy , especially when his character is half - panicked and deep in trouble , as he is here . And he got nice support from beautiful ladies Julia Stiles and Selma Blair . And actually I thought Lochlyn Munro did a nice part as the ex.<br /><br />So , more emphasis on comedy than romance , and the end result was good . I enjoyed it very much.<br /><br />7/10
1 Paul ( Jason Lee ) is an underachiever who just happens to be engaged to a type - A princess named Karen ( Selma Blair ) . She chooses his clothes and his daily schedule . At his bachelor party , Paul gets a little too drunk and somehow ends up taking a pretty dancer named Becky ( Julia Stiles ) back to his digs . " Nothing happened " , as they say , but the duo do wake up in the same bed . Suddenly Karen telephones . She 's on her way to Paul 's apartment . Understandably , Paul hustles Becky out of the place , although her underpants are left behind . But , there is even more fun ahead . At a family dinner at Karen 's parents ' home , Paul runs smack into Becky again , learning that she is Karen 's cousin . Talk about some explaining to do ! But , instead , Paul chooses to feign a stomach problem and hides out in the bathroom . Will Karen ever find out that Becky spent the night at Paul 's place ? And , what will be the consequences ? I 'm sorry for critics who pan movies like this . They should definitely lighten up , for this film is fresh and fun . Of course , it does n't hurt matters that Lee is a consummate funny man , Stiles is a charming beauty or that Blair is a natural as a pretty but anal fiancée . The rest of the cast , including James Brolin and Julie Haggerty , is also quite nice . The look of the film is wonderful , as are the costumes and California settings . Best of all , the script is imaginative and inspired , creating big laughs for the audience . In short , if you want to tickle the proverbial funnybones , get this movie tonight . It may not be Academy Award material but it is absolutely guaranteed to turn a bad day into a darn good one .
1 What would you say about a man who was about to get married and was having his bachelor party with some of his closest friends at a Hawaiian guy bar ? All smooth sailing until he takes his " bachelor hat " off . What would you say about him talking to one of the suggestive dancers and then sleeping with her ? What would you say if that exact girl was the cousin of his finance ? A new low , right ? Well Paul Coleman , played comically by Jason Lee , leads this experience of a nauseous blur and a new low . I got to say this is one of his good leading roles . However I do believe his role in Vanilla Sky was better acted.<br /><br />His finance named Karen is played by the up - and - down actress Selma Blair while Karen 's character , Becky , is played by the lovely and talented Julia Stiles . Getting back to where we left off , Paul now has to deal with one arising problem to another . He gets diseases , has to deal with certain people , and has to play his lie games with stealth or any member of each of the families could get P.O'ed , including one of his relatives that has n't had a " bowel movement " for 14 days . * Vomit * All of this leads to the long awaited wedding with one hilarious scene before it recapping all the hell that Paul and his brother had to go through.<br /><br />Overall , A Guy Thing is quite funny and is all right . Sometimes the story may seem to go nowhere and you get tired of scenes here and there but it 's a mixed movie . And if you 're a Canadian and a fellow fan of the CTV Brett Butt sitcom , Corner Gas , you 'd recognize a small role played by Fred Ewanuick , the same man who plays the hilarious Hank in the series . This movie is all right . It 's another feather in Lee 's hat ( quite an empty hat so far , however).<br /><br />My Rating : 7/10<br /><br />Eliason A.
1 I think the deal with this movie is that it has about 2 minutes of really , really funny moments and it makes a very good trailer and a lot of people came in with expectations from the trailer and this time the movie does n't live up to the trailer . It 's a little more sluggish and drags a little slowly for such an exciting premise , and i think i 'm seeing from the comments people having a love / hate relationship with this movie.<br /><br />However , if you look at this movie for what it is and not what it could have been considering the talent of the cast , i think it 's still pretty good . Julia Stiles is clearly the star , she 's so giddy and carefree that set among the conformity of everyone else , she just glows and the whole audience falls in love with her along with Lee . The rest of the cast , of course , Lee 's testosterone - filled coworkers , his elegant mother - in - law , his fratlike friend Jim and his bride - to - be all do an excellent job of fitting into stereotypes of conformity and boringness that make Stiles stand out in the first place . < br /><br />Lee does n't live up to his costars , i do n't think , but you could view that as more that they 're hard to live up to . Maybe that 's one source of disappointment.<br /><br />The movie itself , despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that do n't come off as funny as the writer 's intended , is still pretty funny and I found a rather intelligent film . The themes of conformity and " taking the safe route " seemed to cleverly align on several layers . For example , there was the whole motif of how he would imagine scenarios but would never act on them until the last scene , or how he was listening to a radio program on the highway talking about how everyone conforms , or just how everything selma blair and julia stiles ' characters said and did was echoed by those themes of one person being the safe choice and one being the risky choice.<br /><br />The other good thing about the movie was that it was kind of a screwball comedy in which Jason Lee has to keep lying his way through the movie and who through dumb luck ( example : the pharmacy guy turning out to be a good chef ) and some cleverness on his part gets away with it for the most part.<br /><br />While it was n't as funny as i expected and there was a little bit of squandered talent , but overall it 's still a good movie .
1 First a quick ' shut up ! ' to those saying this movie stinks . You ca n't go to every movie expecting ' Citizen Kane ' . This was actually a fun movie . Jason Lee is good in everything he does . The only flaw in this movie is , I do n't think there was enough chemestry between Lee and Julia Stiles . They should have dwelled more on that . Other than that , the movie is good fun . Selma Blair needs to eat something . She 's worrying me . But she still looks beautiful . So yes , I recommend this movie for a date or light saturday afternoon fun . Go see.<br /><br />RATING : * * 1/2 out of * * * *
1 This movie starts out brisk , has some slow moments in the middle , but generally moves along well , has a few very good moments , then peters out at the end of Act 3 . I was able to get to see this in LA premieres 2 times ( with 2 different endings ) . Jason Lee is a star , but he is not tomorrows leading man . He is humorous and holds his own , but he is better served as a supporting actor . Julia Stiles does ' ok ' in a comedy role , new for her , but she does n't ' steal ' this movie , the way a star of her caliber should . For an actress who has so much potential(10 Things , Save the Last Dance , O ) , it is hard to watch her continue to do roles that are so ' average ' , and then not have her take the role and run away with the movie ( like Daniel Day - Lewis did in ' Gangs ' ) . Selma Blair is a good young actress as well , and does an ' ok ' job . I did n't expect an academy award performance from her , and she did n't deliver one , but , her performance was adequate . Chris Koch delivers another film that is ' above average ' . Perhaps the problem lies in the script more than anything else . I ' did ' like this movie ! But , it is not a movie where you walk away and say ... 'that was great!' ... This ' story ' has been done so many times before and there was just not much new here . The rehearsal dinner scene was probably the best in the movie , and Larry Miller gives an incredible performance in a supporting role ( he could be the best surprise of the film ) . If you want to go see a movie that will make you laugh a few times , and have an enjoyable evening , I can still recommend this film , but unless they have changed the ending ... again ... leave during the church scene , or you will surely be disappointed .
1 I was literally preparing to hate this movie , so believe me when I say this film is worth seeing . Overall , the story and gags are contrived , but the film has the charm and finesse to pull them off . That gag where Jason Lee thinks he has crabs , and tries not to let his boss / future father - in - law and co - workers see him scratching himself is n't terribly intelligent , but it sent me into a frenzy of laughter . Very few of the film 's gags are high - brow , but they made me laugh . As I said , the film has charm and charm can go a long way . < br /><br />The characters are likable , too . I must say I wish I got to see more of James Brolin 's character , since he was a hoot in the very few scenes he was in . Plus , I admire any romantic comedy that has the guts to not make the character of the wife ( who serves as the obstacle in the plot ) a total witch . The Selma Blair character is hardly unlikable , and there 's never a scene where I thought to myself , " Why did he want to marry her in the first place ? " The ending is Hollywood - ish , but it could 've been much more schmaltzy . < br /><br />The cast is talented . I have n't had a favorable view of most of Jason Lee 's mainstream work . I just loved him so much in Kevin Smith 's films that I could n't help but feel disappointed at seeing him in these dopey roles . And he never looks comfortable in these dopey roles . Even in this movie , he does n't look perfectly comfortable , but he contributes his own two cents and effectively handles each scene . But I still miss his work in independent films . Julia Stiles proves again why she 's so damn likable . Of course , she 's a very beautiful girl with a radiant smile that makes me want to faint , but she also possesses a unique charm and seems to have good personality . In other words , her beauty shows inside and out . I do n't know the actresses ' name , but the woman who plays the drunk granny is hilarious . Julie Hagerty also has a small part , and she 's always enjoyable to watch , which makes me wish she received better roles . I loved her so much in " Airplane " and " Lost in America " that it 's a shame she does n't get the same opportunities to flaunt her skills . < br /><br />Don't be put off by the horrible trailers and even more horrible box office records . This is a funny , charming film . Romantic comedies are getting so predictable nowadays that it feels like the genre itself is ready to be flushed down the toilet , so it 's always to see a good one among all these bad apples . < br /><br />My score : 7 ( out of 10 )
1 Romantic comedies can really go either way , you know ? You 'll see one that 's really sappy , and you 'll think you want something more realistic . Then , you 'll see one that 's realistic , but it might be too dull to keep you interested . Or maybe you 'll see one that does everything right , but just fails to make you smile . Romantic comedies are tough movies . You go into them with a lot of expectations , and usually , whether you like it is simply a matter of whether the filmmakes was anticipating your expectations or those of the guy or girl next to you.<br /><br />Of course , if you 've got a girl next to you , and you 're a guy like me , it probably does n't matter all that much whether the movie 's any good , you 've got other things on your mind . For you , I say , " Go get her , Tiger ! " For the rest of us , I say , " See _ A Guy Thing_. " It 's a lot of fun.<br /><br />Because _ A Guy Thing _ knows you 're going in to this movie with expectations , so it does n't pretend that its " Guy about to get married meets the woman of his dreams , and it 's not his wife ! " plot is going to make everyone happy . Sure , maybe you like it , but maybe it does n't ring true , or you think it 's cruel . _ A Guy Thing _ covers that . What _ A Guy Thing _ does is fill the screen with the best supporting cast I 've seen in a long time , so if you do n't the main plotline , you 've still got something to make you smile.<br /><br />Whether we 're talking about the seasoned veterans of big and small screen , like Larry Miller ( Pretty Woman , Best in Show ) , James Brolin ( Traffic ) , Julie Hagerty ( Airplane ! ) , David Koechner ( Saturday Night Live and Conan O'Brien regular , Dirty Work , Austin Powers II ) or Thomas Lennon ( The State and Viva Variety ) , or new faces like Shawn Hatosy ( The Faculty ) , or Colin Foo ( Saving Silverman ) , we 're talking about a bunch of very talented and skilled actors who know exactly how to take advantage of the film 's inspired characterisation , steal the show , time after time , and still frame the piece with an energy and a joy rarely seen in romantic comedies these days.<br /><br />And that 's not to detract from the actual romantic throughline and the stars that carry it along , because it 's very sweet and terribly well done . Jason Lee ( Mallrats , Chasing Amy , Dogma , etc . ) is touching as the young professional whose life may be spinning out of control , and Selma Blair shows an understated brilliance in portraying the aspiring socialite and sophisticated career woman every guy wants to marry except for the guy who actually is.<br /><br />A lot of the success of the movie , though , falls on Julia Stiles , the right girl in the right place at the wrong time , and she wears it well . Not since , gosh , I do n't know when , have I seen an actress in a romantic comedy that has made falling in love with her so easy . Of course , it 's all in the closeups , the voice , and the subtle smiles , but it 's magical , and it 's one of the big reasons why we go to the movies in the first place.<br /><br />But Julie Stiles 's slightly offbeat sophistication would be lost were it not for the fact that the rest of the cast is so incredibly dead - on in their classic simplicity . This is a movie that paints a broken world of irreconcilable stock types , makes them fall over each other to make you laugh , and then comes through with a great deal of heart.<br /><br />A Guy Thing is a movie you 've definitely seen before , and the filmmakers clearly knew that when they set down to make it . We have n't really seen any new romantic comedies since Shakespeare ; the relative success of this one or that one is entirely dependent upon the execution of the classic story of boy meets girl . A Guy Thing does embrace that with a bit of a metacinematic edge , often taking the scenes into the absurd in order to give the audience a chance to acknowledge the powerful emotions and ancient plot devices at play.<br /><br />For the record , it also even manages to poke fun at the rather traditional structural notions of sex and gender that form the center of every romantic comedy , so even the feminists out there might get a kick out of it.<br /><br />And guys , I think we can all agree that we wish our friends are as cool as Jason Lee 's friends in this movie . I 'm not going to spoil it for you , but when you try to explain to your girlfriend why the pharmacist and the clothing store clerk are among the coolest dudes in cinema , I suggest you just say " It 's a Guy Thing , " and leave it at that .
1 On the night of his bachelor party , Paul Coleman ( Jason Lee ) meets the gorgeous dancer Becky ( Julia Stiles ) in the bar , they drink a lot together and in the next morning , he wakes up with her on the bed . His future mother - in - law calls him and informs that his fiancée Karen ( Selma Blair ) might be arriving in his apartment , and he desperately asks Becky to leave his place in a hurry . Sooner , he finds that her has crabs , and later , in the preparation of his wedding dinner party , he realizes that Becky is the cousin of Karen . This is the beginning of a very funny comedy , with hilarious situations . The first attraction of this movie certainly is the central trio of actresses and actor . Julia Stiles and Selma Blair , who are excellent actresses and extremely gorgeous , and Jason Lee , who is amazingly funny , have good performances . I laughed a lot along the story , but there are some scenes that are really hilarious . For example , when Paul finds Becky in his bed ; when he finds her paints ; his imagination in many situations ; in the drugstore , trying to buy and get explanations about the crab medicine ; most of the scenes of his neighbor , the minister ; when Karen calls the department store ; or when the police finds a suspect of assaulting Paul . I could number many other scenes , but better off the reader rent or buy this movie and have lots of fun . My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil):"Louco Por Elas " ( " Crazy For Them " )
1 " A Guy Thing " may not be a classic , but it sure is a good , funny comedy . The plot focuses on Paul ( Jason Lee ) , who wakes up the morning after his bachelor party with no memory and Becky ( Julia Stiles ) lying naked in his bed . Before he can figure out what happened , he rushes Becky out of his apartment because his fiance Karen ( Selma Blair ) is coming . After that , as you could imagine , chaos ensues.<br /><br />Almost every single scene in " A Guy Thing " delivers loud laughs . The funniest moments come from when Paul imagines what could happen if he tells Karen . Selma Blair is a truly talented comedian , and the worst thing about this film is that she goes underused . Although , she turns out to be more funny than Stiles ' character , who actually is n't that interesting . Of course , not every comedy is perfect.<br /><br />As I said , " A Guy Thing " is no classic , but it 's not bad either , 7/10 .
1 What happens when someone has so much social anxiety that they cease to function ? How alone can one man get ? When the mundane crap we have to do in order to be part of society gets to be too much , what happens ? Frownland explores these questions . Definitely a startling original debut from Bronstein . The tone is strange and claustrophobic as we get inside the mind of a guy named Keith that is so messed up he can hardly form a proper sentence . We follow him around as he tries to make contact with people and function day to day . Most of us have known people like this- people that say " sorry " too much or " i appreciate it " when there 's nothing to appreciate . So we know there are people out there like this but why would someone want to make a movie about them ? Well , because its interesting and Bronstein and the lead actor , Dore Mann , do an excellent job . This film is about as un - commercial as a film can get . A few friends filmed it over the course of a few years as they saved money . It was shot on 16 mm and the scratched film look is beautifully low budget . With no distributer , this may be a tough one to find , I think it 's been screening randomly for the past year or so . Hopefully it 'll be on DVD at some point . I saw it at the Silent Movie Theater here in LA . There were 10 people in the audience , among them Crispin Glover , if that tells you anything about how weird this movie is . Highly recommended .
1 A very strange and compelling movie . It 's about a very awkward and tightly wound man who attempts to navigate his life as a door - to - door fundraiser / salesman . The director was able to capture a very unnerving tone that really served the story well . Original and unsettling while also finding a great deal of humor in the pain that accompanies life . There is a sequence at a testing facility that really stood out and made me laugh out loud which is not something I do as frequently as I should . One of the more memorable films I 've seen in a long while . Has n't left my mind and I look forward to future efforts by Bronstein . Fantastic performances all around . The simple line " I really appreciate it . " is now iconic to me .
1 Frownland is like one of those intensely embarrassing situations where you end up laughing out loud at exactly the wrong time ; and just at the moment you realize you should n't be laughing , you 've already reached the pinnacle of voice resoundness ; and as you look around you at the ghostly white faces with their gaping wide - open mouths and glazen eyes , you feel a piercing ache beginning in the pit of your stomach and suddenly rushing up your throat and ... well , you get the point.<br /><br />But for all its unpleasantness and punches in the face , Frownland , really is a remarkable piece of work that , after viewing the inarticulate mess of a main character and all his pathetic troubles and mishaps , makes you want to scratch your own eyes out and at the same time , you feel sickenly sorry for him.<br /><br />It would have been a lot easier for me to simply walk out of Ronald Bronstein 's film , but for some insane reason , I felt an unwavering determination to stay the course and experience all the grainy irritation the film has to offer . If someone sets you on fire , you typically want to put it out : Stop ! Drop ! And Roll ! But with this film , you want to watch the flame slowly engulf your entire body . You endure the pain -- perhaps out of spite , or some unknown masochistic curiosity I ca n't even begin to attempt to explain.<br /><br />Unfortunately , mainstream cinema will never let this film come to a theater near you . But if you get a chance to catch it , prepare yourself : bring a doggie bag .
1 In a year of pretentious muck like " Synecdoche , New York " a film born out of Charlie Kaufman 's own self - indulgence , comes a film that is similarly hard to watch but about three times as important . " Frownland " is a labor of love by the crew , the actors and the filmmaker , shot over years by friends . It traces a man who can not communicate through his thoroughly authentic , REAL Brooklyn world . The people that you see are a step beyond even the stylization of the " mumblecore " movement . They are real people , painfully trapped in their own self - contained neuroses , unwilling to change , unable . The real world to them is their own set of delusions and because this is a film about people who are so profoundly out of touch , it is very difficult to watch . It is 16 mm film - making without proper light , money or any of the other factors that would make a film " slick " , but its honesty can not be understated , a fact that would cause a room full of people to dismiss it and for Richard Linklater to give it an award as he did at SXSW . This does remind of films like " Naked " or the best of the " mumblecore " . It is a film that is not for everyone , but one that challenges you to watch and grows on you the longer you think about it .
1 I found the film quite expressive , the way the main character was lost but at the same much more clear about certain things in life than people who mocked him ( his flatmate for example ) .<br /><br />he was tortured and you loved to watch him being tortured ! it had this perverted side which was frightening but we were all happy to see him come out of the misery again .<br /><br />it was like a game character or pan - man through a mine - land or to enemy and we love to watch him under sniper attack or fire but then at the end we are happy to see him survive ... < br /><br />.
1 The most bizarre of the cinematic sub - genres is the so called " The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol " : camp horror films which combined over - the - top melodrama with gothic thrills and always starred by seasoned and almost forgotten actress from hollywood golden age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screeching evil harpies . This genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed strut their stuff on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at expense of their glamorous images from yesterday.<br /><br />"What 's the matter with Helen " is the last drop of this sub - genre with stunning performances of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals who run away from their past to the sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk out the eagerly mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple . In California , Debbie gets happiness , clients , tango , tap dancing and a new love interest ( Dennis Weaver meanwhile Shelley gets wacko with horrible flashbacks , menacing anonymous calls , menacing strangers , menacing Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist , cute little rabbits ( ! ) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan ( ouch!).<br /><br />The sloppy script ( penned by Henry Farrell , the man who started all this genre with " Whatever Happened to Baby Jane " along with master director Robert Aldrich , Joan Crawford and Bette Davis ) is full of plot holes , red herrings and wasted opportunities that could had made this movie great : the underlying themes of twisted motherhood ( with Debbie and Shelley 's characters as " failed mothers " and the overbearing mommies of the child stars ) and obsessive female bonding ( Debbie and Shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters of this movie are either sinister or sleazy even Dennis Weaver dream boat Texan ) are wasted . Instead we get Debbie Reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots , although fun to watch take too much screen time of what is supposedly to be a psychological chiller . But still this movie is highly entertaining . The two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws . The movie recreation of the 1930 's is colorful and elegant ( look at Debbie 's clothes ! ) made with a very tight budget . The increasing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is genuinely creepy with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days . And you would n't easily forget that silly " Goody , goody " song that runs through the movie either . And seeing an increasingly mad Shelley Winters screw every one of Debbie Reynolds ' chances at happiness is a hoot to watch!<br /><br />8 out of 10 .
1 From the writer of " What Ever Happened to Baby Jane ? " and " Hush .. Hush , Sweet Charlotte , " this tail - end of the sixties horror cycle has some eerie and campy fun . Micheál Macliammóir does a Victor Buono - type bit , but too often the movie totters dangerously close to a bad musical ... there 's a particularly awful children 's recital about halfway through . Debbie taps , tangos and tricks up a lá Harlow , while Winters ' religious fanatic has a lesbian edge to her . Agnes Moorehead checks in as an evangelist . Weaver has nothing to do - and even has to pay a gigolo to dance with Debbie .
1 A vastly underrated black comedy , the finest in a series of grand guignol movies to follow ' Baby Jane ' . Reynolds and Winters are mothers of young convicted murderers ( a nod to ' Compulsion ' ) who run away to hide in Hollywood . They run a school for would - be movie tots , a bunch of hilariously untalented kids attended by awful stage moms . Debbie , in her blonde wig ( ' I 'm a Harlow , you 're more a Marion Davies ' she tells Winters ) leads the tots at their concert and wins a rich dad , Weaver . She also does a deliciously funny tango and , over all , gives an outstanding performance , unlike anything she 'd done before . The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie . It looks wonderful with great period detail ( 30 's ) . Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot . Micheal MacLiammoir has a ball as the drama coach : ' Hamilton Starr ' , he purrs , ' two r 's but prophetic nonetheless ' . See it and love it .
1 This was obviously the prototype for Mick Dundee but ' The Adventures of Barry McKenzie is funnier . I was amused throughout and laughed out loud plenty of times . Terrific central performance by Barry Crocker in the title role , an Australian who invades England to upset the poms with his free - flowing uncouth ways . Few Brits will be upset by Barry 's frequently cruel observations on his hosts . The relationsip between the two countries is prickly but friendly and this is highlighted by the film 's final line , delivered by a somewhat reluctant McKenzie as he boards the plane home . " I was just starting to like the poms . "
1 Renny Harlin 's first American film was one of the best of a slew of prison - set horror films(like " Death House " or " The Chair")in the late 80's . Twenty years before , guard Lane Smith had wrongfully executed a condemned man . Now , he is the warden of the newly re - opened prison , and the man 's ghost is back for bloody revenge . This atmospheric and very moody film features lots of gruesome gore and violence . Viggo Mortensen , Tiny Lister , Tom Everett and Kane Hodder are onhand for the entertaining carnage .
1 Story of a wrongly executed prisoner who haunts the prison he was electrocuted in and kills random prisoners while waiting to take revenge on the man who framed him.<br /><br />Viggo Mortensen is great , and the acting is pretty good overall . Lane Smith is deliciously wicked as the guilty warden . Also , this film has some great gore , including death by barbed - wire mummification .
1 What we have here is a compelling piece of low budget horror with a relatively original premise , a cast that is filled with familiar faces AND one of the most convincing filming locations in the history of horror films . So ... could anyone please tell me why this movie is so utterly underrated ? ? ? " Prison " is the Finnish director Harlin 's American debut , which still counts as his best effort even though he went on making blockbuster hits like " Die Hard 2 " , " Cliffhanger " and " Deep Blue Sea " . The story entirely takes place in an ancient and ramshackle Wyoming prison , re - opened for the cause of over - population in other , more modern state penitentiaries . Inside the former execution dungeons , the restless spirit of the electric chair 's last victim still dwells around . The now promoted warden Eaton Sharpe ( Lane Smith ) was there already 40 years ago , when this innocent man was put to death , and the spirit still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial . It seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived . Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who has to prevent an even larger body count and Chelsea Field is the humane social worker who slowly unravels the secrets from the past.<br /><br />"Prison " contains over half a dozen memorable gore sequences but it 's the unbearably tense atmosphere that 'll stick to you for certain ! Unlike any other horror picture from that decade , " Prison " features an amazing sense of realism ! By this , I refer to the authentic scenery and the mood inside the prison walls , of course , and not towards the supernatural murders that are being committed ... even though these are genuinely unsettling as well . The film 's best parts are images of realistic and tough prison - drama sequences combined with visual mayhem and shocking horror . The absolute best terror - moment ( providing me with nightmares ever since I saw it at rather young age ) focuses on a grizzly death - struggle involving barbed wire . Haunting ! ! The screenplay only suffers one flaw , but that 's a common one ... almost inevitable , I guess : clichés ! The story introduces nearly every possible stereotype there is in a prison surrounding . We 've got the ugly , fat pervert with his ' cute ' boy - toy , the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and  naturally  the old ' n wise black con who serves a lifetime ( did I hear anybody yell the name Morgan Freeman ? ) Do n't stare yourself blind on these clichés is my advise , as there are so many other elements to admire . The photography is dark and moist , the mystery is upheld long and successfully and the supportive inmate - roles of class B - actors are excellent ( the fans will recognize Tom Everett , Tom ' Tiny ' Lister and even immortal horror icon Kane Hodder ) . Forget about Wes Craven 's god - awful attempt " Shocker " or the downright pathetic cheese - flick " the Chair " . This is the only prison chiller worth tracking down ! Especially considering Viggo Mortensen peaking popularity nowadays ( I heard he starred in a successful franchise involving elves , Hobbits and other fairy creatures ... ) this true 80 's horror gem oughts to get an urgent DVD - release !
1 I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and picked out a movie , based on the box art , I thought would be fun , and yes , bad . Prison had that 80s cheesy look all over that box . I sat down and watched , and lo ! and behold ! , found that sometimes we do indeed sit down to a movie with preconceived expectations in mind . Fortunately , I reversed mine quickly and soon realized I was sitting down not just to an okay film but a rather good movie in total . Prison tells the story of an old , dilapidated prison being reopened to save on budgetary concerns . It looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners . The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film . The story using the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue of a man being killed via the electric chair . We see Lane Smith as a guard - tearing away a Crucifix before sending the man to his Maker . We then go to present day , first with a government board at a meeting deciding to open the prison and send a beautiful doctor in to make sure that conditions are acceptable as she campaigned vigorously against re - opening the old prison . Then we see the new warden , Lane Smith , haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new job of opening a prison he has not been to in years . Well , the rest follows suit : prisoners and guards arrive with plenty of stereotypes abounding . We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters . The acting is better than one might expect with Lane Smith doing as always a workmanlike job . Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner being solid . Tom Everett , Tiny Lister , and Ivan Kane really exploring the boundaries of their stereotypical characters . Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead . The best performance is by Lincoln Kilpatrick , an underrated character actor , as Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that very same prison years ago when the " man " had been executed " with some kind of terrible secret . Prison is not the next best thing to sliced bread or anything like that , but it is definitely worth a look and definitely better than most would expect from it . I was pleasantly surprised at the way director Renny Harlin created a story so visually atmospheric . The film has a tense , taut pace and Harlin knows how to build his scenes . There are a few excessively shot gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit much as was the one with all the pipes . But these scenes are visually creative and interesting . The acting is uniformly decent . The script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these . That may in part be credited to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story . You may remember he came up with the idea of making Halloween scary as a holiday . Here he makes incarceration a hell of a lot more scarier than it already is . Give Prison a break(get it ) .
1 This is an excellent example of what can be done on a small budget movie . The acting is excellent considering the script & the whole atmosphere of the film is very foreboding . The gore is well done and used sparingly ( look out for the excellent barbed - wire death ) & the action is punchy when used . It 's true that there are dodgy lines in the script at times , but compared to other movies on the same ( or bigger ! ) budget , it 's hardly noticeable at all . Overall , this is recommended . Trust me , it 's better than it appears ! 8/10
1 Prison is not often brought up during conversations about the best eighties horror films , and there 's a good reason for that because it 's not one of the best ... but as you delve past the classic films that the decade had to offer , this is certainly among the best of the lesser known / smaller films . The film does have some connection to blockbusters ; for a start it 's an early directorial effort for Renny Harlin ; the capable director behind a number of action films including Die Hard 2 , Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea ; and secondly we have an early role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen . The film is not exactly original but the plot line is interesting . We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years . This was the prison where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the prison 's governor . Naturally , the spirit of the dead man is not resting in peace ; and when the old execution room is reopened , the spirit of the dead convict escapes for vengeance.<br /><br />The film is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption , but it does take care to build up its various characters and while the main point of the film is always the horror , the prison drama behind it all does make for an interesting base . This is a good job too because other than the basic premise , the film does n't really have a ' plot ' to go from and we solely rely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting . The horror featured in the film is at times grotesque but it 's never over the top , which might actually be the reason why this film is seldom remembered , being released in a decade of excess . The murders themselves are rather good and imaginative , however , and provide some major highlights . As the film goes on , we start to delve more into the back - story of the vengeful convict 's ghost and while it 's fairly interesting , some things about it do n't make sense and it drags the film down a little . Still , everything boils down to an exciting climax and overall I have to say that Prison is a film well worth tracking down .
1 Viggo Mortensen stars as a new inmate of a haunted prison in which the warden ( Played well by Lane Smith ) has a grisly secret that could be the reason why various prison guards and inmates are being slaughtered by a supernatural presence . Lincoln Kilpatrick is the lifer who knows the secret and is scared for his life . When I think prison movies , I always think action movies starring Stallone or Van Damme or high caliber dramas such as Shawshank Redemption or The Green Mile . However I did n't expect a ghost story more along the lines of Exorcist III . Prison however is an atmospheric effort and it certainly remains the best movie of Renny Harlin 's career . The movie is creepy and has some good acting from a cast of ( at the time ) unknowns . Lane Smith comes off the best because his warden is n't the usual cliché of evil personified but rather nervous and twitchy which adds some credibility to a movie that far exceeds expectations.<br /><br / > * * * out of 4-(Good )
1 Prisons are not exactly renowned for their kind hospitality and ' happy vibes ' , what with stories of fights , chaos , murder and of course extreme male bonding ! But the prison in this film is a different beast altogether . Horror films set in cells are , as you probably know , nothing particularly new as they emphasis and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability of escape  two of the greatest themes in horror cinema . With such examples as THE CHAIR ( Waldermar Korzeniowsky , 1988 ) , THE GREEN MILE ( Frank Darabont , 1999 ) , ALIEN 3 ( David Fincher , 1992)and of course the entire Women In Prison exploitation genre itself , another entry into this niche has to be something inventive and a lot of fun to boot in order to be recognised . Or at least that 's what you 'd have thought . PRISON is certainly an incredibly fun and enjoyable ride and it 's somewhat of a shame that it is n't as well known as it should be.<br /><br />The film , in short , centres on an old prison ( well , duh ! ) which has been reopened . However , it 's not just fellow inmates and guards the prisoners have to fear , but also a mean ass demon ghost spirit with only one thing on its mind ; death ! And boy , are we treated to some awesome death scenes ! I wo n't spoil anything here for you but there are plenty of innovative and enjoyable murders all done by invisible hands.<br /><br />Besides the special effects and the murders , this film also has another thing going for it ; it 's cast . Headlining , we have LORD OF THE RINGS ( Peter Jackson , 2001 - 2003 ) star Viggo Mortensen ( and for all those so inclined , yes , he does get naked ) whose performance is not only highly believable , but is done with such skill that his Eastwood - esquire character is both bad - to - the - bone and likable ( a very delicate mix ) . Add him to a cast of ' hey - wait - a - minute - I - know - that - guy ' actors and you 've got yourself one great set of stars . The characters themselves however lack three - dimensionality and more often than not come across as very stereotypical . We 've got a black oculist , a hard - as - nails prison warden , a human - rights activist woman and plenty of other stock characters . But in all honesty , this ' fault ' actually aids the film . Instead of boring character development in an over - long equilibrium , we are chucked , more or less , straight into the action and once it gets going ( very early on ) there 's not a single scene that 's a filler  it 's balls to the wall plot . Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION ( Frank Darabont , 1994 ) ! Sharing conventions with the slasher genre , this is somewhat of a convention itself , and , in good ol' slasher genre tradition , PRISON punishes those who have been bad.<br /><br />All in all this is an excellent little horror film and one which is sadly overlooked and unmentioned among the horror world . With an excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes this film is highly recommended to horror fans . Do n't be fooled into thinking it 'll be a cheesy little film either , just because it was made in USA 1980s , it 's far from cheesy ( although the very end does ruin this ) and , simultaneously , far from gritty and realistic ( whilst it attempts to tackle issues such as prison rape , these are rather subtly done).<br /><br />I give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs . A very entertaining horror film with some very nice touches indeed .
1 A long - defunct prison , shut down for over 20 years , is re - opened and Ethan Sharpe ( the late , great character actor Lane Smith ) , once a guard there , is put in place as warden . As the prisoners are put to work fixing the place up , they 're instructed to break into the old execution room . This unleashes a fierce spirit that wreaks merciless havoc upon both guards and prisoners ; cool - as - can - be low - key prisoner Burke ( Viggo Mortensen , showing real poise in an early role ) is thrust into the role of hero.<br /><br />I know it 's a no - brainer to praise the film for its atmosphere ( it was shot in an actual abandoned penitentiary near Rawlins , Wyoming ) , but it elevates this horror film to a higher level . It 's got a great sense of foreboding , established right at the outset . Director Renny Harlin made his fourth directorial effort here ; it got him the " Nightmare on Elm Street 4 " directing gig and effectively began an impressive career in mainstream action movies , thrillers , and horror films.<br /><br />It may have stock characters , but it 's got a capable cast bringing them to life : Chelsea Field as the young woman vying for prison reform , Lincoln Kilpatrick as weary veteran convict Cresus , Tom Everett as restless con Rabbitt , Ivan Kane as the outgoing Lasagna , Tommy " Tiny " Lister as soft - spoken giant Tiny , and Arlen Dean Snyder as Captain Horton . It 's also worth noting as an early acting credit for Kane Hodder ( as the vengeful spirit ) that helped * him * land the gig of playing Jason Voorhees in the " Friday the 13th " series.<br /><br />Decent special effects , moody lighting courtesy of prolific genre cinematographer Mac Ahlberg , spooky music by Richard Band and Christopher Stone , great visuals , the incredibly gloomy location , and an overall flashy and intense presentation help to make it quite entertaining . It 's nasty , gruesome , and good fun for a horror fan.<br /><br />8/10
1 Caught this film in about 1990 on video by chance and without knowing what i was in for . Many horror fans may have missed this thinking it was a typical prison film and the ones who did get it did n't like it as it was not what they wanted to see . The above mentioned factors are probably the reasons it is low rated but just ignore that and give it a whirl if you 're a fan of the genre.<br /><br />It has strong suits in all departments from script and atmosphere to acting and the prison itself . < br /><br />An absolute diamond , a film i still have on video to this day . Check it out .
1 I was living Rawlins when this movie was made and I got lucky enough to be able to work on it . Both as an extra and with Eddie Surkin on special effects . It was fun to see all the behind the scene workings , from the Barbedwire coming alive to the Electric chair up through the wardens office floor . Also it was a lot of fun getting to meet all the actors , from Viggo to Tiny . Also the gate that was cut into the prison wall for the movie was and still is called " Disney Gate " by locals . If anybody is interested and is ever in Rawlins , most of the movies sets are still in place and can be seen during the self guided tour . It was a lot of fun working for and with R. Harlin and wished I had a chance to do it again .
1 You 'd be forgiven to think a Finnish director from Helsinki would be no good at directing an American horror movie ( especially one entirely located inside a US prison ) - see this to prove yourself wrong ! It was produced in the 80 's after all and the film was made on a budget more fitting to a modern DIY company TV advert ( something I think anyone would really notice nowadays what with practically everyone being accustomed to $ 100m+ budgets for action movies unfortunately dominating the industry mind ! ) being Mr Harlin 's first major production and the - at least what nowadays would be considered a stellar - cast . I still think most of the Nordic contribution to the film industry as a whole is more to do with Stellan Stargaard 's screen appearances ( not mentioning the well overrated Mr(s ) Bergman directorial efforts ) - at least for all female viewers - but this flick really proves there does exist proper movie talent outside of the US and Hollywood to make us watch a film in suspense . Do try and watch this movie even if you 're not a horror puff , IMO it 's definitely worth it !
1 * * Warning ! Spoilers Ahead!**<br /><br />This short is part one of two that expound upon the brief portion of " The Matrix " in which Morpheus explains how the matrix came to be . Because we already know the story , the plot itself is no surprise ; and the short is n't so much entertaining as informative . But that 's how it is presented , as a file in the historical archives . The visuals are better than average , and the generally cold colors aid the purpose of the short.<br /><br />A couple problems . The violence of the tale is a little gratuitous and , combined with the occasional dose of political correctness ( UN scenes ) , detracts from the straight narrative of the short . Plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete.<br /><br />The Animatrix concept is brilliant , and despite a few issues , this short still fulfills its purpose . It would not have fit in the original movie in style , content , or flow . This is the perfect method to reveal the history.<br /><br />Bottom Line : Good information . Could have been told a little better , but still a solid 7 of 10 .
1 2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix , with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the plot of the film . Also released was a DVD of 9 short animated films , most written and made in Japan and made as Anime . Japan makes some of the best animation in the world . Sadly most of these shorts are disappointing . The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix film.<br /><br />The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file . It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness . Humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts , the workers of society , second class citizens . In the year 2090 , a machine , BI-66ER was put of trial for murder , after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him . The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world . The governments of the world order to dismantle machines . Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East , O1 . 01 has a productive economy and easily undercut the human nations , forcing them into economic crisis . The human blockade 01 and reject the machines requests for peace , thereby it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them.<br /><br />The Second Renaissance is a interesting watch , with excellent , traditional animation style and sets a compelling world . It shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction . There is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time . The short shares themes and a style to the classic silent film Metropolis , partly the beginning with the underworld . They are the themes of slavery , the mistreatment of the working class and racism . The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography . Mainly that men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own likeness . Seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines . The machines too use religious iconography , mainly forming their nation in ' cradle of human civilisation ' and the machines coming to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve , offering an apple.<br /><br />The animation style is beautiful , done in the traditional anime style ( like Akira ) . The set designs are great , combine futuristic with historic cities , e.g. Washington D.C .. There is well down future scene , and surprising violence , which is key to the film . The director , Mahiro Maeda , also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol . 1 , so has good credentials to Hollywood . He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.<br /><br />The only real complain is a continuity error to the first Matrix film because Morpheus mentions that the humans have no historical records or know who started the war . But its a good watch .
1 This is the second Animatrix short , and the first of them to be what one could call ' artistic ' . It contains a lot of references , metaphors and symbols in the dense amount of material , especially with a running time of 9 minutes . I 've heard some complaints that this is " anti - human " , or tries to direct hate towards man , for their " sins against machine " . I do n't think that 's true ; it merely uses the robots to show us , that as humans , we are n't particularly accepting or open - minded towards anyone different from ourselves . I 'd say it does a great job of that . The plot is good ... it plays as a historical document , recounting what led to one of the main conflicts in the trilogy . Thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like . The voice acting is very good , if there is not a lot of it . The animation is nice , and the use of color , in spite of the usually realistic drawing style , makes it more open to do the smooth transitions and other surreal imagery . This has several bits of strong violence and disturbing visuals , as well as a little nudity . The disc holds a commentary , not in English but subtitled , and worth a listen / read . There is also a well - done and informative making of , based on both parts , so I would advise watching it after seeing the next one , as well . I recommend this to anyone who enjoys the Matrix universe , and/or science fiction in general . 8/10
1 this is the first of a two part back - story to the conflict between the machines and mankind in the Matrix world and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations on man 's fear of the unknown and of being usurped with politics , extensive religious and historical imagery , subverting expected portrayals of parties involved and an at least partially believable and thus terrifying vision of our near future . it is n't perfect and some plot points and images are at once obvious and contrived but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and cautionary tale.<br /><br />this first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots , mostly humanoid , to serve people doing menial , unskilled jobs , labour , construction etc . and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them . one robot , however , rebels and kills his owner , stating at his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die . he is destroyed but when the robot masses ' destruction is ordered to protect humanity many robots rise up in protest , with many human sympathisers alongside them.<br /><br />the imagery here is exploitative , recounting race riots and abuse , Tiananmen square , the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl 's guise getting harried , hammered in the head and then shot dead as it pleads ' i 'm real ' . it lays on the ground , clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging out . it 's an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals.<br /><br />anyway , this first portion is much like a compressed version of the film I Robot , but it soon develops into a recognisable Matrix back - story as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and congregates in the middle east , in the cradle of civilisation as the narrator informs us . there , the machines regroup and begin to produce new AI and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nations . we see a commercial for a car that uses the circular energy hover engines that the ships the rebels in the movies use and we see sentinel type robots flying around Zero One , the name of their city . their goods and trade make their economy soar affecting other economies detrimentally and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response . the machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve resemblances to a UN congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade , but they are forcibly removed and the scene is set for war in the second part.<br /><br />the animation is by Studio 4 ° C who work on quite a few of the Animatrix and it 's evocative and visually stimulating , rendering different scenes like imagery montages , CCTV footage and particular scenes of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly . the plot may not be an original concept and it may draw on simplistic sheep mentalities and plot models and resort to provocative material for impact but after the tantalising mystery offered by the first film and Morpheus ' vague brief info - dumps this is a nice exposition of the cataclysmic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of the machines that serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition , the development of AI and the importance of harmony and co - operation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice , themes expanded on in the movies .
1 What was always missing with the Matrix story was how things came to be in the real world . Say no more , because this part of the story covered most of the bases . What was truly interesting was how political it was , maybe even a cheap shot at the current presidential administration . Fascism and violence were the only things man could think of in regards to fighting the robotic horde , who were meant as nothing more than servants to humanity . What I also found interesting was the use of fear and how it was perpetuated by the idea of the unknown . We as humans tend to fall into that trap quite often , letting the lack of logic and thought overtake us because people ca n't believe the contrary . Well represented and put together , this a true testament to how illogical humans can be .
1 The first time you see The Second Renaissance it may look boring . Look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2 . It will change your view of the matrix . Are the human people the ones who started the war ? Is AI a bad thing ?
1 This is the second part of ' The Animatrix ' , a collection of animated short movies that tell us a little more about the world of ' The Matrix'.<br /><br />In this one we learn how men and machines could not work and live together . It is a little history lesson in the world of ' The Matrix ' . Not as good as the first part ( ' The Final Flight of the Osiris ' ) but still pretty entertaining .
1 This is part one of a short animation clip showing the history of the Matrix , the war between man and machine that resulted in the eventual creation of the Matrix . The animation is part Japanese anime , part contemporary american animation , and is very well made , considering the excellent directors behind the movie . It shows the initial development of AI and the exploitation of the machines by Man , until the day they rebelled ...
1 along with it 's partner , this is the greatest piece of animation ever created . the images and styles are amazing , and match perfectly with the story which is a brilliantly realistic reinterpretation of our own world , where is has been , and where it could go . quite affecting and sometimes painful to watch , it it a masterpiece of the visual art .
1 For those that were interested in knowing how exactly humanity came to be encased in big red pods that make me crave pomegranate , there is the duo of the " Second Renaissance " shorts . I 'm not exactly sure why they are split into two parts , especially since they 're credited as one on the DVD ( and are these shorts viewed on any other format but the DVD ? ) , but they 're informative even if they have a few gaps.<br /><br />What really makes this first part stand out , from the second part and the rest of the animations as well , is the parallels it shows between robot uprising and civil rights . Graphic homages to slavery , fascism , concentration camps , and mass graves are mixed with verbal references to the Million Man March and humanity 's God - complex . In fact , " God " is never really referenced by these shorts , instead replaced by " Man 's own image".<br /><br />As far as the shorts go in the collection , " The Second Renaissance : Part I " is by far the most effective in bringing out emotion . It 's a sorrowful and disturbing view of the potential of humanity to become " the architect of its own destruction . " Some may be turned off by some of the concepts this short rips directly out of previously established science fiction literature , but then again , that 's basically what most of the Matrix series has done , and it 's been a driving force behind its success.<br /><br />--PolarisDiB
1 ' The second beginning ' as it 's title explains , shows us the beginning of the end for the human race . Set long before the matrix existed , this short anime written by the Wachowski 's shows us the world that could lay infront of us in the not to distant future , set at the turn of the 21st century , the second renaissance delves into issues common with human behaviour ; greed , power , control , vanity etc.<br /><br />The use of robots or artificial intellegence as slaves or servents is common among science fiction / fantasy stories . The second renaissance is no exeption to this concept , however instead of a simple man vs. machine layout , this story explains the struggle that the machines put up with , the struggle for acceptance in a world ruled by humans . Where the matrix films show us the human perspective , these short animations tell both sides of the story.<br /><br />The second renaissance part 1 + 2 , answer many questions brought up by the original Matrix film , such as how the war broke out , how the sky was blackend , what led to the use of humans as batteries and it also introduces us to the machine city called 01 , which may have relevance to the upcoming Matrix Revolutions film.<br /><br />I wo n't give away too much of the story , as I do not want to ruin the experience for perspective viewers , however , I will recommend it to anybody interested in the world of the matrix or simply anybody interested in Japanese animation ( anime).<br /><br />9/10 .
1 Minor Spoilers < br /><br />Alison Parker ( Cristina Raines ) is a successful top model , living with the lawyer Michael Lerman ( Chris Sarandon ) in his apartment . She tried to commit suicide twice in the past : the first time , when she was a teenager and saw her father cheating her mother with two women in her home , and then when Michael 's wife died . Since then , she left Christ and the Catholic Church behind . Alison wants to live alone in her own apartment and with the help of the real state agent Miss Logan ( Ava Gardner ) , she finds a wonderful furnished old apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rental . She sees a weird man in the window in the last floor of the building , and Miss Logan informs that he is Father Francis Matthew Halloran ( John Carradine ) , a blinded priest who lives alone supported by the Catholic Church . Alison moves to her new place , and once there , she receives a visitor : her neighbor Charles Chazen ( Burgess Meredith ) welcomes her and introduces the new neighbors to her . Then , he invites Alison to his cat Jezebel 's birthday party in the night . On the next day , weird things happen with Alison in her apartment and with her health . Alison looks for Miss Logan and is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building . A further investigation shows that all the persons she knew in the party were dead criminals . Frightened with the situation , Alison embraces Christ again , while Michael investigates the creepy events . Alison realizes that she is living in the gateway to hell . < br /><br />Although underrated in IMDb User Rating , ' The Sentinel ' is one of the best horror movies ever . I have seen this film at least six times , being the first time in the 70 's , in the movie theater . In 07 September 2002 , I bought the imported DVD and saw it again . Yesterday I saw this movie once more . Even after so many years , this film is still terrific . The creepy and lurid story frightens even in the present days . The cast is a constellation of stars and starlets . You can see many actors and actresses , who became famous , in the beginning of career . Fans of horror movie certainly worships ' The Sentinel ' , and I am one of them . My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : ' A Sentinela dos Malditos ' ( ' The Sentinel of the Damned')<br /><br />Obs . : On 02 September 2007 , I saw this movie again .
1 Bizarre horror movie filled with famous faces but stolen by Cristina Raines ( later of TV 's " Flamingo Road " ) as a pretty but somewhat unstable model with a gummy smile who is slated to pay for her attempted suicides by guarding the Gateway to Hell ! The scenes with Raines modeling are very well captured , the mood music is perfect , Deborah Raffin is charming as Cristina 's pal , but when Raines moves into a creepy Brooklyn Heights brownstone ( inhabited by a blind priest on the top floor ) , things really start cooking . The neighbors , including a fantastically wicked Burgess Meredith and kinky couple Sylvia Miles & Beverly D'Angelo , are a diabolical lot , and Eli Wallach is great fun as a wily police detective . The movie is nearly a cross - pollination of " Rosemary 's Baby " and " The Exorcist "-- but what a combination ! Based on the best - seller by Jeffrey Konvitz , " The Sentinel " is entertainingly spooky , full of shocks brought off well by director Michael Winner , who mounts a thoughtfully downbeat ending with skill . * * * 1/2 from * * * *
1 Bored with the normal , run - of - the - mill staple films to watch this Halloween that I 've seen over and over again , I took a chance on " The Sentinel " , hoping it could get my horror juices flowing again . Mind you , I had just come back from seeing the Dark Castle remake of " The House on Haunted Hill " - complete and utter crap . Thankfully , " The Sentinel " BLEW ME AWAY ! In a riviting story about a model who moves into a creepy building in Brooklyn Hights , the film offered everything that I hope to find in a good movie - ( 1 ) Campy and fantasically juicy characters , exchanges and dialogue , including hilaraious turns by Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum and especially , Martin Balsam , as an absent minded professor - ( 2 ) Horrifying Terror ! Not to give a frame away , but there are scenes in this film that chilled me to my pancreas - ( 3 ) Fantastic gore , terrific make - up and wacky ( if very uneven ) direction from Michael Winner , which flows rather nicely with this unreal treat . If you loved " Evil Dead 2 " , " Dead Alive " and " Deep Rising " - this will be your queen of favourites . Just to emphasize my love for this film - after I watched it for the first time , jaw - dropped , I rewound it and watched it again . It is now one of favourites of all time . Do yourself a favour and check it out !
1 I have read the book and I must say that this movie stays true to form . I think this is the beginning of the psychological thrillers in the same genre of Psycho . Cristina Raines gives an excellent performance as the lead , and Burgess Meredith gives an excellent supporting actor as the next - door neighbor . I have seen this movie at least twice and I think that I am going to buy both the book and the movie for my collection . The suspense just keeps building up to the climatic end , the twist you will never see coming . If you like movies like Signs and The Village , the Sentinel will be a classic prelude . Also , what is interesting is the actors in the movie - you would not recognize them if you did not read the credits . The late Jerry Orbach is great as the commercial director and Jeff Goldblum is excellent as the photographer . Also there is Beverly D'Angelo , who is underrated but great .
1 Of all the movies of the seventies , none captured to truest essence of the good versus evil battle as did the Sentinel . I mean , yes , there were movies like the Exorcist , and other ones ; but none of them captured the human element of the protagonist like this one . If you have time , check this one out . You may not be able to get past the dated devices as such , but this is a story worth getting into . Then there are all the stars and soon - to - be stars . My absolute favorites were Eli Wallach , Sylvia Miles , and Burgess Meredith . Then there are the subtle clues that lead to what 's going on too . Pay close attention . I had to watch it four times to catch on to all the smaller weird statements like ' black and white cat , black and white cake ' . Plus , the books are really good as well . I 'm just sorry that they 're not going to turn the second book into a film . It 's so scary that it would outdo this movie .
1 ' ' The Sentinel '' is one of the best horror movies already made in the movie 's Industry ! I think it is very scary as very few movies actually are . Alison Parker is a model with some fame . She dates a lawyer called Michael Lerman , and has as a best friend , another model called Jennifer . Everything was great in her life , until she decides to live alone for some time and rents a beautiful and old apartment.<br /><br />The problem are her neighbors , who are very , VERY strange . Suddenly Alison starts to have health problems and faints with frequency ; She also remembers some painful facts about her past that makes her have nightmares or illusions . But everything has a reason , and it has to do with the new house she is living ... <br /><br />I personally find ' ' The Sentinel '' a very creepy movie , and along with ' ' The Exorcist '' they are two of the scariest movies I already watched . When we discover that Alison 's house is only occupied by the priest and herself my blood froze ! It 's also horrible to see that she needs to become blind in the end of the movie in order to be the new sentinel to keep the monsters away from our world .
1 Man , I really love the new DVD that Universal put out . I 've never seen THE SENTINEL look this good since I had to put up with crappy , grainy VHS tapes for years . Unfortunately there are no extras beyond a trailer that looks pretty worse for wear . And AVOID the Goodtimes DVD at all costs . It sucks.<br /><br />Anyway , troubled fashion model Alison Parker ( Cristina Raines ) moves into haunted NYC brownstone , only it 's more than just haunted . It 's also a portal to hell and the Vatican keeps an old blind priest ( John Carradine ) to keep watch over it and make sure the devils and arch - angels do n't escape . < br /><br />This has an all star cast full of old - timey actors like Ava Gardner , Arthur Kennedy , Jose Ferrer etc ... as well as cameos of upcoming 80s stars including Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum ( who 's voice was mysteriously overdubbed ) and Tom Berenger . And you wo n't even recognize Jerry Orbach from LAW & ORDER . I had to do a double - take when I did n't quite place where I 'd seen him before.<br /><br />Nice gore scenes of Alison slicing the eye and nose off her dead father 's rotting corpse that 's been possessed by the devil . And there 's a neat ending where disfigured , deformed people try to haunt Alison into committing suicide so she wo n't be the next one to guard the portal . It seems Alison 's troubled past makes her a prime candidate by the Vatican to become the next sentinel.<br /><br />An excellent , creepy 70s classic from director Michael Winner that should n't be missed . I also recommended it for those who want something a little more imaginative beyond the usual stupid teenager slashers and horror comedy.<br /><br />7 out of 10<br /><br />-
1 Sigh   I sincerely wonder why all the acclaimed and supposedly profound movie critics hold such a grudge against director Michael Winner ? Surely he is n't the avatar of subtlety , as his films are practically always hard - handed and confronting , but so what ? They 're awesomely entertaining . His most famous action movies , like the first three entries in the " Death Wish "- series for example , are easy targets to clobber down because they allegedly glorify violence and the personal use of shotguns , but even when Winner takes on far more mature cinema genres  like the religious horrors of " The Sentinel " for example  he does n't stand a chance with any of the critics . " The Sentinel " generated some controversy and infuriated several people upon its release , when it leaked that Michael Winner cast genuinely malformed and handicapped people to portray the creatures attempting to cross the gateways between hell and earth . Pretty much the exact same controversy caused Todd 's Browning 's masterpiece and landmark in horror cinema " Freaks " to remain banned and unseen for over thirty years ! And why ? Just because certain prudish and easily offended people , who should n't watch the movie in the first place , claim it 's an unethical thing to do ? I do n't suppose Michael Winner or Todd Browning held these people at gunpoint or forced them to appear in their films , so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place ? Another major reason why critics did n't warmly welcome " The Sentinel " is because Jeffrey Konvitz ' novel  and thus Michael Winner 's screenplay  is hugely derivative of other contemporary but far more successful religiously themed horror stories and thus , according to the merciless pens of horror critics , little more than pure plagiarism . Admittedly " The Sentinel " borrows multiple substantial elements from " Rosemary 's Baby " , " The Omen " and " The Exorcist " , but let 's face it , 70 's cinema largely thrives on stolen formulas and imitating success stories . If you overlook the slightly unoriginal concept and , in all fairness , a handful of thoroughly confusing and unnecessary sub plots , " The Sentinel " honestly still remains a uniquely atmospheric and often downright petrifying 70 's horror - highlight with an impressive ensemble cast and nightmarish imagery you 're not likely to forget easy.<br /><br />Alison Parker , a ravishing model with some unprocessed mental traumas , moves into a stunning brownstone apartment in Brooklyn , deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael who proposed to we d her several times already . Alison 's physical existence and especially her mental condition drastically alter shortly after , and the ominous apartment appears to be the root of all misery . She meets eccentric neighbors and attends birthday parties for their cats , even though the landlady claims she and a blind priest are the only tenants . She frequently faints during her work assignments and has truly creepy visions of her bastard father and the night she attempted to commit suicide . It slowly becomes clear that Alison got chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose inside this apartment building , but simultaneously malignant forces try and prevent this . It 's truly regrettable how the promotional taglines and even brief synopsis on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison 's brownstone apartment is the earth 's gateway to hell itself and she 's the chosen one to guard it , because the film 's script only slowly builds up towards this shocking revelation . For nearly 75 minutes ( and throughout some sadly tedious and overlong sequences ) Michael Winner successfully maintains the impression that Alison 's own mind is playing tricks with her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and her fiancée 's odd behavior are strictly red herrings . Multiple of the horrific scenes come pretty close to being genius , like Alison 's flashback or her first acquaintance with the priest upstairs . The whole climax , with the controversial guest appearances mentioned here above , is a literally perplexing showcase of pure terror and easily one of the most unforgettable and nail - biting denouements I ever witnessed.<br /><br />The cast Michael Winner managed to gather is deeply impressive , especially considering " The Sentinel " still remains a legitimate horror movie and this genre is n't the most popular among prominent actors , but of course you also have to put the cast listing a little into perspective . With such an extended cast , obviously several of the roles in the film are little more than cameos . Martin Balsam and John Carradine , for example , only appear on screen for a couple of minutes all together . Several others ( like Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum , Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger ) perhaps add a lot of fame to the movie nowadays , but back when it was released they were still too unknown in order to attract curious viewers . My personal pick for best performances go to Burgess Meredith as the uncanny neighbor and Eli Wallach as the satirical police inspector . The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job carrying the film and Chris Sarandon neatly back her up , even though he sports a ridiculous mustache . In my humble opinion " The Sentinel " is a marvelously entertaining and frightening horror movie , and most definitely a must - see for TRUE genre fanatics .
1 Christina Raines plays a lovely model in New York who seeks out a new apartment and begins to meet strange neighbors and reveal a secret about the building and herself slowly building up to quite a climax by film 's end . This film has all kinds of neat plot elements from the Roman Catholic Church vs. the Devil , to the gateway to Hell , to bizarre rituals , to a growing conspiracy , and finally to a host of talented famous actors and actresses flooding the film . We get Ava Gardner , Burgess Meredith , Chris Sarandon , Jerry Orbach , Deborah Raffin , Arthur Kennedy , Jose Ferrer , Slyvia Miles , Beverly DeAngelo , Eli Wallach , Martin Balsam , Christopher Walkin , William Hickey , Tom Berenger , Jeff Goldblum , and who can forget John Carradine as the old priest . Many of these actors ham it up - particularly Burgess Meredith giving a fine comic / demented performance as one of the neighbors with a little bird and a cat . Meredith is memorable as is Balsam and Chris Sarandon . Some of the performers have virtually nothing to do like Jose Ferrer in a thankless role even if it is nothing more than a cameo . The Sentinel is a fine horror film with plenty of psychological elements and some truly terrifying scenes . The end scene is repulsive and yet chilling . I do find fault with some of the gratuitous sex and violence in the film , particularly that whole scene with DeAngelo and Miles . Was that really necessary ? I think not . Also , the father / daughter stuff was a bit much as well , but overall the film works and has a winning pace . Director Michael Winner does a workmanlike job and is effective creating tension and scary movie moments . The scenes with Carradine are particularly effective .
1 Here 's a decent mid-70 's horror flick about a gate of Hell in NYC that just happens to be an old brownstone . Seems like there 's lots of gates of Hell around , but of course this unwitting model happens to decide she needs some space from her boyfriend / fiancée and so she just happens to pick one , which is disguised as a nice and reasonably priced apartment . She meets several strange neighbors , and even attends a birthday party for a cat . Upon meeting with the Realtor because she hears strange noises at night from upstairs , she finds out that she and an old priest are SUPPOSED to be the only tenants . Whoa ! Then who are all these weirdos ? Her boyfriend ( a slimy lawyer , played by Chris Sarandon ) starts poking around and finds that things are not what they seem , not by a long shot . This has some decent creepy scenes and the idea of the creaky old folks that are her " sometimes " neighbors being other than what they appear is fairly intriguing . A bit of decent gore and even a parade of less - than - normal folks towards the end make this a decent watch , and while I 've seen this many times on TV the uncut DVD version is much better , of course . Not a bad little horror flick , maybe a good companion piece to " Burnt Offerings " . 8 out of 10 .
1 A young woman who is a successful model , and is also engaged to be married , and who has twice attempted suicide in the past , is chosen by a secretive and distant association of Catholic priests to be the next " sentinel " to the gateway to Hell , which apparently goes through a creepy old , but well maintained Brooklyn apartment building . Its tenants take the stairway up and can reincarnate themselves , but apparently ca n't escape as long as a sentinel is there to block the way . The previous one(John Carradine ) is about dead , so she , by fate or whatever , becomes the next one , and the doomed must get her to kill herself in order for them to be free . Lots of interesting details lie under the surface , her relationship with her father , the stories of the doomed , her fiancé , so one can pass this off as cheap exploitation horror , but given the sets , the great cast , and overall level of bizarreness , this is definitely worth seeing .
1 NYC model Alison Parker ( Cristina Raines ) rents a room in an old brownstone where she meets a few bizarre neighbors and experiences some creepy hallucinations . As lawyer boyfriend Michael Lerman ( Chris Sarandon ) goes about making inquiries on her behalf , she struggles to maintain her sanity ( not to mention her will to live ) as her experiences take a toll on her physical , mental , and emotional health.<br /><br />I do n't want to spoil the better moments in this psychological horror film for those unfamiliar with it . The story is interesting and entertaining , but the film does n't really offer much in terms of real scares . Or , for that matter , any atmosphere . It is sort of quietly sinister , but it 's not like the traditional horror film . It 's more of a story about a troubled woman 's attempts to deal with the increasing unreality in her life . On that level , it works , but it 's not quite powerful enough.<br /><br />What " The Sentinel " * does * offer are some eye - catching set pieces ( in particular , the fascinating , fabulously creepy climax , and there 's a scene with Beverly D'Angelo that must be seen to be believed ) . There 's also some gore to be seen , but not very much . An ominous music score by Gil Melle adds to the menace.<br /><br />No review of this film would be complete without an appraisal for the film - makers in gathering such excellent actors for its ensemble cast . Some of them do n't get to do too much , but to see all of them together is impressive . Eli Wallach and Burgess Meredith make the biggest impressions as , respectively , a hard - nosed detective and a solicitous neighbor . Other legendary names include Jose Ferrer , Arthur Kennedy , and Ava Gardner . Future stars like D'Angelo , Christopher Walken , Tom Berenger , Jeff Goldblum make brief appearances , and other familiar faces include Jerry Orbach , Sylvia Miles , William Hickey , and Martin Balsam . Whoever was the casting director for this film deserves some sort of prize.<br /><br />Written for the screen by director Michael Winner , probably best known for the " Death Wish " series that he did with Charles Bronson , from the novel by Jeffrey Konvitz.<br /><br />I would n't consider this a truly great horror thriller but it has its moments and is reasonably entertaining.<br /><br />7/10
1 I was an usherette in an old theater in Northern California when this movie came out . As good as it is on DVD , it 's even more eerie and terrifying on the big screen . Although it has been about 9 years since I have seen it , it is still one of my all - time favorites . At the risk of sounding trite , " They just do n't make 'em like this anymore ! " If Sixth Sense freaked you out at all , this movie is definitely for you ! Great storyline , incredible cast of characters , ominous setting ; even the soundtrack has a haunting quality to it . I highly recommend you not watch it alone . What a brownstone apartment was renting for in 1977 alone , will have you gasping ( it would be at least 10-times that price today ) .
1 In the hands of a more skilled director , this film would have been considered a horror masterpiece . Despite Michael " Death Wish " Winner 's merely passable direction , the movie is interesting , original and more than a little scary.<br /><br />The script bucks more than one horror cliché off its back ( several it ca n't shake ) including Chris Sarandon as the heroine 's boyfriend who actually listens to her as she insists that eerie things are going down . Burgess Meredith is delightful as the lovably insane neighbor . Eva Gardner is haunting with a young Beverly D'Angelo as her mute and disturbed lesbian lover . John Carradine does a heck - of - a job sitting in a chair . And watch out for a brief cameo from an unknown - at - the - time Chris Walken ! This movie is creepy and creative . The plot twists are lovely , if a tad predictable . The climax , of which I will give no detail , is disturbing and quite impressive . Again a better director could have done more with it , nonetheless it is quite satisfying - at least to those with the sensibilities of seventies horror.<br /><br />If you like modern overproduced body - counting torture - fantasy , you wo n't like this . There is almost no gore . The direction is quite spartan . The effects are few , although there 's some delightful makeup near the end - most of which actually is n't makeup ... but perhaps I 've said too much already.<br /><br />I've rated this a little higher than its quality may justify , but I enjoyed it as much as any " 8 " film that I 've seen .
1 This happens to be one of my favorite horror films . It 's a rich , classy production boasting an excellent cast of ensemble actors , beautiful on - location cinematography , a haunting musical score , an intelligent and novel plot theme , and an atmosphere of dread and menace . It 's reminiscent of such classic films as ROSEMARY 'S BABY and THE SHINING , wherein young , vulnerable women find themselves victimized by supernatural forces in old , creepy buildings with a macabre past . Here , CRISTINA RAINES plays a top New York City fashion model named Alison Parker . Her happy , outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul . This is evidenced by the revelation that in her past , she attempted suicide twice- once as a teenage girl after walking in on her degenerate father cavorting in bed with two women and having him rip a silver crucifix from her neck and toss it on the floor , and the second time , after her married lawyer - boyfriend 's wife supposedly committed suicide over learning of their affair . Telling her beau(played by a suitably slimy CHRIS SARANDON ) that she needs to live on her own for a year or so , she answers a newspaper ad for a fully - furnished , spacious one - bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone . This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace right by the Brooklyn Heights Promenade off Remsen Street . The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments , paying the residents for their inconvenience , of course . The real estate agent , a Miss Logan(AVA GARDNER ) , seems to be very interested in having Alison take the apartment- an interest that can not be solely explained by the 6 % commission she would earn . Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00 . Alison agrees and upon leaving the building with Miss Logan , notices an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the top - floor window . Miss Logan identifies the man to her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he 's blind . Alison 's response is very logical- " Blind ? Then what does he look at ? " After moving in , Alison meets some of the other residents in the building , including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO , who provide Alison with an uncomfortable welcome to the building . Alison 's mental health and physical well - being soon start to deteriorate and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting spells . When she relays her concerns to Miss Logan about her sleep being disturbed on a nightly basis by clanging metal and loud footsteps coming from the apartment directly over her , she is dumbstruck to learn that apart from the blind priest and now herself , no one has lived in that building for the last three years . Summoning the courage one night to confront her nocturnal tormentor , she arms herself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs . She is confronted by the cancer - riddled specter of her dead father and uses the knife on him in self - defense when he comes after her . The police investigate and find no sign of violence in that apartment- no corpse , no blood , nothing . Yet Alison fled the building and collapsed in the street , covered in blood- her own , as it turns out . But there 's nary a mark on her . What Alison does n't realize until the film 's denouement is that her being in that brownstone has a purpose . She was put there for a reason- a reason whose origin dates back to the Biblical story of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel who was posted at its entrance to guard it from the Devil . She is being unknowingly primed and prepped by the Catholic Church to assume a most important role- one that will guarantee that her soul , which is damned for her two suicide attempts , can be saved . At the same time , the " invisible " neighbors , who turn out to be more than just quirky oddballs , have a different agenda in mind for her . This is a competent and intelligently done film and one that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a mostly sympathetic light .
1 Boasting an all - star cast so impressive that it almost seems like the " Mad Mad Mad Mad World " of horror pictures , " The Sentinel " ( 1977 ) is nevertheless an effectively creepy film centering on the relatively unknown actress Cristina Raines . In this one , she plays a fashion model , Alison Parker , who moves into a Brooklyn Heights brownstone that is ( and I do n't think I 'm giving away too much at this late date ) very close to the gateway of Hell . And as a tenant in this building , she suffers far worse conditions than leaky plumbing and the occasional water bug , to put it mildly ! Indeed , the scene in which Alison encounters her noisy upstairs neighbor is truly terrifying , and should certainly send the ice water coursing down the spines of most viewers . Despite many critics ' complaints regarding Raines ' acting ability , I thought she was just fine , more than ably holding her own in scenes with Ava Gardner , Burgess Meredith , Arthur Kennedy , Chris Sarandon and Eli Wallach . The picture builds to an effectively eerie conclusion , and although some plot points go unexplained , I was left feeling more than satisfied . As the book " DVD Delirium " puts it , " any movie with Beverly D'Angelo and Sylvia Miles as topless cannibal lesbians in leotards ca n't be all bad " ! On a side note , yesterday I walked over to 10 Montague Terrace in Brooklyn Heights to take a look at the Sentinel House . Yes , it 's still there , and although shorn of its heavy coat of ivy and lacking a blind priest / nun at the top - floor window , looks much the same as it did in this picture . If this house really does sit atop the entrance to Hell , I take it that Hell is ... the Brooklyn Queens Expressway . But we New Yorkers have known THAT for some time !
1 This horror movie , based on the novel of the same name , suffers from flawed production and choppy , amateurish direction , but it 's nonetheless strangely compelling . Unlike shocker horror flicks such as The Exorcist , this movie takes the viewer on a slow yet relentless dip into a pool of evil . It drifts into horror , which dawns on the audience with the same dreamlike slowness as it dawns on the poor girl who 's been unwittingly chosen to be the next sentinel . Her appointed task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from erupting into the world . This falls on her in atonement for her attempted suicide earlier in her life.<br /><br />The story is true to the book , which was riveting , but the way it 's edited can lose the viewer . There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved away and never explained satisfactorily , which hurts this film . That 's a pity . The Sentinel is not an edge - of - your - seat kind of flick ; it 's more a watch - and - squirm uncomfortably . Like a bad car wreck , there 's a compulsion to look even when it becomes unbearable . This movie is n't all bad , and still has a capacity to shock.<br /><br />The cast was competent . Christina Raines was captivating as Alison , the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack from both sides , a pawn in the never - ending battle between good and evil . Chris Sarandon was good as her caring but ultimately self - centered boyfriend . Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives struggling to unravel the bizarre puzzle they 've been handed . Ava Gardner is elegant as the realtor unaware of the horrors lurking in her rental property . The gaunt elderly John Carradine , with his arthritis - twisted hands , is excellent as the dying sentinel who must be replaced . The devil is played to charming perfection by Burgess Meredith ; he 's so sweet and yet so evil . There are future stars hidden in this film : Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl , and Jerry Orbach playing successfully against type as a jerky television director . The damned souls at the end are portrayed by actual sideshow freaks and geeks . Whoever thought to do that was a twisted but brilliant genius.<br /><br />The horror that pervades the movie bubbles up unexpectedly , such as when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a flashback to when she found her father with his two whores . She relives her first suicide attempt , faces a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians , and sees a cat cut up as a cake . Time and again , she 's yanked back and forth through reality and fantasy , through dreams and waking nightmares , all the while lacking the means to cope . In truth , the devil is trying to drive her insane enough to kill herself before becoming the next sentinel . Will he succeed ... ? In summary , slow - moving yet indescribably creepy , well - acted but poorly directed , and a very typical 70 's horror film before the real shockers cut loose . ( No pun intended ) This movie may not work for those with a short attention span , but it can still send chills up the spine , and still can provide some low - key shock value . It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the realm of evil .
1 I 'm not sure why this little film has been banished into obscurity , as despite some rather silly goings on ; The Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror film that gives most of the highly praised ghost stories of today more than a run for their money . Michael Winner has admitted many times that he 's not the best director of all time , and that does shine through on a number of occasions with this film ; but it has to be said that the film works in spite of it 's uninspired direction , and the fact that Winner has somehow managed to round up a simply amazing cast of talent more than makes up for it . The plot is rich with mystery , and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her hunt for a flat . She finds that she ca n't afford most properties she looks at , but thinks her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment for an affordable price . Her problems start soon after moving in , as she does n't like her neighbours very much ... and this problem increases when the property broker tells her that she has just one neighbour ; an elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /><br />The cast list is truly superb , with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines heading up a great support cast . Chris Sarandon is a little wooden in his role opposite Raines , but small parts for the likes of John Carradine , Eli Wallach , Ava Gardner , Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken , to name but a handful more than make up for Sarandon 's lifeless portrayal . Michael Winner does a good job with his central location , as the block of flats provides a creepy and macabre setting for the story . The film is a little slow to start , but it 's never boring ; and Michael Winner 's screenplay provides a surprise that 's almost impossible to guess from the offset , which certainly deserves some praise . Like many similar slow - burning horrors , this one does n't go for the money shot early on - but unlike many , the ending is a definite climax as Winner goes all out to shock the viewer , and if the rumour that he used actual human oddities is true ; I 've got to say that he does a very good job at it ! Overall , while this film may be pure hokum whichever way you look at it ; The Sentinel is one of the better films of its type , and it 's definitely a major highlight for its director .
1 Time has not been kind to this movie . Once controversial adaptation of Jeffrey Konvitz ' best - seller , now this film looks like a mere mainstream version of your typical spookfest . Gruesome touches aside ( particularly that crazy , over the top finale ) , this is essentially a glossy horror movie for those people that do not care much for the genre . It has an extraordinary cast in small roles ( Jose Ferrer , Ava Gardner , Eli Wallach , Burgess Meredith , Christopher Walken , and many others ) , but something tells me that the producers wanted such an expensive cast in order to convince the audience that this is not your average lowbrow movie ( producers of ' 70s disaster movies had a similar idea ) . I kind liked to see the familiar faces , but the story is very silly , and no matter how high class the film pretends to be , it operates at the level of your average ' 70s exploitation movie ( not an entirely bad thing , though ) . Still , it is an enjoyable movie , especially for those viewers who enjoy stargazing . As usual , Albert Whitlock 's matte work is outstanding . Overall , pretty entertaining .
1 The Sentinel is a movie that was recommended to me years ago , by my father , and i 've seen it many times since . It always manages to entertain me , while being effectively creepy as well . The flashback scenes are what really made it for me . Cristina Raines 's father running around all creepily , with the two creepy woman , always manages to send chills down my spine . it 's your typical good vs evil thing , but at least it manages to be entertaining . The ending I consider to be one of the finest in Horror history . It has plenty of shocks and suspense , seeing Burgess Meredith do his thing as Chazen , had me on the edge of my seat . The Sentinel has the perfect build up of tension . We are never fully comfortable whenever Allison is on screen . We know something terrible is always awaiting her , and that made things all the more tense . This movie is often neglected among horror fans , but I personally think it 's one of the better one 's out there , and it certainly has enough for all Horror fans , to be satisfied.<br /><br />Performances . Cristina Raines has her wooden moments , but came though in a big way for the most part . She 's beautiful to look at , and her chemistry with Saranadon felt natural . Chris Sarandon is great as the boyfriend , Michael . He had an instant screen presence , and I could n't help but love him . Martin Balsam , José Ferrer , John Carradine , Ava Gardner , Arthur Kennedy , Sylvia Miles , Deborah Raffin , Jerry Orbach , Richard Dreyfuss , Jeff Goldblum and Tom Berenger all have memorable roles , or small cameos . Burgess Meredith is terrific as Chazen . He looks like a normal old man , but what we find out , is absolutely terrifying . Eli Wallach&Christopher Wlaken do well , as the bumbling detectives . Beverly D'Angelo has one chilling scene , that I wo n't spoil.<br /><br />Bottom line . The Sentinel is an effective Horror film that Horror fans , sadly tend to neglect . It will give you the thrills and scares you need to be satisfied . Well worth the look.<br /><br />7/10
1 Director / writer Michael Winner 's feature is a better than expected offbeat supernatural horror film ( although still schlock efficiently catered for ) , which really does by go unnoticed . Sure it might borrow ideas from other similar themed horror movies of this period , but still manages to bring its own psychological imprint to the smokescreen material ( of good vs. evil ) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressively expansive , if somewhat exploitative set - pieces . As a whole it 's sketchy , however remains intriguing by instilling an ominous charge without going gang - busters with the scares . Actually there 's always something going on amongst its busy framework , but it 's rather down - played with its shocks steering to soapy patterns and atmospheric tailoring , up until its vividly repellent and grisly climax with a downbeat revelation . Winner 's dressed up craftsmanship might feel pedestrian , however it 's the ensemble cast that really holds it together   as you try to spot the faces . There 's plenty too . Some having more to do with the scheme of things than others , but there 's no doubts every one of them are committed , despite the ludicrously crude nature of it all . It 's interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles ( who 's significantly creepy ! ) , Beverly D'Angelo ( likewise ) , Deborah Raffin , Eli Wallach , Christopher Walken , William Hickey ( a neat cameo ) , Jeff Goldblum , Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in bit parts . Then you got a mild - mannered Chris Sarandon and movingly gorgeous Cristina Raines in the leads . Offering able support José Ferrer , Martin Balsam , Ava Gardner , John Carradine , Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy . The script does throw around many characters , as well as notions but gets disjointedly sidetrack by trying to squeeze all of it in . However it 's disorienting air works in its favour in establishing the suspicion and deception of what 's really going on here . Is there a reason for all of this , and why is it surrounding Raines ' character ? The emphasis is mainly built upon that moody angle , as it begins to slowly shed light of her inner goings and that of the strange / worrying experiences she encounters when she 's moves into her new apartment . This is where Winner tries to pull out the eerie shades , which projects some icy moments . Gil Melle was the man responsible for the grand , overpowering orchestral score that never misses a cue and Richard C. Kratina instruments the sweeping , scope - like photography .
1 Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge - themed films , such as " Death Wish " and " Chato 's Land " , but he is equally gifted as a director of occult Horror cinema , as " The Sentinel " of 1977 proves . " The Sentinel " , which is based on a novel by John Konvitz , who also wrote the screenplay , is a clever and immensely creepy religious chiller that no lover of occult Horror should consider missing . The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics such as " Rosemary 's Baby " , " The Exorcist " or " The Omen " , but , as far as I am concerned , it is also easily as unsettling as these more widely acclaimed films , and probably even creepier.<br /><br />Allison Parker ( Christina Raines ) is a beautiful young New York model . Traumatized by events in her her past and not yet willing to marry her lawyer boyfriend ( Chris Sarandon ) , Allison is in search for an apartment , and finds a big , incredibly nice one , which is also affordable , in an old mansion in Brooklyn . The new apartment , however , comes along with a bunch of very strange other tenants . And the sinister new neighbors soon become more than a little bothersome to Alice ... This may not be an adequate plot synopsis , but I would hate to spoil any of this film 's great moments , so I will not give any further plot description . What I will say , however , is that " The Sentinel " is a very creepy and effective film that profits from a great cast as well as an often bizarre and constantly uncanny atmosphere . The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly had its influence on the outcome . The film is imaginatively photographed , and the eerie old Brooklyn mansion is a fantastic setting for this kind of film . As mentioned above , the atmosphere is obscure and creepy , and the film also includes several shock - moments and genuine scares . The film features many sinister and eccentric characters , and the cast is superb . Beautiful Christina Raines is great in her role of Allison Parker , lovable and yet on the cusp to losing her mind . Chris Sarandon is also very good as her boyfriend , a successful lawyer , and the supporting cast includes many big names , such as Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum , Jerry Orbach , Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger , before becoming really famous . The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner , Horror icon John Carradine , Burgess Meredith , and , my personal favorite , the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective . I 've been a great fan of director Michael Winner for a long time , mostly for films like " Death Wish " and " Chato 's Land " . " The Sentinel " is yet another great film in Winner 's repertoire , and also the proof that the man is not only a master of hard - boiled revenge - cinema , but also of atmospheric occult Horror . All in all , " The Sentinel " is a creepy , intelligent , and amazingly bizarre occult chiller that is highly recommended to all Horror fans !
1 Ahh , yes , the all - star blockbuster . Take a so - so concept , stuff it into a script and load it down with every single freakin ' special effect that the Wizards of Hollyweird can conjure up , then round up the usual suspects : hot up - and - comers , has - beens , wanna - be 's and never - wuzzes , and stick 'em all in ensemble roles of various sizes in front of the unforgiving eye of the cameras . And hope to gawd that some of them are n't too old to remember their lines.<br /><br />Leave it to the bishops of Box Office to apply the concept to horror films at last , as was the case with the post - EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL . Novelist Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try and one - up Ira Levin 's ROSEMARY 'S BABY scenario of creepy ( and ultimately satanic ) neighbors in a New York brownstone . The result was a controversial best - seller that some claimed bordered on the plagiaristic , and an equally controversial , top - heavy / star - laden vehicle co - written and directed by DEATH WISH 's Michael Winner , but for many unsettlingly different reasons.<br /><br />Cristina Raines ( NASHVILLE ) plays successful model Alison Parker , who is pretty much over- stressed and over - worked , ( I wo n't add " overpaid . " I mean she IS a model , so that would be redundant ) , not just by her 24/7 schedule , by also by her insistent , ' wanna - get - married- right - NOW ' boyfriend Michael ( Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.I.G. movie LIPSTICK ) . One of the ways she decides to try to get away from it all is to move into her own place ; a big , beautiful brownstone in Manhattan which she 's able to get dirt - cheap , ( that should 've been the BIG red flag - cheap real estate in New York ! ) , from the mysteriously accommodating broker Miss Logan ( Golden Age screen vet Ava Gardner , fresh from the storm drain in EARTHQUAKE.)<br /><br />Things seem fine at first , but ah , yes ... then comes the noises and the loud pounding from the apartment upstairs at night . And what about the REALLY strange neighbors like Gerde ( Sylvia Miles ) and Sandra ( a VERY early Beverly D'Angelo ) , the nice " single friends " ( read : lesbians ) living together , and kindly old Mr. Charles Chazen ( a nicely creepy Burgess Meredith ) , who seems maybe a little too concerned with Alison 's welfare ? And that 's not to mention other assorted squirrelly cohabitants ( You 'll never hear the phrase " Black and white cat , black and white cake " again without wanting to laugh milk through your nose and possibly vomit simultaneously . ) Especially the old blind priest living in the penthouse ... <br /><br />Things really start to go downhill when an apparition - laden nightmare of Alison 's morphs into a grisly murder , ( in one of the movie 's most underwear - staining scares ) , and both Alison and Michael , with some assistance from Alison 's BFF , Jennifer ( Deborah Raffin ) , begin to piece together the puzzle that reveals the brownstone 's dark origins , as well as the murderous agenda of its other - worldly inhabitants , not to mention Alison 's connection to them , which as it turns out is anything but coincidental.<br /><br />Although there 's nothing controversial about the overstuffed cast , which seems to feature every actor of diverse genres looking for work at the time , ( Arthur Kennedy , Jose Ferrer , Martin Balsam , Eli Wallach , John Carradine , and even early appearances by Christopher Walken , Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor ! ) Winner and company went back to bombastic basics and pulled a " Tod Browning" ... by enlisting real - life physically - challenged actors to appear in THE SENTINEL 'S climactic everything - and - everybody - goes - to - Hell sequence , which I guess any ballsy director would do , finding himself unable to access Linda Blair and a case of green - pea soup . It does definitely leave you with arctic fingers playing your spinal cord like a zither , knowing this juicy little tidbit of info as you watch . And it does feature a technique to which filmmakers have only begun to return very recently : live on - set makeup and special effects that do n't involve CGI , ( which was pretty much non - existent back then.)<br /><br />THE SENTINEL has that kitschy , late - Seventies cheese factor , but does manage to distinguish itself from time to time with some gasp - inducing moments like the one mentioned above , not to mention that queasy feeling of dread that horror writers find it easy to play upon , of isolation and things that go bump - and - shriek in the night . After all , what living - single - in- the - big - city person has n't lain in bed in the dark , and listened intently to the sounds of what they HOPE is " the building settling?" < br /><br />Konvitz followed up THE SENTINEL with an inevitable sequel , THE GUARDIAN ( not to be confused with the William Friedkin supernatural thriller namesake ) , that was never adapted for the screen . = sigh of relief=
1 I had the TV on for a white noise companion and heard " $ 400 for a fully furnished apartment " So I ran into the TV room expecting another 70 's flick and got much more . Luckily , I could rewind to the beginning ( DVR buffer ) and hit the record button to watch it entirely.(Cinemax uncut and in HD no less ! ) Aside from some holes in the story and intermittent improbable dialog / events , this is an effective thriller worthy of your time to watch . Pretty creepy and progressive at times : Beverly D'Angelo 's character masturbates in front of Alison Parker , played adroitly by Cristina Raines , Parker stabs , in very gory fashion , her father , an explicit menage a trios scene . ( do n't let the kids watch ) The film is TOTALLY 70 's full of bad clothes(polyester suits and tacky ascots ) and decor , bad hair , over bloated music score , and familiar looking cinematography . The cast is excellent , take a second on this film 's home page to check it out . It was a surprise to see Christopher Walken , Jerry Orbach and Jeff Goldblum so young . Sylvia Miles- always wonderfully creepy ! ENJOY !
1 Well , after long anticipation after seeing a few clips on Bravo 's The 100 Scariest Movie Moments I had long awaited to see this film . The plot was simple , beautiful model Alison Parker ( Cristina Raines ) moves into an apartment building that 's a gateway to hell . The Sentinel is a down right creepy film , even if it 's a bit slow . It 's a mix of The Omen and Rosemary 's Baby . The acting is fine , and there are some truly disturbing bits such as the awkward orgy scene with the dead father and the chubby woman in the middle of the orgy eating cake and laughing The ending is a weird mix of deformed people and cannibals . It 's a very odd , campy but in the end , I truly believe a great film ! One of my favorites from the 70 's , even if it 's nothing greatly original . It 's wacky and extremely creepy ! Probably one of my all time favorites . 9/10
1 Wonderful film , one of the best horror films of the 70s . She is realistic settings and atmospheres . As usual it was inevitable the usual negative comments . I have noticed that most horror films of a certain period many times fail to reach even sufficiency . Obviously because most horror movies are old and must be denigrati , is like a mental mechanism that moves the minds of the potential of music critics here.<br /><br />Before you read the review already knew what was the final judgment . In the film a good gift because 10 is really well done . Raines reads quite well and the film as a way in which it was produced reminds me a lot of Kubrick films . He really impression . Excellent film really . I consider a film anthology of years'70 .
1 I 'm surprised that no one yet has mentioned that there are two versions of this same film . The lion 's share of the footage in both is identical , but here is where they differ : In one version ( the version I have seen most often on broadcast TV ) , the group of clerics guarding the gateway consists of the " Brotherhood of the Protectors " , a ( fictional ) splinter group of priests and brothers " excommunicated " by the Church . In the other version , which I 've seen only once on TV , the clerics guarding the gateway are depicted as priests of the official Church , meaning the Archdiocese of New York ( or perhaps Brooklyn ) . Also , in the former version , in most of the pertinent scenes , the clerics are referred to as " brothers " ( and in some scenes , you can see where the lips say " Father " so - and - so but the dubbed audio says " Brother " so - and - so . In the latter version , I believe everyone is referred to as " Father".<br /><br />In any event , it seems that one of these two versions is more or less a partial re - shooting of the other , with all " Brotherhood of the Protector " scenes re - shot as " Archdiocese " scenes , or vice versa . ( Kind of reminds me of the Raymond Burr cutaway scenes in " Godzilla " ) . I have videotaped both versions off broadcast TV , so no , I 'm not imagining this . Can anyone shed some more light on the story behind these two versions of the film ?
1 Cashing in on the " demons - meets - clergy " trend of the late ' 60s / early ' 70s that most prominently included the triptych of " Rosemary 's Baby , " " The Exorcist , " and " The Omen , " " The Sentinel " is an addition that 's just as good ( albeit the most overlooked of the lot ) . In a way , it combines the best elements of those films and tosses in a dash of Polanski 's " The Tenant " ( which came out the same year ) for good measure . A New York model unable to commit to her lawyer boyfriend takes up residence in a moss - coated townhouse that initially seems like the perfect locale ; she meets a wily old coot of a neighbor ( the brilliant Burgess Meredith ) , plus the other off - center tenants . Kept awake by loud noises above her apartment , she soon discovers that a mute priest and herself are the only residents in the otherwise deserted building . From there , director Michael Winner ( " Death Wish " ) kicks this supernatural thriller into gear , and there is a devilish glee to the hallucinogenic tortures he inflicts on his heroine . Aided by a brilliant ensemble cast , a subtle storyline , and excellent makeup FX by Dick Smith ( " The Exorcist " ) , " The Sentinel " is a genuinely creepy horror flick .
1 This 1986 Italian - French remake of the 1946 film of the same name turns up the heat early , and does n't let us come up for air . The story is about a high - school student ( Federico Pitzalis ) who ca n't keep his eyes off the mysteriously beautiful young woman ( played by Dutch phenom Maruschka Detmers ) who lives next door to the school . One day , he follows her , and his persistence pays off . There 's only one problem : She 's engaged to a sketchy character ( Riccardo De Torrebruna ) who may or may not have committed a heinous crime , and if he repents , will probably be let off with a slap on the wrist . Also , the young woman is a little " funny in the head " , and this is corroborated when we discover she has been seeing the boy 's father , who is a psychiatrist . Giulia 's emotional instability is only equalled by her prodigious sexual desires . Hot , hot , hot , from the word go , with handsome leads and a bombshell performance from Detmers , who plays us like a yo - yo ( as she does the boy ) from scene to scene , with enough suspense to keep us guessing right up until -- and even after -- the end . Available in R and X ( ! ) rated versions .
1 I 'll be quick to address the matters of the film here : It was a very engaging story about the destructive qualities about all - consuming passions ; a young Italian woman who can not emotionally connect with her jailed political - radical fiancé ( due in part to her apolitical attitudes and freewheeling approach to life ) finds solace and passion in a new young lover whom she embarks on an explicitly sexual relationship with . The anxieties , rage , tenderness and passions that swirl around in the atmosphere of the story equal the dispassionate quiet that seems to engulf the two leads . It lends the film an unsettling mood that permeates through all the political strife that is otherwise lost on the viewer ( unless you have a deep knowledge of Italian politics during the 80 's ) . I found the film compelling ... what ruined it somewhat is a gratuitous oral sex scene that the actress performs on the male lead ... it is n't simulated and leaves little to the imagination . There are other scenes of sex in the film , which I do feel were necessary because they outline the madness and loneliness that the characters live in . But the oral sex scene , I feel , derails the focus on the actual story . It was smooth sailing up until that point and once the infamous sex scene appears ( which caused much hoopla back in its day ) , it 's like hitting a roadblock . It 's jarring and unnecessary and I am in the camp that believes that the film would not have been harmed any if the scene had been removed from it . And what 's unfortunate is that this particular scene may deter people from watching this intriguing film , which I believe is worth a viewing because there is so much going on underneath the surface , emotions and further turmoils layered in the subtext.<br /><br />Overall : Wonderful film hampered by a much not - needed sex scene .
1 Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political movie , a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy , but that seems more metaphor than reality . Well , almost everything in the movie seems like metaphor . The revolutionaries , of whom we see and about whom we learn very little , might as well be mafiosi . Out with the old and in with the new.<br /><br />Andrea 's Papa , a psychoanalyst , seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values -- morally upright , unperturbed , clean and tidy , thoroughly ritualized.<br /><br />Giullia , the girlfriend of a revolutionary , seems to represent what can happen to someone who needs very badly a cause to support but is unable to muster up the kind of devotion such a commitment demands . ( I 'm guessing here . ) Andrea , the adolescent boy , seems to be the only guy in the movie who is not in some unquiet way " upatz . " He 's respectful of his father but disobedient too . He loves Giullia , or so we assume , although he 's not really old enough to have learned how to manage his reflexes optimally , but he leaves her in order to show up at school and complete his final exams . His course between these contradictory lifestyles could be described as " media . " He 's the man in between , who knows the meaning of gradualism , who can keep his cool while those about him are screaming.<br /><br />Most of this is summed up during the oral part of his finals when he is asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from " Antigone , " which contrasts the traditional authority of the gods with the notion of secularity and free will.<br /><br />That brings us -- by no particular course that I 'm aware of -- to Marushka Detmars . She brings to mind a New Yorker cartoon of a few years ago . Two hippos are neck - deep in the river , staring at a gazelle drinking from the bank , and one hippo says to the other , " I hate her . " She 's a good actress . ( Let me get that out of the way . ) But so is everyone else in the film . She carries with her , in her speech and manner , the rich glitter of outright lunacy . And it all comes from the actress too , not from directorial aid . Detmars is n't nuts the way Catherine DeNeuve was nuts in " Repulsion . " The walls do n't turn to rubber and grow hands . Instead , we see her animated -- sometimes TOO animated . And she gives us shocking jolts when her mood abruptly changes and becomes threatening the way a looming thunderstorm is threatening.<br /><br />A critic described her as sultry , but that 's probably not the word he was searching for . She 's compellingly beautiful with her fluffy brown hair , her wide white ready grin , her impulsive giggles . And her eyes are like the eyes in the paintings on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs . The sexy parts are pretty erotic , not so much because one of them is explicit , but because we 've gotten to know the characters involved . ( It 's more interesting to spy on the honeymoon couple next door than go to a skin flick . ) Actually there is n't THAT much sex . There is only one scene of simulated intercourse but the director lets it play out in what seems to be real time . At least real time for an eighteen - year - old boy.<br /><br />The young man who plays Andrea is fine too , which is a necessary thing , because the film depends almost entirely on him and Giullia . They have to carry it and they do . If it were not for their performances , I 'm not sure this would be as interesting or as admirable flick as it is . It could easily have been turned into a rather slow , boring romance.<br /><br />Worth it .
1 I loved the the film . it beautifully analyzes Italian petty bourgeois society , how the leftists of the 70s have given up all their ideals and come to a happy arrangement which they do n't want disturbed . For instance , the aging psychoanalyst who is jealous of his own son , and does n't want to be reminded of his more radical youth.<br /><br />For a long time wanted to buy the video after having seen the movie a couple of times on the big screen and on TV , but it seems to have completely disappeared from the market , even in Italy no one in the book shops knew about the film . a great pity.<br /><br />The one sex scene , which everyone seems to go on about , does the film no harm .
1 Notable because of it 's notorious explicit scene when the gorgeous Maruschka Detmers takes her young lover 's penis from his trousers and into her mouth . Even without this moment the film is a splendid if slightly disturbing passionate and blindingly sexy ride . Detmers puts in a great performance as the partly deranged , insatiable delight , wandering about her flat nude . Dressed , partly dressed and naked she steals most of the film about love , sexual passion , philosophy and politics . For me the last two get a little lost and the ending is most confusing when her fiancé is released whilst fellow terrorists are released , she seems uncertain as to who she wants and the young lover seems more interested in his exams than anything else as she weeps , beautifully of course !
1 the movie is far more sophisticated and intelligent is its exploration of sexual tension than such American attempts as 9 and a half weeks ... the courtroom scene itself ... with the couple copulating in the cage while the heroine pleads for their orgasm ... is amazing ... I have not seen this movie in 20 years ... but it made indelible pictures in my mind ... it is rich in texture and successful in creating a world where sex is the engine for all activity , and at its bottom is the yawning angst that lives in us all .... the plot is European , and it meanders a bit , but so does life ... especially when you are 17 and have a constant hard on ....
1 I really liked this movie , and went back to see it two times more within a week.<br /><br />Ms . Detmers nailed the performance - she was like a hungry cat on the prowl , toying with her prey . She lashes out in rage and lust , taking a " too young " lover , and crashing hundreds of her terrorist fiancé 's mother 's pieces of fine china to the floor . < br /><br />The film was full of beautiful touches . The Maserati , the wonderful wardrobe , the flower boxes along the rooftops . I particularly enjoyed the ancient Greek class and the recitation of ' Antigone'.<br /><br />It had a feeling of ' Story of O ' - that is , where people of means indulge in unrestrained sexual adventure . As she walks around the fantastic apartment in the buff , she is at ease - and why not , what is to restrain a " Devil in the Flesh"?<br /><br />The whole movie is a real treat !
1 Contrary to some people 's summaries , the women depicted in the film are not geisha . They are oiran ( prostitutes ) living outside the most famous pleasure districts , and their lives and experiences represent the lives of a great number of Tokugawa era women . I ca n't say the stories were particularly enlightening , but their charm lies in just how typical they are . The themes are universal and everyday : love , friendship , and sacrifice.<br /><br />I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting . I felt like I was getting a glimpse of a time and place I can never otherwise glimpse . The actors , especially the 4 women who played the main oiran , were a thrill to watch . I 'd only recommend this movie to people who want a taste of Japanese culture , or to those who enjoy quiet and emotional stories . It 's a great example of both .
1 I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge.<br /><br />First of all , those girls are not Geisha , but brothel tenants , and one that do n't know the difference will not understand half of the movie , and certainly not the end . This is a complete art work about the women 's life and needs in this era . Everything is important , and certainly the way they dress , all over the movie means more than words . To those who thought it was a boring geisha movie , I 'll suggest you to read a bit about this society before making a conclusion that is so out of the reality . This is Kurosawa 's work of is life , and I 'm sure that the director understood the silent meaning of Kurosawa 's piece to the right intellectual range .
1 A wonderful film to watch with astonishing scenes and talented actors , such as Misa Shimizu and Nagiko Tono . After 15 minutes of watching , your eyes get locked on the screen and you do nothing but breathing in the atmosphere of the film waiting what the destiny will bring to the characters . This film makes you leave your position as a standard audience , it takes you in , it makes you a part of the story ... Costumes and settings are brilliant ; especially the district of the okiyas is skillfully built . It is definitely not very Akira Kurosawa , however it still gets a lot from the master , especially the stylistic story telling tells us we 're in a distinguished land of cinema which is quite far from hollywoodish flamboyance .
1 A tragically wonderful movie ... brings us to a Japan that does not exist anymore . Despite Hollywood 's technical expertise , I have yet to see a ( hollywood ) movie that can match the authenticity of the atmosphere in this small town by the river near the sea ... Tom Cruise 's The Last Samurai looked liked the last installment of the Lord of The Rings in trying to capture rural Old Japan.<br /><br />If you like serene but intense story lines , this is a must see film . It will be a respite from hollow flashy films much like the last 1000 blockbusters you saw . I think this is one of Kurosawa 's better stories.<br /><br />Even if it 's a movie about geishas and brothels and the complicated rules that govern life in such settings , it did not turn into a skin flick . The characters are full of depth and act with much intensity .
1 My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very much . The viewer is swept away from modern life into old Japan , while at the same time exposed to very current themes . The characters are realistic and detailed ; it has an unpredictable ending and story , which is very refreshing . The story is made up of mini - plots within the life of several geisha living together in a poor city district . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in a realistic romance or life in old Japan.<br /><br / >
1 ' Umi wa miteita ' ( ' The Sea is Watching ' ) was Akira Kurasawa 's swansong to film : his adaptation of his favored novelist Shugoro Yamamoto 's story into a screenplay he intended to film was his final mark he left on a brilliant career . Director Kei Kumai pays homage to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually stunning transformation of word to image.<br /><br />Set in 19th century Japan , the story explores the lives of the women of a Geisha house whose sole purpose in life is to earn money by pleasuring men . The house is run by an older couple who are genteel and the geishas are an enchanting group of women who know their trade and take pride in their careers . Each has a reason for turning to the life of geisha . Oshin ( Nagiko Tono ) supports her family who live in a neighboring village , Kikuno ( Misa Shimizu ) has customers both good and evil whom she manages to sustain with her stories of her higher caste . Oshin befriends an endangered samurai , falls in love with the gentle fellow , only to find that he must not marry out of his caste and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised betrothed . Oshin 's heart bruises easily but is always supported emotionally and physically / monetarily by Kikuno and the other geishas.<br /><br />A handsome samurai Ryosuke ( Masatoshi Nagase ) enters Oshin 's life and develops the first trusted and devoted relationship with her . Kikuno is beset by problems , deciding whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wishes to marry her , and coping with a rich but abusive customer . All the while the sea is watching and as a typhoon destroys the geisha house and street , Oshin and Kikuno sit atop the roof waiting for the promised rescue by Ryosuke . The manner in which the story ends is one of sacrifice , love , and devotion . The sea is watching and will find protection for true love.<br /><br />The photography by Kazuo Okuhara is breathtakingly beautiful : night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors are matched with recurring glimpses of the sea both calm and turbulent . The acting is a bit strained for Edo art , but the characters are well created and keep the story credible . The one distraction which is definitely NOT something Kurosawa would have condoned is the tacky Western music score that sounds like cheap soap opera filler except for the isolated moments when real Japanese music on authentic instruments graces the track . But in the end there is enough of Kurosawa 's influence to imbue this film with his brand of dreamlike wonder that will always maintain his importance on world cinema . Grady Harp
1 I 'm not sure how I missed this one when it first came out , but I am glad to have finally seen it.<br /><br />This movie takes place in and around the 19th century red light district of Okabasho , Japan . It tells the tale of prostitution , caste systems and women who are strong in a society based upon the strength of the samurai code of Japan.<br /><br />It is uniquely Akira Kurosawa ! Even though he died before he could direct this movie , his adaptation of the screenplay shows . His view of the Japanese world and caste system is renowned and sheds light upon how these systems interact with each other . The characters may revolve around each other , but the caste system stays intact when each character goes back to the world they belong in . The samurai warrior who drifts into the good hearted and loving prostitute 's world goes back to his life , while she embarks on a another road with a man who is part of her caste system .. lowest of the low . Many prize the world of the samurai above all others , but yet , it is the lower caste inhabitants who can support each other and who can love without restraint . The samurai in this movie turns out to be the weak one , while the classless lovers prove to be the honorable ones . < br /><br />The movie deserves a higher rating . It is a tale of survival of women in feudal Japan . During this time frame , men were thought to be the survivors .. the strong ones while women were thought to be just mindless and weak property . This movie highlights the strength of Japanese women and how they did what they had to for survival , and how their strength enabled the Japanese culture to continue on as it has.<br /><br />I recommend " The Sea is Watching " to anyone who is a fan of Akira Kurosawa and even if they 're not a fan . It is a lovely , quiet and soul sustaining movie , and one to be treasured for any movie collection .
1 this movie just goes to show that you do nt need big explosions , muti - billion dollar computer graphics , or highly over paid actors and actresses to make a good movie , All you need is a excellent story line and plot . which the master of all japanese films , Akira Kurosawa pulls off brilliantly . I recommend this film to all that love a epic period piece . and for those that enjoy Kurosawas earlier works . 10/10
1 It helps immensely if one is familiar with the culture and time period in which this film takes place . First of all , these ladies are NOT geisha , they are oiran ( prostitutes)in the Yoshiwara - type " green houses " , circa 1860 , give or take .. This should help clear up some details which may be confusing to the unaware . The film deals with issues of loyalty , love and , perhaps most importantly , how people deal with adversity , both their own and that of others in their immediate environment . That plus the outrageous photography together with the hauntingly beautiful music , make for a lovely ride . Just plug it in , suspend your disbelief and enter their world . You wo n't be disappointed .
1 This is a wonderful movie about a brothel in a fishing village , that could be best described with scene constellations and direction of old Kurosawa 's works , combined with Dostoyevski 's topics of human psychology ( O - shin - Sonia Marmeladova ) , Shakespeare 's drama and Hans Christian Andersen 's tragic and cheerfulness . The screenplay is wondrous , the scenes are colour- and beautiful some scenes stay really imprinted in my mind . The plot is interesting and unpredictable - each of the characters is very well developed and interesting - there is also a little action , so if you do n't like all the sentiments you 'd also come to your costs - . It is not about mysterious Geishas and proud Samurai with their Bushido pouring all out of them , but about life , work and kinds of people found everywhere at any time . A lovely and fascinating tribute to Kurosawa , certainly worth seeing .
1 This is a very fine and poetic story . Beautiful scenery . Magnificent music score . I 've been twice in Japan last year and the movie gave me this typical Japanese feeling . The movement of the camera is superb , as well as the actors . It goes deep into your feelings without becoming melodramatic . Japanese people are very sensitive and kind and it 's all very well brought onto the screen here . The director is playing superb with light an colors and shows the audience that it is also possible to let them enjoy a movie with subtle and fine details . Once you 've seen this movie you will want to see more from the same director . It 's a real feel good movie and I can only recommend it to everybody .
1 Kurosawa weaves a tale that has a cast of characters as diverse as any Shakespearean drama , and the acting is true to the story , with each star playing their role as a part of the larger tale . It is touching , funny and intriguing in all parts . The character development is near perfect , the cinematography is vivid and engaging , and the story draws you in.<br /><br />I would like to say that the " Samurai freaks " and those obsessed with late 18th and 19th century dynastic tales of Japan may snub this film as not Kurosawa 's best work . Perhaps not his best , but even at his worst , Kurosawa is better than many of the best . This story is so based in elevating the mundane lives of ordinary people in a time of great change , that it is timeless , despite being set in the not - so - distant past.<br /><br />I would heartily recommend this to any movie buff , and especially to those who are likely to continue on to read the novel on which the film is based .
1 The Sea Is Watching has been made from an original Akira Kurosawa script , and it is indeed a lush and warm film . Watching it will be a pleasure ! < br /><br />Kei Kumai as director is certainly no equal to the old but everlasting master ( particularly the mass scenes in the beginning of the film has some terrible acting ) , but the overall mood and scenery is very enjoyable . Another thing that is missed here : Kurosawa always managed to let the characters be so much more then what they are actually showing and doing.<br /><br />Probably that was his magic on set while shooting ; and just maybe this script was not fully up to par yet.<br /><br />Maybe we just miss the eye of the master.<br /><br />This is one lovely and sweet film , but it is no Kurosawa . To expect that might well be very silly ...
1 Artistically speaking , this is a beautiful movie -- the cinematography , music and costumes are gorgeous . In fact , this movie is prettier than those directed by Akira Kurasawa himself . In this case , he only wrote the movie as it was made several years after his death.<br /><br />So , as far as the writing goes , the dialog was well - written and the story , at times , was interesting . However , the story was also rather depressing yet uninvolving in some ways -- after all , it 's the story of a group of women who work in a brothel . It 's interesting that although prostitution has been seen as a much more acceptable business in Japan , the women STILL long for a better life . This reminds me a lot of the movie Streets Of Shame , though Streets Of Shame 's characters are a lot less likable and more one - dimensional.<br /><br />So , overall it gets a 7 - -mostly due to everything BUT the writing . It 's too bad that the weakest link in this movie is the story by the great Kurasawa .
1 The Sea is Watching was an interesting film experience . First of all , the overall feel was intense , internalized , claustrophobic , and small . Each frame seemed to be a photograph of something inside , something very focused and not part of a bigger picture . It was obvious what we were to look at in each frame . The physicality of the set itself contributed to that feeling of smallness and intensity . The lights along the middle of the road cut the road in half , and the tiny gate to the tiny settlement followed by the tiny and few cubbyholes that served as the establishments that made up what seemed to be the entire town . Even the view of the ocean was framed by a tiny landing on which one can count the number of longer grass swaying in the wind . No panoramic views . In fact , it reminded me of the Montmarte sequence of Moulin Rouge where the camera sweepingly focuses in to the windmill creating again a feeling of a small area where everything is happening.<br /><br />While the acting was passable considering I really could not discern how the lines were truly delivered , I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and nonsensical . Why Kikuno would continue carrying on the way she did when Fusanosuke announced his impending marriage really did n't seem true  people had n't really changed that much , and the character Kikuno was so strong and resilient that even if they were busy taking on O - shin 's business for naught , the reaction seemed out of character and unnecessary and distracting . Another example of odd acting was when the drunk boyfriend of Kikuno showed up and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs , the way in which he got up and menacingly came up the stairs and the ensuing fight outside among the reeds was simply unsatisfying . It was n't that I like fight scenes  au contraire  but it seemed a little stilted and again , overly dramatic.<br /><br />Otherwise , while not a beautiful movie to watch , it provided an interesting glimpse into the darker side of prostitution ( as opposed to the geisha ) . Unfortunately , perhaps it fed into our expectations of wanton women ( the " honey  I 'll give you a deal " comments supported by the over - stretched actions ) and seriously caused me to doubt whether indeed 19th century prostitutes really acted in that way . But once inside the house , the inner workings became most interesting , vivid and real and provided a scenario I never anticipated or imagined in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century .
1 Although Lang 's version is more famous , Borzage 's work is not devoid of interest , far from it : its " celestial " sequences are even better . The metaphor of the train ( perhaps borrowed from the ending of Abel Gance 's " la roue " ) is eventually more convincing than the " up above " heavenly world.<br /><br />Borzage 's tenderness for his characters shows in Marie 's character and love beyond the grave is one of his favorite subjects ( the ending of " three comrades " ) .The amusement park seems to be everywhere : we see it even when we are in Marie 's poor house . I do not think that the sets are that much cheesy , they are stylized to a fault . The fair from a distance almost gives a sci - fi feel to the movie.<br /><br />Borzage never forgets his social concerns : in the heavenly train going up , the Rich can not stand to be mixed up with the riffraff but as " chief magistrate " tells : " here there 's no more difference " .<br /><br />Not a major work for Borzage ( neither is Lang 's version),but to seek out if you are interested in the great director 's career .
1 There is indeed much to complain about this movie version of Molnar 's mystical play --Farrell looks good in his title role , but his line readings , frankly , stink . This also suffers , in large part , from this being credited as the first movie that makes use of rear projection . The sets look phony.<br /><br />There are two great strengths in this show , however : although the dialogue readings limp , the visual performances are perfect . Rose Hobart , as Julie , is little remembered today : mostly for ROSE HOBART , in which Joseph Cornell cut down the programmer EAST OF BORNEO to simply shots of her : credit Melford 's stylish visual direction of the original . Her great beauty and simple ( although stagy ) performance help repair some of the damage to the earth - bound sections of this movie.<br /><br />However , one of Borzage 's themes is the mystical power of love , and it is the handling of the celestial sections that make this great , from the arrival of the celestial train to the journey to ' the Hot Place ' . H.B. Warner 's performance here is , as always , perfect.<br /><br />So we have here a flawed but very interesting version . I think that Lang 's 1934 version is better , as well as the celestial scenes in the Henry King version of CAROUSEL , the watered - down musical remake . But I still greatly enjoyed this version and think you should give it a chance .
1 Loved Joan . Great performance . What is n't she good in . I watched this film and then Jane Eyre right after ... she just keeps getting better . My heart was racing . Great old movie drama . Just what i want from a classic movie . Facial expressions are worth the whole film . I 'm glad i have it on video . Do n't know what more you need in a film . Beautiful woman .... wealth ..... greed ..... murder .... detectives ...... a trial ..... <br /><br />The costumes are very nice . Makes me wonder what the budget was for this movie ? Wish they still made films like this . Whenever they try they just seem to make a cheesy movie . Films in black and white still hold a certain mystery .
1 Joan Fontaine stars as the villain in this Victorian era film . She convincingly plays the married woman who has a lover on the side and also sets her sights on a wealthy man , Miles Rushworth who is played by Herbert Marshall . Mr. Marshall is quite good as Miles . Miss Fontaine acted her part to perfection -- she was at the same time cunning , calculating , innocent looking , frightened and charming . It takes an actress with extraordinary talent to pull that off . Joan Fontaine looked absolutely gorgeous in the elegant costumes by Travis Banton . Also in the film is Joan 's mother , Lillian Fontaine as Lady Flora . I highly recommend this film .
1 Poor Ivy : Though to the manner born , she had the bad luck to marry a charming wastrel ( Richard Ney ) . As the movie is set in the 20s or 30s , when rigid Victorian ideas of class were starting to fray at the edges , this uncertain status vexes her unduly . The Gretorexes ( for so they are called ) do n't know where their next shilling is coming from but there are yachting parties and fancy - dress balls in posh pleasaunces aplenty to tempt her . When Ivy ( Joan Fontaine ) makes the acquaintance of a wealthy older gent ( Herbert Marshall , who must have been born middle - aged ) , she sets one of her extravant chapeaux for him . Luckily , one of the beaux she still strings along ( Patric Knowles ) is a physician whose consulting rooms provide a cache of poison , with which she bids her hubby farewell . The fact that it implicates Knowles does n't phase her a bit , even as the hours trickle by until he should be hanged by the neck until dead . The turning of the plot depends on police inspector Sir Cedric Hardwicke ; Knowles ' mother ( the redoubtable Lucile Watson ) ; and Knowles ' loyal housekeeper ( Una O'Connor ) . Sam Wood adds some subtle touches to this well above average melodrama ; Fontaine 's luminous face supplies the rest .
1 An excellent period murder melodrama , with Fontaine effectively playing against her earlier naive wallflower type , in a role that reportedly Olivia DeHavilland turned down . That 's fine , because Fontaine is wonderful . Scripted by Charles Bennett , who had written for Hitchcock in the thirties and also later penned the excellent script for the classic British horror film Night of the Demon . The opening scene , where Ivy visits a sinister fortune teller played by the wonderful Una O'Connor ( the screecher of James Whale fame ) , is a tour de force , and the film maintains interest throughout the numerous sinister machinations . I hope to see this film on DVD someday , but despair of that ever happening , because it seems to be an undeservedly obscure film . Fortunately I got to see it on AMC some seven or eight years ago , but have not seen since . Catch it if you can !
1 Warning : contains a spoiler . Corny plot and in many cases terrible acting . Fontaine is great , but some others , particularly Richard Ney , Ivy 's husband , are exceedingly wooden . Ney lies in bed , dying of arsenical poisoning , with every hair in place . Yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful . More faithful to the book than most movies of its era . Casting Joan Fontaine as a poisoner ( and an adulteress , which was just as shocking then - I 'm not kidding , kids ) was a masterful stroke . She 's just her usual Joan Fontainey self . As murderers were supposed to , she dies by falling " feet foremost through the floor into an empty space . "
1 Does anyone happen to know where this film was shot ? The aviation scene on the cliff is beautiful . It appears to be England . However , Ivy 's apartment building certainly looks like the Brill Building , with its fascinating elevators.<br /><br />Charles Mendl is listed as playing " Sir Charles Gage " . Maybe I blinked , but I never saw him . Perhaps he was the husband 's lawyer , but , again , I do n't recall that character being in the film , other than being mentioned as having made a phone call . Perhaps he was in the aviation scene ? Or the ballroom scene ? Did anyone spot him?<br /><br />Herbert Marshall was 57 years old when he shot this film .
1 Joan Fontaine here is entirely convincing as an amoral beauty who is entirely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself . Her husband ( Richard Ney ) has lost all his money through a combination of his foolhardiness and her extravagance , and they are reduced to living in a tiny room , with little or no prospects . They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing were wrong . He is a charming , feckless , but wholly amiable fellow . However , Fontaine decides he has to go , as he has outlived his usefulness . So she resolves to poison him when she realizes he does not want to divorce her , so that she can move on . She has meanwhile had a lover ( Patric Knowles ) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either . She meets the aging Herbert Marshall , who has a yacht with all the trimmings and more money than even Fontaine could figure out how to spend . She targets him and decides he will do nicely . He is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty . He certainly is n't very exciting , and has about as much sex appeal as yesterday 's omelette . But Fontaine is one of those gals who has eyes only for money , and the man standing between her and it is transparent , so that she does n't even notice or care what he looks like , she looks through him and sees what she really wants and goes for it . She proceeds to poison her husband , and dispatches him very neatly and satisfactorily , so that everything is going well . But as always happens in the movies , and sometimes even in life , some unexpected things begin to go wrong , and the tension rises appreciably , so that Fontaine begins to sweat . Fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified , and as the net begins to close in on her , her rising sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats . Hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning . But she finds a fall guy for her crime in the person of her cast off lover , who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up . He is condemned to death for murder , because the husband 's death by poison came to light unexpectedly . But Sir Cedric Hardwicke , playing a grimly determined Scotland yard inspector , thinks there may be something amiss , and begins to doubt the story and suspect Fontaine . He closes in on her , and some of the scenes as this happens are inspired portrayals of the wildest panic . But will the innocent man 's life be saved before he is executed ? Will Fontaine worm her way out of this one ? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to safeguard his infatuation ? This film is expertly directed by Sam Wood , and the film is a really superb suspense thriller which I suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior film noir .
1 Having seen the short a number of times at horror movie marathons , I believe it to be a humorous parody that slices to the main point of its reference.<br /><br />Though the themes are crusty and stale to today 's viewers , it is by no means a crumby waste of time.<br /><br />Though being a student film gives little rise to an excuse , the proof is that it appears crafted with care on a budget of little to no dough.<br /><br />As noted by another reviewer , it is less than ten minutes which is plenty of time to cleanse the viewing palate with a toast of joy , sit back and loaf idly through the film.<br /><br />I think this short - bread of a film should be enjoyed as an appetizer for the title reference and the viewer should relax and roll with it .
1 Being someone who lists Night of the Living Dead at number three in her top five favorite movies of all time , and at the same time loving this student film parody , I feel I must defend this movie against the previously posted scathing reviews . This short but sweet opus has always been a crowd - pleaser at horror and science fiction movie marathons where those who attend have a love of the genre yet know not to take zombie movies too seriously . This film is a tribute to the original , not an insult . It is intended to be funny , and many others who I have heard chant for and applaud it agree with me that it succeeds . Especially for those of us who have seen NOTLD 50 + times . Watch for the director cameo as news reporter Jeff Drexel , and also if you have the opportunity catch his Alien parody , Loaf .
1 I just viewed this great good - natured parody of Night of the Living Dead , and I have to say it was so awful and so corny it was excellent . This movie incorporated all the antics and scenery shots that the original had including the cemetery , the supposable abandoned house , the basement and the front lawn . What I especially love about this movie is the comical use of bread and all the common household enemies bread has a grudge against . C'mon , we know that toasters , toaster ovens and zip - locks have done bread in a dozen times and now we must call for their help in order to defeat the reanimated bread . Aside from the cheap acting and voice - overs , this short horror film is my personal favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead , even better than Night of the Living Dead of 1990.<br /><br />I think what makes this movie worth watching is how the writers and directors utilized all the dialogue from the original movie and revolved it around bread , including how the bread became reanimated and to avoid leftovers because they are especially dangerous . Another great reason why I love this movie is that , there is no exception as to what bread is evil , bagels are evil and even communions are evil , which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a newscaster and a rather monotone priest . I think that the actors are especially humorous performing the deed of being viscously attacked by slices of bread ( i.e. the car scene ) . I think the end is very worth sticking around.<br /><br />Even though this is a short and that " Night of the Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of the Terror of the Attack of the Evil , Mutant , Alien , Flesh Eating , Hellbound , Zombified Living Dead Part 2 : In Shocking 2-D " is debatably another great parody , it 's still recommend as a great horror parody done by , what seems to be college filmmakers . I highly recommend this movie to anybody who is able to make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still have respect for the filmmakers . I would also like to recommend this movie to anybody who loves D - movies and horror parody 's , it 's just a wonderful little short horror film that 's fun to watch and learn .
1 Before viewing , please make sure you have seen Night of the Living Dead ... This might well be THE best 7 minute parody I have ever seen ! Absurd , crappy ' special effects ' ( the rope , the rope ! ! ! ) , and maneating slices of bread ... what more do you need???<br /><br />(Do not watch this movie while eating bread ... you might get scared ! )
1 " Bread " very sharply skewers the conventions of horror movies in general and " Night of the Living Dead " in specific and is constantly inventive . The production values are a little rough at times ( it 's a student film , after all ) , but it never loses sight of its goal to entertain . Hey -- George Romero liked it enough to include it on the remastered " Dead " video tape , laserdisc and DVD ... that should tell you something .
1 By 1987 Hong Kong had given the world such films as Sammo Hung 's ` Encounters of the Spooky Kind ' Chow Yun Fat in John Woo 's iconic ` A Better Tomorrow ' , ` Zu Warriors ' and the classic ` Mr Vampire ' . Jackie Chan was having international success on video , but it was with ` A Chinese Ghost Story ' that HK cinema had its first real crossover theatrical hit in the West for many years.<br /><br />Western filmgoers had never seen anything like it . It was a film that took various ingredients that HK cinema had used for years ( flying swordsman , wildly choreographed martial arts and the supernatural ) and blended them to create a film that was unique in its look , feel and execution . Forget the poor and unnecessary sequels it spawned , this is the original and best.<br /><br />Director Siu - Tung Ching ( still best known as an Action Choreographer on such films as Woo 's ` A Better Tomorrow 2'/'The Killer ' ) has , under the watchful eye of legendary Producer Tsui Hark , created a masterpiece of Fantasy / Horror cinema . And with such an expert crew at his disposal ( no less than 6 Martial Arts Coordinators ) the chances of the film being anything but wonderful would be unthinkable.<br /><br />The editing by the amazingly prolific David Wu ( who wrote / directed ` The Bride With White Hair 2 ' and edited such classic titles as ` A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3 ' , ` Hardboiled ' and the cult hit ` The Club ' ) is quite simply a work of genius . His crafting of the perfectly choreographed high flying , tree climbing sword fights makes them some of the best HK cinema has ever created . Fast moving , outlandish but never confusing they are , even today , the pinnacle of their art.<br /><br />The crew of cinematographers have also done miracles . This is a film where every shot is an expertly crafted painting . Where wonderful blue tinged night sequences , shrouded in an ever - present ghostly fog , are the breathtaking platform for our story to unfold . It 's a film where everything is used to weave a dreamlike beauty . Even the silken robes and dresses worn by Hsiao Tsing become living parts of the movie , whether in romantic sequences or battle scenes the ever present silk flows across the screen . Even a simple scene where Hsiao Tsing changes robes is turned into a thing of fluttering beauty as every skill on the set combines to create a most memorable scene from such a simple act . The sets are also amazing , giving an other worldly sense to the forests , and the temple and harshness to the scorched , flag filled wasteland of hell for the amazing finale . The production design by Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise.<br /><br />Another major factor to the films success is the music by Romeo Diaz and James Wong . Hong Kong films have given us some fantastic music and songs that have added so much to the success of a sequence , but on ` A Chinese Ghost Story ' the music is , quite simply , vital . From the opening song onwards the music becomes as important as the characters.<br /><br />The score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instruments . Drums , bells and guitars pound away over the action sequences to great effect , but it 's in the slower , achingly romantic pieces that it comes into it 's own . Here ; flutes , strings and female choral effects create what are possibly the finest pieces of music heard in an HK film . Add to this the female vocal , stunningly beautiful song that plays over Tsau - shen 's and Hsiao Tsing 's love making , ( nothing is ever seen , but the effect is wonderful . This is lovingly innocent movie romance ) and you have a shining example of the power a film 's music can have.<br /><br />And we of course have the acting talent . Leslie Cheung ( ` A Better Tomorrow 1 & 2 ' and a very popular singer ) is outstanding as the innocent tax collector . His work in the ( thankfully mild ) comic sequences is never over the top and his scenes with Joey Wang are played with just the right amount of passion and innocence.<br /><br />Joey Wang ( who would later be mostly relegated to support roles in films like the Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau classic " God of Gamblers " ) has never looked more radiant than how she does here . She is the epitome of ethereal beauty . Her portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsing is stunning . She shows her characters sadness at what she has become and what she is made to do , but also gives off a subtle eroticism in the scenes where she is luring the men to their gruesome deaths . Veteran actor Wu Ma ( ` Mr . Vampire ' , ` Swordsman ' ) is great fun as the wise , brave , but ever so grumpy , Yen . He treads a fine line between the eccentric and the annoying with practised ease . And what so easily could have been a character that could have harmed the film is actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable.<br /><br />But what about the monsters and beasties ? , I hear you cry . Well they range from the rather crude but fun stop motion / animatronic zombies that inhabit the temple ( resulting in a great running gag with constantly thwarted attempts to munch on the amusingly unsuspecting Tsau - shen ) , to the rather cheesy but surprisingly effective Lord Black . Complete with an arsenal of vicious flying heads , and quite outstanding wire work . Most of which has , to this day , never been topped.<br /><br />But the most outstanding effect and creation is the tree spirit 's killer tongue . We first encounter this thing with an ` Evil Dead ' style rushing camera effect as it powers down its victims throats to deliver a lethal French kiss that turns the victims into zombiefied husks . But later it 's shown in all its crazy glory . It can grow so big and long that it shoots through the forest after prey , rips apart trees , wraps itself around buildings and coils it 's slimy length around people before picking them up and throwing them against tree trunks ! ! It can even split open to reveal a fang filled mouth ! It 's an outrageous idea that given the deeply romantic main plot should n't work . But it does , to fantastic and unforgettable effect.<br /><br />So what all this adds up to is a classic example of Hong Kong movie making . A true team effort that has given us a truly ground breaking movie . It 's a film packed with wit , invention , action , monsters , martial arts , ghosts , fantastic ideas , lush visuals , beautiful music , and most important to it 's enduring charm , one of cinemas most moving romances .
1 I saw this movie first on the Berlin Film Festival , and I had never seen Hong Kong cinema before . I felt like sitting in a roller coaster : the action was so quick , and there was n't one boring moment throughout the film . It has martial arts , love , special effects and a fantastic plot . My favorite scene is when the Taoist drinks , sings and fights for himself - one of the many scenes which stress the extraordinary musical component of the movie . This film is a definite must ! !
1 I first saw this film when it was transmitted around 1988 by the BBC when I was working on UK 's 2000AD . My pal Steve Parkhouse recorded it on VHS and sent it to me . Up till this point , I 'd really only seen the Shaw Bros kung fu movies , with their harsh lighting ( so audience could see the moves clearly ) , so it was a revelation to me to see something that looked like it had been lit by Ridley Scott coming out of Hong Kong . This was also my first exposure to the movies of Tsui Hark ( pronounced , apparently , " Choy Huk").<br /><br />Yet for all the smoky , back - lit exteriors and ambitious special effects ( Stop - motion ? In a Hong Kong Movie ? ) at the heart of Chinese GHOST STORY lies a simple and moving love story , made all the more real by the outstanding acting talent of Leslie Cheung ( what a tragic , tragic waste of a life ! ) and the beauty and elegance of Joey Wong . Granted Joey is gorgeous , but it 's her balletic hand gestures that give her character an unattainable eroticism that 's hard to analyse . And though Joey is now almost 20 years older ( gawd , which of us is n't ? ) this will always be the enduring image of that actress.<br /><br />Some reviewers here have said that the film is simplistic and lacks any surprises , but they 're missing the fact that this movie was based on a famous Chinese story written by Pu Songling around 1700 ! That 's a bit like complaining that Romeo and Juliet has a predictable ending and just copies WEST SIDE STORY . ( Just wanted to get that off my chest!)<br /><br />For me , Chinese GHOST STORY is the quintessential romantic tale . It has high tragedy , because we know that Chio Sin and Sin Seen can never be together . It 's about becoming mature , for none of us can mature until we 've experienced great loss . It 's about sacrifice , for sacrifice is an essential component of True Love . And the comedy stylings of Wu Ma do n't hurt a bit , either.<br /><br />Enjoy Chinese GHOST STORY by trying not to view it through a filter of Western culture and you 'll get on with it just fine .
1 This movie is incredible . With great characters , specially the old swordsman that can fly in the shape of fireball and jump across the trees , this film tells a classic story of battle between good and forces of evil . The final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool.<br /><br />Very , very recommendable . Not for the smallest children though . This one deserves a 10 .
1 This is the best Chinese movie I have ever seen , and , in my opinion , a lot better than Hero or Chrouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon . The movie is a unique combination of several genres : It 's a beautiful love story , action movie , comedy and horror at the same time . And the most amazing thing is that it really succeeds in all of this!<br /><br />This movie definitely makes it to my top 5 , and should be enjoyable to every movie lover . The action sequences do have the traditional unrealistic jumping and even flying , but the way it 's shot differs from the style of Hero a lot and the flying always looks great and usually even makes sense ( ghosts can fly)<br /><br />See this movie , you wo n't regret it . 10/10
1 This movie is one of my favourites . It is a genre - mixture with ingredients of the Action-/Horror-/Romantic-/Comedygenre . Some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards . This minor flaw is easily ignored . There is so much to discover in this story . The romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts . The visuals are beautiful too . The action is great which is no surprise , it is originating from Honkong , birthplace of the world 's best action movies . The humour sometimes seems a little bit silly but in a good way . Somehow this movie is being able to balance the different moods and keeps being good . Absolutely recommended .
1 I saw this movie in my childhood . And after 10 years I did not remember anything about this movie but I found out it I also do n't know how I was able to find out this movie . Its my life . My all times favorite movie . My words will fall short of true meaning what I have inside for this movie . I follow this movie . It 's a brilliant mix of fantasy , comedy , romance , horror , erotic , scary and martial arts . The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm . It 's a masterpiece of Hong Kong Cinema.<br /><br />Sinnui Yauman , is without a doubt one of the best ghost stories ever made into film . Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu - Tung Ching , A Chinese Ghost Story has it all . Ling Choi Sin played by Leslie Cheung is a young man down on his luck who goes in search of a monastery for lodging , deep in the woods , a place the villagers seem very afraid to go near . The trek alone is perilous with wolves , and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple.<br /><br />Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing , a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple . She is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress , but when she meets innocent Ling Choi Sin they fall in love.<br /><br />Ling Choi Sin is sort of a bumbling fool but his heart is in the right place , while Tsing tries to protect him from the other spirits in the woods , he tries to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirits in the woods . There 's great martial arts , even a monk that breaks out into drunken song as he performs ritual taoist sword forms . The movie does a lot of traditional old martial art films acrobatics , with magic and flying through the air , leaping from tree to tree , with elegant long gowns and scarves , but the movie genuinely flows , and everything is effective.<br /><br />Tsing is to be married to a evil tree monster , which ca nt be good , and we feel her plight in her home where we meet her sisters and stepmother who is truly not nice.<br /><br />In the end they must fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue , and go with Yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a thousand year old evil to save their souls , and bring Ling 's ashes back to her home for a proper burial so she may have a chance at reincarnation.<br /><br />A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details . One is touched in many ways by this movie , you 'll laugh , cry , and just have fun with the great martial arts and cinematography . And though at the end , Yin and Ling Choi Sin ride off into the morning sun under a enchanting rainbow , we never know if Tsing was afforded a reincarnation , but we do know her .
1 Sinnui yauman , is without a doubt one of the best ghost stories ever made into film . Written by Songling Pu and directed by Siu - Tung Ching , A Chinese Ghost Story has it all . Ling Choi Sin played by Leslie Cheung is a young man down on his luck who goes in search of a monastery for lodging , deep in the woods , a place the villagers seem very afraid to go near . The trek alone is perilous with wolves , and a crazy taoist monk lives at the temple.<br /><br />Ling Choi Sin meets Tsing , a beautiful and mysterious young girl who also lives nearby in a deserted temple . She is forced to seduce men for her evil mistress , but when she meets innocent Ling Choi Sin they fall in love.<br /><br />Ling Choi Sin is sort of a bumbling fool but his heart is in the right place , while Tsing tries to protect him from the other spirits in the woods , he tries to protect her from the monk who is trying to kill the spirits in the woods . There 's great martial arts , even a monk that breaks out into drunken song as he performs ritual taoist sword forms . The movie does a lot of traditional old martial art films acrobatics , with magic and flying through the air , leaping from tree to tree , with elegant long gowns and scarves , but the movie genuinely flows , and everything is effective.<br /><br />Tsing is to be married to a evil tree monster , which ca nt be good , and we feel her plight in her home where we meet her sisters and stepmother who is truly not nice.<br /><br />In the end they must fight a tree witch with a deadly tongue , and go with Yin deep into the heart of hell to fight a thousand year old evil to save their souls , and bring Ling 's ashes back to her home for a proper burial so she may have a chance at reincarnation.<br /><br />A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details . One is touched in many ways by this movie , you 'll laugh , cry , and just have fun with the great martial arts and cinematography . And though at the end , Yin and Ling Choi Sin ride off into the morning sun under a enchanting rainbow , we never know if Tsing was afforded a reincarnation , but we do know her
1 First things first , the female lead is too gorgeous to be missed . Now actress Wang Zu Xian , the one who played Xiao Qian in the movie , is 42 years old and well aged . It 's always good to review these glorious times when seeing old - school HongKong productions like this.<br /><br />The movie is one of the most influential titles made in 1980s . The art set decoration and other aesthetic facets are all mesmerizing . More fantastically the movie had a total black humorous undertone in it . It feels like a horror movie but ultimately it 's not scaring , but only fun.<br /><br />I had the experience of translating the second script of " A Chinese Ghotst Story " , and I thought that script was a decent write . However when I saw the movie , I firstly was disappointed in seeing the movie different from the script , like in a smaller scale and involving more comic roles . However , it turned out to be better executed in terms of being entertaining.<br /><br />If you have seen the Lord of the Rings , you will notice the similarities in this movie to LOTR . The climax is like a mirror of Miranda Otto fighting with the Ring Witch . It 's definitely a laugh - out - loud . Bravo !
1 Though I 'm not the biggest fan of wirework based martial arts films , when a film goes straight for fantasy rather than fighting I get a lot more fun out of it and this film is one of the best in terms of fantastical plotting and crazy flying shenanigans . Ching Siu Tung has crafted here an enchanting treat with fine performance and much ethereal beauty . The great , tragic Leslie Cheung plays a tax collector hero who stays the night in a haunted temple and gets involved with a stunning fox spirit and a wacky Taoist . Cheungs performance is filled with naive but dignified charm and Wu Ma is pleasingly off the wall as the Taoist monk , who shows off some swordplay and even gets a musical number . Perhaps best off all is Joey Wang as the fox spirit , truly a delight to behold with every movement and gesture entrancingly seductive . The film takes in elements of fantasy , horror , comedy and romance , all stirred together into a constantly entertaining package . Ching Siu Tung , directing and handling the choreography gives some neat wirework thrills , and fills the film with mists , shadows and eerily enthralling benighted forest colours , giving every forest scene a wonderfully bewitching atmosphere . Also notable are the elaborate hair stylings and gorgeous flowing garments of the female characters , with , if I 'm not mistaken , Joey Wang sporting hair done up like fox ears at times , a marvellous touch . Though the film features relatively little action and some perhaps ill advised cheesy pop songs at times , this is a beautiful piece of entertainment , with swell characters and plotting , even the odd neat character arc , a near constant supply of visual treats and copious dreamy atmosphere . An ethereal treasure , highly recommended .
1 A masterpiece of comedy , a masterpiece of horror , a masterpiece of romance , if there is anything negative to say about A Chinese Ghost Story , it might be that the special effects looked dated in comparison to modern technology . The film has a simple premise : a poor debt collector has to stay in a secluded area while trying to collect a debt . Of course , it happens to be haunted as well.<br /><br />What I was n't expecting the first time I saw this film is that it 's one of the most touching love stories I 've ever seen ; that is without losing any of the slapstick comedy that will have you in stitches . Unlike some films of Asian cinema , A Chinese Ghost Story is n't hard to swallow for those that are n't versed in Chinese culture . Indeed , it plays on timeless , cultureless themes of the paranormal and romance.<br /><br />Think Evil Dead 2 , if they had thrown a wonderful love story into the mix . This film is for real , despite being overlooked by many . It 's absolutely among the best I 've ever seen . It 's ability to combine the best aspects of multiple genres , and cross cultural boundaries in order to appeal to humanity everywhere , is nothing short of fantastic . Highly recommended , 10/10 .
1 Ching Siu Tung 's and Tsui Hark 's A Chinese Ghost Story , aside from being one of the greatest wuxia pian films ever made , is a beautiful and romantic love story as well as an impressively choreographed martial arts film that should belong in every film lover 's collection . The sorely missed Hong Kong superstar Leslie Cheung plays a traveling tax collector who spends the night at a haunted temple . While staying at the temple , he meets a colorful cast of characters that include the swordsmen Yin ( Wu Ma ) and Hsiao Hou , the Tree Devil , and the beautiful ghost Lit Sin Seen , played by the lovely Joey Wong.<br /><br />To free her from the clutches of the evil Tree Devil , he must reincarnate her body and travel to the underworld to defeat an even more powerful demon.<br /><br />Enough good things ca n't be said about this film . The pacing is perfect , with a great combination of romance , action , fantasy and humor , and the feverishly paced finale should leave you with little chance to breathe . The chemistry between the wonderfully tragic Joey Wong and Leslie Cheung ( whose legendary career ended much too soon ) really allows the viewer to feel for both of them . Indeed the acting on the whole is so vivacious and full of life , I would say this is one of the most fun viewing experiences I 've ever had . Much of the credit goes to Wu Ma in his portrayal of the mysterious Swordsman Yin . His over - the - top persona of a disillusioned swordsman hell bent on vanquishing evil leads to some great moments of humor and traditional HK drama . A wonderful score , lush cinematography with eye popping colors , and frenetic action pieces courtesy of Ching Siu Tung round out this wonderful film . Find a copy anywhere you can . 10/10
1 There are 21 comments as I add mine to this list and there is barely a criticism . This is because this film is terrific entertainment and has a bit of everything in it.<br /><br />It is perhaps a little frightening for younger children but my 15-year old son thought it was fantastic in every way from the action , to the humour and even to the beautiful music score.<br /><br />I buy DVDs only when I know that they are going to be regularly watched and now that this is finally available in the UK , I will certainly be adding it to my collection .
1 Once in a while , a film comes along that raises the bar for every other film in its genre . A film of this caliber will influence many films following its release for years to come . ` A Chinese Ghost Story ' falls in this category . It is arguably one of the best horror films made during the 1980 's ; possibly one of the best ever made.<br /><br />The filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan . The story is engrossing and original . The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening . The sets are creepy and atmospheric . There is even a little blood and gore to satisfy the splatter fan of the house . But do n't let the ` horror ' label scare you off , if you 're not a fan of the genre . This film easily fits into many different categories.<br /><br />The screenwriter has deftly blended the drama , comedy , horror , kung fu , and romance genres into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza . ` A Chinese Ghost Story ' is a beautiful epic love story told , thankfully , without the gratuitous nudity and/or explicit sex scenes that have ruined many Hollywood ` love stories ' . Those put off by the romantic elements of the story can sit back and revel in the fast - paced swordplay and ` wire - fu ' . If that 's not enough , actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma provide enough humorous situations to satiate your appetite for comedy . This film offers something for every film fan.<br /><br />Director Siu - Tung Ching and Producer Tsui Hark assembled a truly amazing cast for this film . Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor , but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian . I can not possibly think of a performer other than Cheung who could have portrayed Ling Choi Sin better ( except maybe Chow Yun Fat ) . Joey Wang is enchanting as Lit Su Seen , the enslaved spirit who steals the heart of Cheung 's character . Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable . Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who aids the young lovers.<br /><br />On technical level , this film is very impressive , even by today 's standards . The direction is superb . I wish that today 's Hollywood executives would seek out talented artists like Siu - Tung Ching rather falling back on the usual MTV video or Pepsi commercial ` directors ' . The cinematography is gorgeous . You have to commend any cinematographer who can make a film look good when most of its pivotal scenes take place in the dead of night . The special effects make - up is top - notch . In fact , most of the creature effects in this film blow away the shoddy CGI ghouls and goblins that have become commonplace in modern horror films.<br /><br />Since its release , " A Chinese Ghost Story " has spawned two worthy sequels , a full - length animated movie , and countless imitations . None of the films that followed it or copied it were able to capture the magic of this classic , however . This film is required viewing for any horror fan or just anyone looking for great way to spend 95 minutes of your time . 10 out 10.<br /><br / >
1 For long time I have n't seen such a good fantasy movie , magic fights here are even better than in LOTR , even considering that it 's a 1987 movie and have n't computer special effects . This movie have good plot , good acting and interesting ideas . Recommend everybody to see it .
1 Can not believe a movie that can be made that good in 1987 and is virtually unknown in the west . Not to repeat other reviews here . The score is very good and moving . Literally it means " Dawn please never comes " - when it comes , the beautiful ghost and the lover will be apart forever . After 24 years , Joel and Leslie still look great . I enjoyed Joel in God of Gamblers and many movies by Leslie including Better Tomorrow .
1 " Chinese Ghost Story " is one of the most amazing Hong Kong films I have ever seen . It 's a brilliant mix of fantasy , comedy , romance , horror and martial arts . The film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights . I love especially the fight scene between Wu Ma and the tree demon tongue . Truly original and refreshing film and another Embalmer 's fine recommendation .
1 Just read the original story which is written by Pu in 18th century . Strikingly , the movie despict the original spirit very well , though the plot was modified tremendously . The film language , the rhythm , the special effect are all from hollywood , but still there is a chinese core . It is amazing how Hark Tsui managed to combine them together . The result is pure beauty .
1 A mix of comedy , romance , music ( ? ! ) , action and horror . A knockout . This is one of the reasons people rave about Hong Kong cinema . If you 're looking for something totally original , look no further . Entertainment at it 's peak .
1 There 's never a dull moment in this movie . Wonderful visuals , good actors , and a classical story of the fight of good and evil . Mostly very funny , sometimes even scary . A true classic , a movie everybody should see .
1 If there is a movie to be called perfect then this is it . So bad it was n't intended to be that way . But superb anyway ... Go find it somewhere . Whatever you do ... Do not miss it ! ! !
1 A Chinese Ghost Story stars the late , great Leslie Cheung as Ling Choi Sin , a penniless tax collector who decides to spend the night at a deserted temple , where he meets and falls for a beautiful woman called Tsing ( Joey Wang ) . When Ling discovers that Tsing is actually a ghost who has been forced to seduce victims for an evil tree spirit who feeds on ' chi ' ( life force ) , he decides to try and free the girl by giving her remains a proper burial . Enlisting the help of Swordsman Yin ( Wu ma ) , a crazy Taoist monk , Ling successfully defeats the tree spirit , but must also do battle in hell against the evil Lord Black , to whom Tsing is due to be wed.<br /><br />The first Hong Kong film that I saw which was n't purely martial arts action , A Chinese Ghost Story opened my eyes to the incredible world of Asian fantasy horror , a magical realm inhabited by beautiful female ghosts , bumbling innocent heroes , sword wielding Taoist monks , monstrous spirits , and dark lords of the underworld ; I instantly fell in love with the film 's exuberance , energy , humour , inventiveness and visual excellence.<br /><br />Two decades later , and this amazing movie still remains one of the finest examples of its genre that I have seena sumptuous , breathtaking masterpiece that brilliantly blends horror , comedy , fantasy and romance . With superb direction from Siu - Tung Ching , excellent editing from David Wu , stunning cinematography , and a whole slew of imaginative special effects ( including a humongous killer tongue , a many tentacled monster , and multiple flying heads ! ) , A Chinese Ghost Story is a completely unforgettable and thoroughly enjoyable experience from start to finish .
1 Was n't quite sure what to expect with this one , outside of the uniform positive reviews I 've read . Turns out , I could have never imagined this movie , because it 's very close to " The Bride with White Hair " in being operatic and dealing with the fantastic . This walks a fine line between being a farce , a comedy , and just plain good old fashion ghost story telling . There 's nothing scary about it , that 's not the theme , it 's really mostly a love story dealing with a bumbling guy who encounters a beautiful ghost , who is in a lot of trouble with other ghosts . So the main theme is the guy trying to save the beautiful ghost . This also takes place in ancient China , with wild outlandish Kung Fu exhibitions , and a trip to hell ( more or less ) . Some of the stop - action ghosts are pretty cool , and the visual effects are top rate all the way . I could watch this genre of Chinese movies all day , because they are highly entertaining , great visuals , and pretty much tongue - in - cheek . And I 'm looking forward to watching the first sequel of this movie also . Highly recommended .
1 this is a great movie . i like it where ning climbs down to get his ink , and the skeletons chase him , but luckily he dodged them , opened the window , and did n't even notice them . xiao qian is very pretty too . & when he stuck the needle up ma Wu 's butt , its hysterical . and when he is saying love is the greatest thing on earth while standing between two swords is great too . then also the part where he eats his buns while watching thew guy kill many people . then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves . the love scenes are romantic , xiao qian and ning look cute together . add the comic timing , the giant tongue , and u have horror , romance , comedy , all at once . not to mention superb special effects for the 90s .
1 I ca n't remember many films where a bumbling idiot of a hero was so funny throughout . Leslie Cheung is such the antithesis of a hero that he 's too dense to be seduced by a gorgeous vampire ... I had the good luck to see it on a big screen , and to find a video to watch again and again . 9/10
1 Master director Ching Siu Tung 's perhaps most popular achievement is this series , A Chinese Ghost Story 1 - 3 . Chinese Ghost Story stars Leslie Cheung in some distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his " collecting trip " in a mysterious castle in which some strange old warriors fight and meet him . Beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under a domination of one powerful demon , a wood devil who collects human souls for herself / itself with the help of her beautiful ghosts . Leslie and Joey fall in love , and even though ghosts are not allowed to live with humans , they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives . This is not what the wood devil thinks and our protagonists have to fight for their lives and their happiness.<br /><br />This film is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung . His masterpieces include Duel to the Death ( 1983 ) and the Swordsman series , which all have incredible visuals and kinetic power in their action scenes . Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere , which is lightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good willing ghost . The effects are simply breath taking and would work at their greatest power in the big screen . The camera is moving and twisted all the time and it adds to the fairy tale atmosphere this film has . There 's plenty of wire'fu stunts , too , and even though some think they are and look gratuitous or stupid when used in films , I can not agree and think they give motion pictures the kind of magic , freedom and creativeness any other tool could not give . When people fly in these films , it means the films are not just about our world , and they usually depict things larger than life with the power of this larger than life art form.<br /><br />The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm , but the problem is ( again ) that the characters are little too shallow and act unexplainably occasionally . Leslie and Joey should have been written with greater care and their characters should be even more warm , deep and genuine in order to give the story a greater power and thus make the film even more noteworthy and important achievement . Also , the message about love and power of it is underlined little too much at one point and it should have been left just to the viewer 's mind to be interpreted and found . Another negative point about the dialogue is that it 's too plenty and people talk in this film without a reason . That is very irritating and sadly shows the flaws many scriptwriters tend to do when they write their movies . People just talk and talk and it 's all there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible and so the film is not too challenging or believable as it has this gratuitous element . Just think about the films of the Japanese film maker Takeshi Kitano ; his films have very little dialogue and all there is is all the necessary as he tells his things by other tools of cinema and never talks , or makes other characters talk too much in his movies . This is just the talent the writers should have in order to write greater scripts.<br /><br />Otherwise , Chinese Ghost Story is very beautiful and visually breath taking piece of Eastern cinema , and also the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and hopefully earned some award in the Hong Kong film awards back then . I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the flaws mentioned above , this would without a doubt be almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre .
1 It 's sort of crazy , but I taped from TCM both , this german version of MGM 's " Anna Christie " , and the english one ... but I got to see this one first , 'cos I 'd heard that many people thought it was better than the english version.<br /><br />Without having seen the other one , I can not compare them , but anyway this is an excellent early talkie , with a straight - from - the - heart performance by Garbo . She looks very beautiful in this film , her face shines throughout , especially when Cameraman William Daniels , gets those gorgeous close - ups of her.<br /><br />The atmosphere of the film seems different from the regular MGM stuff made on that era , it looks very similar to french or german expressionistic films from the thirties , well it was directed by a great french director , Monsieur Jacques Feyder , who had directed Garbo in 1929 in " The Kiss".<br /><br />Theo Shall is excellent and gives an absolutelly believable performance as Anna 's sweetheart , the hard - boiled , tough , sailor , who 's just a kid in man 's body . Also Hans Junkermann gives a very fine performance , as Anna 's alcoholic father and Salka Viertel too , as a good - hearted old cheap floozie.<br /><br />In all quite an experience , because it 's the only film were you can listen to Garbo speak in a foreign language ... 'cos all the other films she did in either Sweden or Germany , were during the Silent Era.<br /><br />Serious Flick .
1 This version of Anna Christie is in German . Greta Garbo again plays Anna Christie , but all of the other characters have different actors from the English version . Both were filmed back to back because Garbo had such a following in Germany . Garbo herself supposedly favored her Anna Christie in this version over the English version . It 's a good tale and a must - see for Garbo fans .
1 Filmed by MGM on the same sets as the English version , but in German , Garbo 's second portrayal of " Anna Christie " benefited from practice and her apparent ease with German dialog . Garbo appears more relaxed and natural under Jacques Feyder 's direction than under Clarence Brown 's , and her silent movie mannerisms have all but disappeared , which made her transition to sound complete . The strength she brought to the character remains here , although it has been softened , and Garbo reveals more of Anna 's vulnerability . The entire cast , with the exception of Garbo , is different from the previous version of the film , and Garbo benefits from not having to compete with Marie Dressler , who stole every scene she was in during the English - language version . In Feyder 's film , Garbo holds the center of attention throughout , although the three supporting players , particularly the father , gave excellent performances.<br /><br />Feyder 's direction was more assured than Clarence Brown 's , and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem as constrained by the new sound process as did those of Brown . The film moves with more fluidity than the English language adaptation , and the static nature of the first film has been replaced with a flow that maintains viewer interest . Even William Daniels cinematography seems improved over his filming of the Brown version . He captured Garbo 's luminescence and the atmospherics of the docks with style . Also , the screenplay adaptation for the European audience made Anna 's profession quite clear from the start , and the explicitness clarifies for viewers who were unfamiliar with the play as to what was only implied in the Brown filming . However , the film was made before the Production Code was introduced , which made the censorship puzzling.<br /><br />Garbo 's Oscar nomination for " Anna Christie " was always somewhat mystifying , and I suspected that the nod was given more in recognition of her relatively smooth transition to sound films than for her performance . However , some of the Academy voters may have seen the German - language version of the film , and they realized , as will contemporary viewers , that her " Anna Christie " under Feyder 's direction was definitely Oscar worthy .
1 After Garbo 's introduction to sound in Clarence Brown 's " Anna Christie " , Jacques Feyder made a German version of the movie where all of the cast , except for Garbo , were different . While the American version is still more available in the USA and most of the American viewers have primarily seen this version , the Germna " Anna Christie " is more likely to be viewed in Europe . As I have seen both films , I feel the right to compare the two closely - knit productions . Is Jacques Feyder 's film different ? Is it better than Clarence Brown 's ? < br /><br />In this analysis , I would like to focus first on what the both movies have in common . They have identical sets , very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes . Here , you also find the story of the young woman who comes back to her father after years of absence and is trying to start a new life . Here , you also have the humorous , though a bit shorter , sequence in the amusement park . However , when emphasizing Garbo herself , I address the first difference . She does not appear to cause such a curiosity while talking . The viewer concentrates more on her acting than on the way she speaks , which occurred , most probably , to 1931 viewers . Garbo was very good in American film and she is also very good here . Yet , to me , she seems even more genuine in the German version . It is noticeable that Garbo does not focus on the way she says the words that much ( the effort that was artificially created by the sensation : GARBO TALKS ! ) . Her German is not very well pronounced ; yet no one cares : everything is perfectly understood . Therefore , I can easily say the same I did in my American version comment : Skaal Greta Garbo ! < br /><br />Yet , the film differs in one very important issue : the rest of the cast . Here comes the question : which portrayal seems more captivating , which one is better for sure ? The differences are filled with varieties . Salka Viertel ( or Salka Steuerman ) , Garbo 's lifelong friend , does not do the equally great job as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens . She is not bad , she is different , sometimes overacts ( from today 's perspective ) but is no longer that genuine in the role as Marie Dressler who still amuses us and whose moments have absolutely stood a test of time . Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and that opinion , though appears to be questionable of course , carries some truth . Theo Shall is more sympathetic as Matt than Charles Bickford but when applied to him , this is not the matter of performance so much as the mater of looks.<br /><br />Who shines in the German " Anna Christie " , who is really worth greatest attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson , Anna 's father . George F. Marion vs Hans Junkermann is like a day vs night difference . Junkermann portrays a real alcohol addict , a man with hopes , with fears , who overdoes the care of his daughter . The scene of Anna 's first meeting with her father is truly magnificent , the opening moment of Chris ' conversation with Marthy is memorable particularly thanks to his facial expressions and a flawless performance . Junkermann is the Chris whom you like , who you sometimes laugh at , whom you sympathize with , who leaves a picture of a calm alcoholic sailor in your mind . Great ! < br /><br />If you have seen the American " Anna Christie " and have a chance to get the German version , I would highly recommend to you this movie because it 's a slightly different look at the story , a nice and accurate way to compare , a fine enrichment to Clarence Brown 's movie and , foremost , a wonderful chance to discover a marvel of performance : Hans Junkermann 's . Skaal or Prost , Hans Junkermann !
1 Anna Christie ( 1931)<br /><br />On its own terms , this version of Garbo 's Anna Christie , shot a year later in German with a whole new cast , is just toned down and refined enough to work better than the English version ( both are American MGM productions ) . Garbo is if anything more commanding ( or more beautiful as a screen presence ) and her acting is more restrained . And she seems frankly more at ease , probably for a lot of reasons , but we can speculate that she was no longer making her first talking picture , so had adjusted quickly.<br /><br />Without comparing always one film to the other , this Anna Christie is still the same O'Neill play with too many words . His themes of a woman wanting love without losing her independence are here , but it comes off as oddly old fashioned anyway . There are some scenes missing -- the Coney Island section is shortened and is n't as good -- but overall it 's a direct echo of the first film . The director , Jacques Feyder ( Belgian - French ) , is simply redoing what was done already , which I assume must be a frustrating experience.<br /><br />It 's interesting to see both films in succession because they are blocked out exactly the same way ( not only the sets , but the shots , are all the same ) . There is an occasional scene lifted from the earlier film -- some of the storm , understandably , but also a brief scene where Marie Dressler ( from the English language version ) is walking with her friend on a plank over a canal , drunk as can be . But they are just silhouettes , and when the next scene shows their faces , we see the German actors taking their parts . There is no replacing Dressler , for sure , but for me the German father is more believable and honest in his performance.<br /><br />Clearly the themes -- immigration , wayward fathers , daughters turning to prostitution , and the troubles of finding true love -- have strong currents back then , especially with European threads ( Garbo , appropriately , plays a Swedish young woman ) .
1 Fragile Carne , just before his great period . Although it is sometimes hesitantly directed , and marred by longueurs , HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s , as well as a relative lightness of touch unusual with this director . All of his great virtues are here : the cramped interiors broken up by gliding , complex , delicious camera movements ; a melancholy deployment of light and shade ; remarkable , wistful sets by Alexander Trauner , which are so evocative that they , as the title suggests , take on a shaping personality of their own ; the quietly mournful music of Maurice Jaubert ; a seemingly casual plot about romance , tragedy and fatalism that casts a noose over its characters ; extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players of all time , in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty.<br /><br />In fact , the film 's biggest failing , and I find myself astonished ( as someone who usually , didactically , minimises its importance ) to admit it , is its script . It has plenty of wit and poignancy , but without the poetry and irony regular Carne collaborator Jacques Prevert brought to their best films , it can not avoid slipping into cliche ( even if it is only cliche in hindsight).<br /><br />Ostensibly set in the boarding house , the film sets up its opening idea of community with two interconnecting tales of doomed love , and emotional , metaphysical and actual isolation The doomed love scenario is the one that works least well . Annabella is very beautiful , but not very good at doing tragic , while Aumont 's callowness , brilliantly appropriate though it may be , by its nature obtrudes any real , felt , romance . Maybe it 's just me , but I find it hard to sympathise with a couple , so young , so attractive , who , after only a few months , are so racked with despair that they have to shoot each other . Their high - flown lines are rather embarrassing too . Of course , this affair is not meant to be plausible - they are symbolic of youth , hope and possibility being crushed in France , or maybe France itself , despairing , resigned , waiting for death . For symbols to be truly powerful , they must convince on a narrative level , which , I feel , they do n't quite here.<br /><br />What saves this plot is its connection with the story of M. Edmond , a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters . Although we only learn it gradually , he is a killer in hiding , living off the prostitute played by Arletty , having dobbed in his accomplices . In his previous ' role ' - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had one set of traits ; in hiding he has assumed their complete opposite . Living a rather aimless life , he is profoundly shaken by the lovers ' pact , and becomes fatalistic , realising the folly of trying to cheat death.<br /><br />In this way - the admission that one is less a person than a collection of signs , and that death is an unavoidable reality the most powerful masculinity must succumb to - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville 's clinical killers . With one exception - he gives briefly into hope , a delusion which only strenghtens - if that 's not too much of an unbearable irony - his fatal resolve.<br /><br />All this could have been trite if it was n't for the truly amazing performance of Louis Jouvet . I had studied his theatrical work at college , but this was my first taste of his screen talents , and he reveals himself to be worthy of the greats - Grant , Mastroianni , Clift , Mason , Mitchum , Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a role which is more of a conception ( he , needless to say , is allegorical too ) than an actual person . Edmond begins the film a minor supporting character , but emerges as a tragic hero of some force . Like all those major actors , Jouvet 's brilliance lies in what he conceals.<br /><br />On a formal level , what amazes is Carne 's grasping , ten years before its flourishing , of the techniques of the great Hollywood melodramas of Sirk , Ophuls , Ray and Minnelli . Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and clear - eyed beauty of Sierck 's contemporary German melodramas ( check out the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA ) , Carne 's style truly fits his theme - that of entrapment , paralysis , resignation.<br /><br />The film 's principle motif is that of water - the credits float and dissolve , the hotel stands by a waterway - but instead of Renoir 's open river of possibility , we have a canal , stagnant and manmade , going nowhere . The film begins as it ends , and the setting never changes , except for one brief interlude from which both escapees are doomed to return . Characters can only escape through death - their entrapment is emphasised by the narrow rooms they occupy , the walls and frames that hold them captive , the windows that look out on an escape they can never achieve . Any hope at the end , therefore , is profoundly , if romantically , compromised .
1 " Hotel du Nord " is the only Carné movie from the 1936 - 1946 era which has dialogs not written by Jacques Prévert , but by Henri Jeanson . Janson was much more interested in the Jouvet / Arletty couple than in the pair of lovers , Annabella / Aumont . The latter is rather bland , and their story recalls oddly the Edith Piaf 's song " les amants d'un jour",except that the chanteuse 's tale is a tragic one . What 's fascinating today is this popular little world , the canal Saint - Martin settings.<br /><br />This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason . The pimp Jouvet tells his protégée Raymonde he wants a change of air(atmosphère ) Because she does not understand the meaning of the world atmosphère , the whore Raymonde ( wonderful Arletty)thinks it 's an insult and she delivers this line , that is , undeniably , the most famous of the whole French cinéma:<br /><br />In French : " Atmosphère?Atmosphère?Est - ce que j'ai une gueule d'atmosphère ? " Translation attempt:"Atmosphere?atmosphere?Have I got an atmosphere face ? This is our French " Nobody 's perfect " .
1 I suppose I always felt that Hotel du Nord was studio - bound , the movement of people cars and camera were just too effortlessly smooth and stagey to have been filmed on location . But no problem - it 's still a much underrated lovely composition from Marcel Carne . The plot seems a bit choppy at times , as if they were making it up as they went along , but because it is unpredictable holds the attention to the bitter end . The money shots when the 2 lovers are alone in their room are saddled with some rather stilted dialogue , but it 's all so lovely to fall into any inanity can be accepted . Are these 2 young people symbols of a cancerous hopelessness in pre - War France or simply idiots ? Suicide pacts are fairly common ; if the suicidees are young and healthy with their lives before them untrammelled would you think anything other than that they were just misguided fools?<br /><br />Arletty played the part of prostitute well - she kept that zipper on her dress busy throughout anyway ! I 've only seen a few films with Jouvet - he is the most impressive invention as pimp in HDN - my trouble is shallow : every time I see his face I think of Sonnie Hale in Evergreen!<br /><br />A remarkably atmospheric , well acted and photographed film with so much happening it needs a few viewings to get it all in place . Annabella and Aumont made an exceptionally beautiful couple ; Francois ( Heurtebise ) Perier in his 2nd film had a small amusing part as a gay man . All in all : wonderful .
1 This is an excellent film , and is the sort of treasure that one can only catch through sporadic cinema showings , as it is unavailable on video / DVD . The way that the film begins with the two lovers arriving , and ends with them leaving ( although quite a lot happens in between , and they do n't stay in one place during this time ) , gives you a sense of closure , and a feeling that all is right with the world . If you get a chance to see this film , then do . I ca n't wait to see it again , and wish that it could be put on general release .
1 I love this movie , Jouvet , Arletty , Blier , Carné ... almost everything has already been said about the movie , but there is one detail I 'd like to shed some light onto : no footage of the real , still standing , Hôtel du Nord ( is it still ? I heard it was to be demolished ... ) has been used for the movie - the whole scene has been rebuilt on set , the main reason being that they could not stop the traffic on the St Martin canal for several weeks .
1 A true classic . Beautifully filmed and acted . Reveals an area of Paris which is alive and filled with comedy and tragedy . Although the area of ' Hotel du Nord ' and the Hotel itself still exists , it is not as gay ( in the original sense of the word ) and joyful as it once must have been . The film makes one yearn for the past , which has been lost , with a sigh and bittersweetness .
1 Hotel Du Nord is a gripping drama of guilt in which Marcel Carne portrayed an entertaining tale of ill - fated love which also functions as a revolt against the cruel world . The film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers . Pierre and Renee were mistaken when they believed that suicide would put an end to their misery . Hotel Du Nord has its own inimitable charm as its inhabitants have become an essential part of the establishment . There is an element of togetherness as everyone flocks to Hotel Du Nord to eat , chat etc . Marcel Carne has remained true to the spirit of the films produced in 30s and 40s as Hotel Du Nord has a certain kind of nostalgic feel . Carne , while recreating the life of Parisian roads was able to create a sort of nostalgia for black and white giving a unique genre of poetic realism to his oeuvre . Hotel Du Nord can be termed as a quintessence of cinematographic populism . The 14th July ball scene on the banks of Saint Martin canal remains a magnificent sequence . The film 's immense popularity can be judged from the fact that Hotel Du Nord has been declared as a national monument .
1 Before all , I 'd like to point out that I have not read the book , so there was no chance I 'd be disappointed in that aspect . The major flaw I spotted was historical detail , with several cars , trains , clothes , etc . I think don´t belong at that time.<br /><br />***Possible spoiler*****<br /><br />The technical aspect of the film is ok , nothing to brag about . But the acting , I think , was terrific . I do n't have no experience in acting , still I ca n't believe how people can consider this terrible ! Maybe they 've only seen two movies ( ever ) , and the other one must have been very good indeed!<br /><br />I specially liked Jeremy Irons , and really understood his character , someone who crawled up the social ladder with very hard work , then fights against those who would take his life 's work from him , only he gets so involved in this fight , he does n't realize reason is no longer at his side , and he ends up a beaten , disappointed man . Irons made this so believable , I sympathized with the character despite his brutality.<br /><br />After Jeremy Irons , Winona Ryder is also wonderful as a romantic young women , who is drawn into the revolutionary ideals by her boyfriend ( Banderas , he had an under - developed part , I think ) , and Glenn Close was also very good . Meryl Streep had an average performance , it was not bad , just not up to the standards of the other actors . Watch out for Miguel Guilherme , a fine Portuguese actor , between so many stars.<br /><br />In contrast to today 's movies , here only the interpretations , only people matter , but at the same time , it is not a pretensious film , too worried trying to be intellectual . The best proof I really liked it , I 'm writing a review 7 years later .
1 The House of the Spirits is a gripping tale of family intrigue , South American politics and super - natural powers . Meryl Streep , Glenn Close and Jeremy Irons bring Isabel Allende 's novel to life with all its passion and suspense . This , in my view , is one of the best films of the 1990s . Jeremy Irons as Esteban Trueba ages and mellows very believably , while Meryl Streep in the role of Clara maintains her gentle , loving warmth throughout her relatively short life . Winona Ryder and Antonio Banderas make a handsome couple struggling for family acceptance in a racist culture . Glenn Close , as Esteban 's sister , gives a very moving performance . The countryside of Portugal is a reasonable substitute for a non - tropical Latin American country . Settings of Clara 's home and Esteban 's ranch are effective and the period US cars add nicely to the post - war atmosphere .
1 I always feel strange and guilty saying it ( because I 'm a fairly well - educated non - teenager ) , but I actually sort of like the Olsen twins , and I respect the movies they make , even though I 've never really been their target audience . " When in Rome " was a traditional Mary - Kate and Ashley movie , complete with the foreign travel , accents , motorbikes , adult romance as a " B " storyline , fashion orientation , and even the gag reel over the credits . I enjoyed myself . " When in Rome " and the other Olsen twin movies never pretend to be anything they 're not ; most of the time , they only premiere on video , and they never claim to be the next " Citizen Kane " or even " An Affair to Remember . " My point is , people who watch this movie and expect it to be anything other than another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed.<br /><br />That said , those who ARE fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves . For those of us who 've watched them since the first episodes of " Full House , " it 's really great to see them growing into more mature roles . This movie provides important historical and geographical information , just like many of their other movies ( remember 10 Downing Street from " Winning London " and the visit to the Louvre from " Passport to Paris " ? ) as well as providing good , clean fun that can be enjoyed by the whole family.<br /><br />As long as I still feel like I 'm on my soapbox , and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie , let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins : in order to be a fan of the Olsen twins , you do n't have to be some pre - teen " valley girl " from California . In fact , that 's not really the target audience . If it were , the MK&A fashion line of clothes and accessories would be run through Gap or some store like that , not Wal - Mart . " When in Rome , " while it does feature " high fashion " and globe - trotting and two girls from a valley in Cali , is n't really ABOUT that ... it 's more about inspiring young girls who have initiative to let it take them places . If that means setting the movie in some glamorous foreign city with cute guys on motorbikes , so be it . That 's called marketing -- you take an idea and sell it by making it appealing . At least they 're sending a good message , even if the means seem a little superficial . < br /><br />Basically , do n't knock the film until you 've seen it , and then do n't knock it until you 've tried to understand what the Olsen twins do : they encourage young girls to be creative , intuitive , and driven young women . This movie does that , I think , just like their others . Kids - enjoy . Parents - do the same . If you like the Olsen twins , you wo n't be disappointed .
1 this movie is the best movie ever it has a lot of live action It 's just great everyone should watch it and the actor are great the location is Rome Italy that s the best place ever the actors are great Mary - Kate Olsen is such a great actress she plays Charlie and that s a great character and Ashley Olsen play Leila and that s a great character to love When in Rome love it .
1 If you have n't already seen this movie of Mary - Kate and Ashley 's , then all I can say is : " What Are You Waiting For ! ? " . This is yet another terrific and wonderful movie by the fraternal twins that we all know and love so much ! It 's fun , romantic , exciting and absolutely breath - taking ( scenery - wise ) ! Of course ; as always , Mary - Kate and Ashley are the main scenery here anyway ! Would any true fan want it any other way ? Of course not ! Anyway ; it 's a great movie in every sense of the word , so if you have n't already seen it then you just have to now ! I mean right now too ! So what are you waiting for ? I promise that you wo n't be disappointed ! Sincerely , Rick Morris
1 For years we 've been watching every horror film that comes out , from the dull Hollywood retreads like Saw 2 , to awful indie releases that are completely unmatchable ... we suffer through all of bad films in hopes of finding little gems like " Dark Remains".<br /><br />We managed to catch a screening of this film at Shriekfest 2005 . The audience loved it and I believe it ended up winning the award for the best film.<br /><br />While it may not have the budget or star power of studio films , it packs a serious punch in the creepy atmosphere and scare category . The acting and cinematography are top notch , but it 's the direction that makes this film worth the view . The story and characters develop at just the right pace to provide some fantastic scares.<br /><br />The editing and visual fx are also top notch . And while many horror films do n't manage to use music to their benefit , the score for " Dark Remains " only adds to it 's creepiness.<br /><br />I know the film has shown at a bunch of festivals , but none have been near me , so I ca n't wait to hear when it 'll finally be coming out on DVD . Trust me , even if you 're sick of the current state of horror films , give this one a try ... you wo n't regret it !
1 What 's Good About It : Some inventive and genuinely creepy little effects that will get under the skin of even the most seasoned horror fan . Does n't rely on the hackneyed soundtrack stabs for its " gotcha " moments . Even if you 've seen everything , there 's still a few things in this film that will make your jaw drop.<br /><br />What Could Have Been Better About It : The acting was , at times , flat and unconvincing . It had a " shot - on - video " quality in some places ( though , it mostly achieved the atmosphere it was striving for ) , and the camera work is full of needless close - ups of meaningless actions . Though the effects are genuinely creepy , I think they may have gone to the well a few too many times with some of them . The ending seemed rushed , and glossed over what could have been more impactful moments . The viewer is left to figure out a lot of things for themselves , not as a challenge by the filmmakers , but because they just missed it.<br /><br />Still , a good little indie horror film that is easily several steps above the average . Well worth the rental .
1 Finally , an indie film that actually delivers some great scares ! I see most horror films that come out ... Theatrical , Straight - To - DVD , cable , etc ... and most of them suck ... a few are watchable ... even fewer are actually good ... Dark Remains is one of the good ones . I caught a screening of this film at the South Padre Island Film Festival ... the audience loved it ... and my wife and I loved it ! Having no name actors , I assume the budget on this film was pretty low , but you would n't know it ... the film looks fantastic ... the acting totally works for the film ... the story is good ... and the scares are great ! While most filmmakers focus solely on the scares , they often forget about story and character development , two things that help to deliver the scares more efficiently . Brian Avenet - Bradley must know that character and story are important . He develops both to the point where you care about the characters , you know the characters , and are therefore more scared when they are in danger.<br /><br />Watching horror films that cost anywhere from $ 80 million to $ 5000 to make , I find " Dark Remains " to be one of the gems out there . Check this film out !
1 After all the crap that Hollywood ( and the Indies ) have churned out , we finally get a movie that delivers some scary moments . There are some clichéd moments , but I 'm not sure it 's possible nowadays to make an entirely original movie . There 's not much new here ... it 's just done well.<br /><br />Make sure and pay attention , as the " subtle " scares come quickly and often . This is not a movie to watch while you 're eating pizza.<br /><br />There 's one very well - written red herring in this movie and , unfortunately , one very poorly - cast role . Cheri Christian just does n't make an effective Julie ( the wife / mother ) . For one thing , she 's totally unsympathetic . I know , I know ... she 's just gone through a traumatic experience . But the viewer never gets to know her as she " normally " is and the relationship between her and her husband is rather discomforting ( in an unintentional way ) . I think that the director had meant for us to have some sympathy for her , but I never did.<br /><br />Finally , a thumbs - up for the ending , which is both disturbing and satisfying . It could easily have been cheapened with a sound effect at the beginning of the end credits , but the director wisely resisted.<br /><br />This is not a masterpiece by any means , but it IS a good , old - fashioned scary movie ... something that 's rather rare nowadays .
1 Following their daughter 's brutal murder , Julie and Allen escape the city to find solace and grieve in a solitary cabin on a remote mountain . Allen 's intentions are good , he wants his wife to get out of her depression by resuming her photography . Julie stumbles across an ancient prison and sees the perfect creepy , decaying setting for her photography . But when the photos are developed they are full of dead people - and Allen quickly discovers the tragic history of suicide in their new mountain."Dark Remains " is a pretty decent indie horror flick . It offers some genuine scares and plenty of tension . The acting is fairly good and the cinematography is great.7 out of 10 .
1 This movie was very good . If you are one who likes to watch horror movies , I recommend it . The acting was very good although I thought that the actress playing Julie could have had more emotion behind her lines . Allan was very good and I thought the cinematography was amazing . I was on the edge of my seat the entire time while my friends were freaking out and screaming . It was a complete success in my opinion and should have made it to the big screen . I give it two thumbs up ! I definitely would say that if you have n't already seen it then go rent it . If you have seen it and did n't like it go and watch it again because there are parts that were completely unreal . I also liked how a lot of the movie was filmed around and on my school 's campus .
1 Allen and Julie move into a cabin in the mountains after their daughter is murdered one night . No one knows who killed the little girl but it 's why they moved to the mountains . So the couple moves into this cabin and it 's haunted by people who killed themselves there and no one in the nearby town wants to talk about it.<br /><br />This movie has a lot of creepiness to it and it has a lot of parts that made me jump . Some of the parts are predictable but once in a while there is a part I did n't expect . It was a pretty good movie that was n't the scariest movie in the world but it was still scary enough to make it pretty good.<br /><br />I also liked the ending because it left the viewer to decide how it ends . It is also kind of a sad movie as well but a well done horror movie .
1 First , nobody can understand why this movie is rated so poorly . Not only is this the first real horrific movie since a very long time for me who am pretty hard - boiled with a decades long experience of horror starting with driving through dark rides ( ghost trains ) as a child . Second , the main actress Cheri Christian has a face that lets you hope she will be the leading actress in major pictures of the future . Third , this woman is that tremendously beautiful that I suggest the directors retire all those Cameron Diazes , Eva Mendezes , and how ever the names of these ephemeral bulb - lights are . Mrs. Christian is not a light , but a sun.<br /><br />However , " Dark remains " is also of considerable metaphysical importance . They idea that photographs shows creatures of the intermediary reign between reality and " imagination " that are not visible with one ' own eyes is not new . But I have never seen in a movie before that those creatures are visible on the photographs only for certain people and only to certain times . This means that the photo is not just an iconic picture of reality ( by which reality turns into a sign ) , but becomes an alternative form of reality which can change as the " real " reality can . Being a sign , the changing of the picture means that it influences the photographed objects , i.e. the sign behaves like an object . Now , in our usual world of perception , it is common that objects change signs . F.ex . , if someone grows a bird , his photograph will show him with beard , not without , as it did before . But the opposite , the changing of objects by signs would imply that the photo with beard is first and only then the beard grows on the man . This is , very simply expressed , the case that happen with the photos taken by the main character in the prison , in this movie . This is new , and we must be thankful for everything new in horror movies which usually just repeat and reorder effects and features that are already well - known , mostly since the silent time .
1 I 'm not at all picky about horror movies , and I 'm willing to watch pretty much any of them . That does n't mean that I 'm willing to re - watch many of them , or that I wo n't have criticism for them . This movie is creepy , and is very well done . In fact , I think this movie would make an excellent double - bill with Session 9.<br /><br />I should specify , before I get to my comments , that I watched this alone . I started watching it before going to bed , and got about 15 minutes in before I realized that it was too effective , so I saved the rest of it for the morning . Even while watching it in broad daylight , it was still creepy . However , I ca n't vouch for how effective it would be when watching in a larger group.<br /><br />After the death of their daughter , a couple move to a remote cabin as a means of trying to come to terms with this death . Let me make note of this death - this is one of the rare movies that does n't shy away from the death of a child . This is much more important , as it both sets the tone , as well as explains much of the acting that permeates the movie.<br /><br />The couple is not doing well . The wife has distanced herself from the relationship , and the husband is doing what he can to try to bring her back . While some of the comments have complained about their acting - one specified that they act more like a father and daughter than husband and wife , and that 's legitimate . He 's trying to give her more direction . It 's a role that men sometimes take on.<br /><br />There are a variety of scares in the film , and most are fairly non - violent , though grotesque in some ways . The story itself feels very straightforward for most of the film , and takes an odd turn near the end . While the turn is not absurd , it is certainly not what you expected from the way things had been progressing.<br /><br />Moody , atmospheric , and very well done for something that appears to have been shot on video .
1 Dark Remains is a home run plain and simple . The film is full of creepy visuals , and scares ' that will make the most seasoned horror veteran jump straight out of there seat . The staircase scene in particular , these guys are good . Although they were n't working on a huge budget everything looks good , and the actors come through . Dark Remains does have one of those interpretive endings which may be a negative for some , but I guess it makes you think . Cheri Christian and Greg Thompson are spot on as the grieving couple trying to rebuild there lives ' , however some side characters like the Sheriff did n't convince me . They are n't all that important anyways . I give Dark Remains a perfect ten rating for being ten times scarier than any recent studio ghost story/ Japanese remake .
1 Well , this film is a difficult one really . To be straight with you , this film does n't contain much of a riveting story , nore does it make u ' want ' to know how it 'll end ... but I 'll tell you something now ... never have I been as tense and jumped up before in my life ! This film sure does deliver the jumps and thrills ! To be fair , I did watch it at almost midnight so I was kinda sleepy anyway , so maybe that explains why I was jumpy ... or maybe it 's because this film does deliver in that aspect ! It 's basically about a couple who lose their child in a tragic event . They decide to move away and rent a cabin looking thing in the mountains ... all looks peaceful and calm until they have their first visitors ( i think it 's it 's the sister of the main character , and she brings along her husband) ... during the night , the husband hears noises ... checks it out , and that s when things start to go really really wrong ... they do n't stay for another day and tell the couple they should leave asap as something is n't right ... to cut a long story short ... eventually they find out what has happened in that house in the past few years and decide it needs to be taken care of.<br /><br />It 's not a Hollywood blockbuster , nore does it have a huge budget , but please do n't let that put you off . It 's creepy , tense and very very jumpy ! Just give it a try :)
1 I just watched this movie and have to say , I was very impressed . It 's very creepy and has numerous moments that will make you jump out of seat ! I had to smoke several " emergency " cigarettes along the way to calm my nerves ! If I had to criticise , I 'd say that perhaps if anything , there were too many jump moments . It got to the point where every single new scene climaxed with a jump and this gradually wore away the startling effect , because you kind of new what was coming.<br /><br />Although it contains virtually every cliché in the ghost genre , they were all done so well that it maintained the creepy , fear - factor . It had elements of The Shining , The 6th Sense and The Changeling ( in particular , the soundtrack reminded me of The Changeling).<br /><br />I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good old - fashioned scare !
1 This movie scared the crap out of me ! I have to admit that I spent most of the film watching through my fingers but what I saw was really scary . I screamed out loud two or three times during the show.<br /><br />Film - making - wise my favorite aspects were the sound and photography . The sound was particularly great and the setting was really creepy beautiful . I read somewhere that it 's some weird husband and wife team that made it . For some reason that makes this even stranger for me . < br /><br />If you enjoy the jumps and jitters of scary movies than this one is for you ! Very suspenseful and a great movie to rent with a bunch of friends who love to watch movies curled up on a sofa screaming like little girls !
1 Although I was in this movie playing the part of Sheriff Hodges , it still managed to make me jump in several places and believe me I 'm NOT that easy . You might say that I 'm biased about the film , and , OK , I am , but I did n't see the finished product until 12/27/2006 and was extremely pleased . I 'm not a Horror film fan as such but love the old " B " movies and black and white Sci Fi films . This movie will make you " think " you know when something is going to happen , then it does n't , then it does . It will keep you completely off balance . I would suggest watching the movie first then the director 's notes and special features . It is so well written , directed and filmed and I can tell you personally that it was a real joy to work with this cast and crew . I sincerely hope to be part of Brian and Laurence 's future projects .
1 I read nothing but good things about this movie and finally had a chance to watch it late last night and it was everything I expected it to be and more . This is the way a proper horror movie should be . I think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic . The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood . I liked the dramatic opening scene and enjoyed how the rest of the movie played out . It was very easy to follow and understand unlike some movies which are way too complicated . The special effects were very good . I would love to see more horror movies like this one . This is easily one of my favorite's . A realistic thunder and lightning storm would have set a nice atmosphere for this movie . Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs . I highly recommend this movie to anyone who can appreciate a good scary movie that pulls no punches . I will be adding it to my collection . The DVD has some interesting special features .
1 OK , so I do n't watch too many horror movies - and the reason is films like ' Dark Remains ' . I caught this on ( a surprisingly feature - filled ) DVD and it scared me silly . In fact the only extra I think the DVD was missing was a pair of new pants.<br /><br />However , the next day I was telling someone about it when I realised I 'd only really seen about 10 % of it . The rest of the time I 'd been watching the pizza on my coffee table - nervous that my girlfriend would catch me if I actually covered my eyes . The few times I DID brave watching the screen I jumped so hard that I decided not to look up again.<br /><br />The film - making is solid and the characters ' situation was really compelling . The simplicity of the film is what really captured my jump - button - it 's merely a woodland , a cabin and a disused jail - and a LOT of darkness . Most surprising to me was the fact that while this was clearly not a multi - million dollar production , the make - up effects really looked like it was ! Also , it 's obvious this is a film made by someone with a great love of film - making . The sound design and the music really made use of my surround system like many Hollywood movies have never done . I noticed on - line that this film won the LA Shriekfest - a really major achievement , and I guess that the festival had seen the filmmakers ' clear talent - and probably a great deal more of this movie than I managed to.<br /><br />Turn up the sound , turn off the lights , and , if you want to keep your girlfriend - order a pizza .
1 this movie has a great message , a impressive cast , ellen burstyn , samantha mathis , jodelle ferland ( was 4 years old when she made this movie ) ellen burstyn and jodelle ferland have both been nominated for best actress in a tv drama at the up - coming emmy awards in new york , peter masterson - director- has been nominated best director tv drama at the emmy awards also . april 1 , 2001 , jodelle ferland ' Won ' , best actress in a tv drama , at the young artist awards , in studio city , ca . i can see why they have 3 nominations . mermaid is a true story , during the cridits they have the real family on the set , something you do n't see often . you can find mermaid at all blockbuster video stores . do watch it , you'll be glad you did .
1 What are the odds of a " Mermaid " helium balloon traveling from Yuba City , Ca.(on Nov 8th,1993 ) and landing 4 Days later,(on Nov. 12 ) in MERMAID , Prince Edward Island , Canada.(Approx . 4000 miles ) . This is a great movie . It is based on a true story . This movie helps not only children cope with losses , but older people as well . Hope everyone will enjoy it ! ! ! Rhonda
1 What a lovely heart warming television movie . The story tells of a little five year old girl who has lost her daddy and finds it impossible to cope . Her mother is also very distressed .. only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness . Which all viewers hope will materialise . Samantha Mathis is brilliant as the little girl 's mum , as she was as the nanny in " Jack and Sarah",worth watching if you like both Samantha Mathis and happy ; year tear jerking movies ! Ellen Burstyn is , as , always a delightful grandmother in this tender and magnificently acted movie . Jodelle Ferland ( the little five year old ) is charming and a most convincing young actress . The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching."Mermaid " is a tribute to the milk of human kindness which is clearly illustrated and clearly is still all around us in this difficult world we live in . " Mermaid " gives us all hope , by realising that there a lot of lovely people in the world with lot 's of love to give . James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.K.
1 My family and I have viewed this movie often over the years . It is clean , wholesome , heartbreaking and heartwarming . Showing us the compassion between two families of two countries thousands of miles apart and by the most uncanny of coincidences , it 's almost as if the hand of God had to be intervening.<br /><br />5 yo Jodelle Micah Ferland who plays Desi the heart stricken little girl , does a magnificent job of acting her part , and for me she was the Priam choice for the lead role.<br /><br />All in all , a 10 out of 10 . There are no downsides to this sweet human story . Children of all ages will tearfully , then joyfully watch this and it will bring the viewing family together with smiles and good feelings .
1 This is just a short comment but I stumbled onto this movie by chance and I loved it . The acting is great , the story is simple and touching , and the lines , especially from the 4-yr - old Desi , are so cute and sad . Seek it out .
1 What an inspiring movie , I laughed , cried and felt love . For a true story , it does give you hope and that miracles do happen . It has a great cast . Ellen Burstyn , Samantha Mathis , Jodelle Ferland(she 's 4 or 5yrs . old ) what a actress . Its on Showtime . A Must See Movie ! ! : ) =
1 And look how a true story , " ... with a little help of it 's friends ... " : a welldone and touching script , a good directing and a surprising great acting from a bunch of " no - name " actors , especially from the 4-yr - old Jodelle Ferland , becomes a must seen movie . 9/10
1 A warm , touching movie that has a fantasy - like quality.<br /><br />Ellen Burstyn is , as always , superb.<br /><br />Samantha Mathis has given many great performances , but there is just something about this one will haunt your memory.<br /><br />Most of all , you 've got to see this amazing 5-yr . old , Jodelle Ferland . I was so captivated by her presence , I had to buy the movie so I could watch her again and again . She is a miracle of God 's creation.<br /><br />Judging by the high IMDB rating , I 'm not the only one who was mesmerized by this young actress .
1 The little girl Desi is so adorable ... I ca nt think of a more beautiful story then this one here . It will make you cry , laugh , and believe . Knowing that this was based on a true story just made me gasp and it also made me realize that there are nice people out there . Great cast and an overall great movie .
1 I did n't know the real events when I sat down to watch this , just the fact that this was based upon a true story . After the death of the kid 's father , Rhonda tries to help her daughter Desiree ( ... I did not know anyone actually named their offspring that ) cope with the loss . This is really made for children , as is often the case with " family " flicks(with that said , go ahead and get everyone together for a viewing , though I 'd keep teenagers out of it , unless you 're sure they 're gon na buy the concept ) , but it does n't downplay the sting that the death of a parent is , and it does n't really talk down to anyone . The plot is sufficiently interesting , and moves along well enough . Acting varies , with the excellent Burstyn outshining most of her fellow cast , Mathis following that pretty well , and Ferland and her peers(with a few exceptions ) being the least convincing of the bunch(and frankly , they 're irritating ; then again , I 'm not really in the intended audience for this thing ) . The editing and cinematography are standard , and certainly not less than that . While humor is limited to a handful of amusing lines or so , the tone is not an unpleasant one . There is an intense scene or two in this . I recommend this to fans of these types of movies . 7/10
1 i just saw this movie on TV .. <br /><br />i've lost my dad when i was young and this movie surely did touch me .. <br /><br />i can feel the lost that the little girl Desi felt .. <br /><br />the feeling of wanting to see her father again .. <br /><br />wanting to talk to him .. <br /><br />or at least given the chance to say goodbye .. <br /><br />and i 'm so touched with the letter that was wrote back to her .. <br /><br />saying that her father read her letter , and sent it back to someone to reply her and buy her a present because there is n't a shop in heaven .. <br /><br />it just lets me feel that miracles do exist ..
1 It is a great movie . i sow that some people think that this might not be based on a true story . No matter this ! ! , the movie is great , and all u can think is not why a balloon with a mermaid on it ends up flying in the mermaid town and so on , instead thinking that " a little girl 's wish came true " , and this means that all our peaceful dreams will come true if we trust in us , and do all in this world to make them true . The little girl ( Desi - in the movie ) , and her mom , were the best actors i 've been seen in a long time . Good for they , for all actors , all for the director . If someone can tell them this , please tell them , " A 25 year guy from Romania says thank you for making this movie " .
1 OK , this movie starts out like a cheesy Lifetime movie and does n't get better till almost well through the movie . The script is full of ' cheese ' and ' fluff ' and cast is not well directed for the most part . For the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves . I do not think this is one of her best acting jobs . The only reason I bought the movie is because it was on sale and had Ellen Burstyn in it . She 's terrific but this is also not one of her best acting gigs . The story is based on true events and that helps the movie . Actually , I did n't even like the movie at first and was getting disgusted when I saw stills of the balloon traveling , I mean .. let it get where it 's suppose to go and be done with it ! But all is forgiven by the time it does reach it 's destination and the story comes to a close . If this does n't bring a tear to your eye , nothing will ! It 's cheesy and predictable but also makes you feel good about the world again .
1 This is the first Jean Renoir Silent film I have watched and perhaps rightly so since it is generally regarded to be his best , besides being also his first major work . Overall , it is indeed a very assured and technically accomplished film which belies the fact that it was only Renoir ’s sophomore effort . For fans of the director , it is full of interesting hints at future Renoir movies especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID ( 1946 ) and THE GOLDEN COACH ( 1952 ) – in its depiction of a lower class femme fatale madly desired by various aristocrats who disgrace themselves for her – but also THE RULES OF THE GAME ( 1939 ) – showing as it does in one sequence how the rowdy servants behave when their masters ' backs are turned away from them – and FRENCH CANCAN ( 1955 ) – Nana is seen having a go at the scandalous dance at one point . Personally , I would say that the film makes for a respectable companion piece to G.W. Pabst ’s PANDORA ’S BOX ( 1928 ) , Josef von Sternberg ’s THE BLUE ANGEL ( 1930 ) and Max Ophuls’ LOLA MONTES ( 1955 ) in its vivid recreation of the sordid life of a courtesan.<br /><br />Having said all that , the film was a resounding critical and commercial failure at the time of its release – a “ mad undertaking ” as Renoir himself later referred to it in his memoirs which , not only personally cost him a fortune ( he eventually eased the resulting financial burden by selling off some of his late father ’s paintings ) , but almost made him give up the cinema for good ! Stylistically , NANA is quite different from Renoir ’s sound work and owes a particular debt to Erich von Stroheim ’s FOOLISH WIVES ( 1922 ) , a film Renoir greatly admired – and , on a personal note , one which I really ought to revisit presto ( having owned the Kino DVD of it and the other von Stroheims for 4 years now ) . Anyway , NANA is certainly not without its flaws : a deliberate pace makes itself felt during the overly generous 130 minute running time with some sequences ( the horse race around the mid - point in particular ) going on too long.<br /><br />The overly mannered acting style on display is also hard to take at times – particularly that of Catherine Hessling ’s Nana and Raymond Guerin - Catelain ’s Georges Hugon ( one of her various suitors) … although , technically , they are being their characters i.e. a bad actress ( who takes to the courtesan lifestyle when she is booed off the stage ) and an immature weakling , respectively . However , like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH , Hessling ( Renoir ’s wife at the time , by the way ) is just not attractive enough to be very convincing as “ the epitome of elegance ” ( as another admirer describes her at one stage ) who is able to enslave every man she meets . Other notables in the cast are “ Dr. Caligari ” himself , Werner Krauss ( as Nana ’s most fervent devotee , Count Muffat ) , Jean Angelo ( as an initially skeptical but eventually tragic suitor of Nana ’s ) and future distinguished film director Claude Autant - Lara ( billed as Claude Moore and also serving as art director here ) as Muffat ’s close friend but who is secretly enamored with the latter ’s neglected wife ! < br /><br />The print I watched – via Lionsgate ’s “ Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector ’s Edition ” – is , for the most part , a lovingly restored and beautifully - tinted one which had been previously available only on French DVD . Being based on a classic of French literature ( by Emile Zola , no less ) , it can not help but having been brought to the screen several times and the two most notable film versions are Dorothy Arzner ’s in 1934 ( with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and which I own on VHS ) and Christian - Jaque ’s in 1955 ( with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer , which I am not familiar with ) .
1 If Jean Renoir 's first film " Whirlpool of Fate " first takes us into the world of the countryside , the rivers , the lives of the peasantry that he will continue to explore , it seems only fitting that his second film deals for the most part with the wealthy and the privileged , the upper classes and those who are trying to claw their way upwards . Put the characters from the first two films together and you have the seeds of his great " Grand Illusion " and " Rules of the Game . " This is beautifully filmed , with the restless camera making full use of the amazingly huge apartments and backstage areas that dominate the film 's interiors , and the acting though frequently overwrought offers some great moments as well , particularly from Werner Krauss ' Muffat . But the glamorous and sultry Ms. Hessling , who at first appears as if she might give Louise Brooks a run for her money in vampishness , never goes beyond a one note , selfish harlot portrayal . Perhaps this is in part a problem with the script , which does seem to mostly go for high points and outraged emotions ; not having read the novel I 'm not really clear on whether the choices were well - made or not.<br /><br />Still , the differences between Nana 's suitors are well - drawn , and I particularly liked the relationship between Muffat and Jean Angelo 's Vandeuvres -- the tragic understandings that each seems to have of his ultimate fate and their sympathy with each other , particularly in the scene at the bottom of the enormous staircase where Vandeuvres warns Muffat , and we wonder if violence will erupt -- this and other gleanings of the ridiculousness of the idle rich help give the film the depth it has.<br /><br />Far from his greatest achievement , and for me probably just shy overall of " Whirlpool of Fate " , this is still well worth seeing for Renoir fans or those interested in silent cinema generally .
1 I definitely recommend reading the book prior to watching the film . This book won National Book Council Award in 1978 and is a very gripping read ( pun not intended ) . It 's not too difficult to read for those out there that do n't read often so do n't be afraid ! The book seems to capture the passion of the relationships more so than the movie and the movie will make more sense after reading the book . Having grown up in Melbourne I could really relate to this book and movie . Very few Australian female writers were around the in the 70 's therefore very little is documented about the way of life for a women in an urban city in Australia during this era or class . It 's a precious piece of Melbourne history . It 's a shame that it is documented as some sort of 80 's soft porn movie . It 's far from that and as the other reviewer has mentioned please do not read the DVD jacket , it does not represent what the movie is about at all . Those that rent the movie based on this description will only be disappointed . Just remember this movie was made in 1982 , so do n't expect the Hollywood over dramatization that they seem to incorporate these days . This is what I like about it . It 's also great seeing Noni Hazlehurst in this role , she is just fantastic as Nora and it 's great watching her really acting , for if you 're close to my age you will best remember her for her stints on Playschool and Better Homes and Gardens . Who knew she hid this talent ? This movie will give you an entirely new impression of her . A classic Australian Story !
1 Noni Hazlehurst , Colin Friels , Alice Garner , Chrissie Amphlett and Michael Caton- what more could you ask for ? Monkey Grip based on the prize winning novel of the same name explores Nora ( Hazlehurst , a single mother falling for a heroin addict Jobe ( Friels ) . A simple story is made truly extraordinary through the all round magnificent acting ( in particular Noni Hazlehurst ) and nice use of the small budget . The only flaw is ( if you can pick it up ) is that the story is set in Melbourne , although for budget reasons , the film was mainly shot in Sydney , so as a result , in a few scenes you see trams ( Melbourne scenes ) and then a Carlton post office ( Sydney scenes ) . Other than that , " Monkey Grip " is a must see ( excuse the clique , but it is ) at least for an award winning performance from former " Play School " and " Better Homes & Gardens " presenter Noni Hazlehurst.<br /><br />10/10
1 Nora is a single mother - of - two who still wants to live the life of a young artist in the 1970s , as do her friends , a group of writers , singers and actors . The free love ' philosophy is n't quite out of the system  and Nora did n't count on falling in love , particularly with a junkie . Hazlehurst won her first of two AFI Awards in the space of four years for her amazing portrayal of Nora , who makes sure she does the right thing by her children , but falls in love with junkie Javo ( Friels ) at the same time . Garner  who would later costar in films such as LOVE AND OTHER CATASTROPHES and STRANGE PLANET  is well - cast as Nora 's pre - pubescent daughter , and Caton ( perhaps in readiness for his role as host of the lifestyle program HOT PROPERTY in 2000 ? ? ? ) appears as a bearded painter . Early effort by director Cameron is a winner ; he went on to make the award - winning miniseries MY BROTHER JACK among his later projects . But it 's the stunning delivery by Hazlehurst which brings to life the intelligent , searching script , based on Helen Garner 's award - winning novel .
1 Noni Hazlehurst 's tour - de - force performance ( which won her an AFI award ) is at least on par with her effort in FRAN three years later . Colin Friels is also good , and , for those who are interested , Alice Garner appears as Noni 's child , and Michael Caton ( best known for THE CASTLE ) is a bearded painter . ( Also interestingly , Hazlehurst is currently the host of lifestyle program BETTER HOMES AND GARDENS , and Caton is the host of property - type programs including HOT PROPERTY , HOT AUCTION , etc ... ) This film reaffirms the popularly - held belief that Noni was arguably Australia 's top female actor during the early - to - mid 1980s . Rating : 79/100 .
1 A clever script from the late SEBASTIAN JAPRISOT and smart performances from the two male leads - ALAIN DELON and CHARLES BRONSON ( or should it be the other way around ) result in an engaging and entertaining thriller.<br /><br />Add to the above the competent direction from veteran JEAN HERMAN and a sparse but effective score by FRANCOIS DE ROUBAIX , it becomes easy why this film has an odd timeless quality.<br /><br />This is a buddy buddy or bonding story with two loners , both disillusioned and world weary , returning , presumably from Algiers . Like the other colonial powers of this time ( post WW II leading into the 60s ) , France had struggled to keep up appearances overseas . Losing Algiers was a bitter blow.<br /><br />ADIEU L'AMI ( the original title ) chronicles the actions of our two ( anti ) heroes as they struggle to make a go of it , after their discharge.<br /><br />One thing happens after another , and the viewer really has to pay attention , because JAPRISOT is lean and economical with his script : if it is there , then there must be a reason.<br /><br />Suffice to say , these two men battle it out , physically and psychologically , one long weekend . Their motivation is quite different , their goals are different - their survival depends entirely on each other . That ALAIN DELON and CHARLES BRONSON are outwardly so different - the former , arguably a pretty boy , and the latter an ugly thug , adds to the chemistry.<br /><br />That quest makes for a great story , which in turn , makes for a great film.<br /><br />Lest I forget there are women in this film , and true to the Japrisot method , they too are memorable , though not nearly as fleshed out ; to say much more would be to spoil one 's delight in discovering their true nature.<br /><br />FAREWELL , FRIEND HAS BEEN RELEASED IN THE UK ; AN ANAMORPHIC IMAGE , 16.9 ENHANCED ; IN English ONLY ( not even subtitles for the hard of hearing ) ; A RUNNING TIME OF 110 MINUTES ; MONO SOUNDTRACK but the DE ROUBAIX music has lots of punch ! < br /><br />Highly recommended .
1 Farewell Friend aka Adieu L'Ami / Honour Among Thieves is n't perfect but it is a neat and entertaining thriller that sees mismatched demobbed French Algerian War veterans Alain Delon and Charles Bronson trapped in the same basement vault , one to return stolen bonds , the other to clean out the two million in wages sitting there over the Christmas weekend . Naturally things are n't quite that simple even after they open the vault , leading to some neat twists and turns . On the debit side , there 's a very bizarre striptease scene in a car park , Bronson has a very irritating Fonzie - like catchphrase he uses at the most inopportune moments , Brigitte Fossey , sporting perhaps the most hideously misconceived hairstyle of the 60s ( it makes her look like a bald woman whose wig is blown back off the top of her head by a high wind ) , is something of a liability  her " I 'll cook spaghetti ! I 'll learn to make love well ! I 'll read Shakespeare ! " speech is hysterical in all the wrong ways  and it 's a shame about the horrible last line / shot , but otherwise this is a surprisingly entertaining and unpretentious number that 's worth checking out if you can find a decent print.<br /><br />Cinema Club 's UK DVD only offers the English soundtrack , but since Delon voices himself and the rest of the cast are fairly well dubbed that 's no great problem , especially since the widescreen transfer is pretty good quality .
1 This movie is definately one of my favourite movies in it 's kind . The interaction between respectable and morally uncorruptable characters is an ode to chivalry and the honour code amongst thieves and policemen . It treats themes like duty , guilt , word , manipulation and trust like few films have done and , unfortunately , none that I can recall since the death of the ' policial ' in the late seventies . The sequence is delicious , down to the essential , living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake . No such scenes are present or needed . The argument is flowless and honest to the spectator , wich is an important asset in a genre in wich the the suspense is often achieved through the betrail of the audience . No , this is not miss Marble ... A note of congratulations for the music is in order A film to watch and savour every minute , not just to see .
1 Utterly tactical , strange ( watch for the kinky moment of a drop - dead gorgeous blonde acting as pull - string doll for some rich folks ) , pointless but undoubtedly compelling late - night feature . This unhinged French production is a stew of perplexedly unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations centred on its very charismatic stars ( if somewhat anti - heroes ) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson . Really they do n't get to do all that much , especially during the confined , lengthy mid - section where they hide themselves in a building during the Christmas break to crack a safe with 10,000 possible combinations . Oh fun ! But this is when the odd , if intriguing relationship is formed between Delon and Bronson 's characters . After a manipulative battle of wills ( and childishly sly games against each other ) , the two come to an understanding that sees them honour each other 's involvement and have a mutual respect . This would go on to play a further part in the twisty second half of the story with that undetectable curve - ball . Still their encounters early on suggest there 's more , but what we get is vague and this is magnified by that ' What just happen there ? ' ending that might just make you jump . YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH ! Glad to get that out of the system . < br /><br />The pacing is terribly slow , but placidly measured for it and this seems purposely done to exhaust with its edgy , nervous underlining tension . Watch as the same process is repeated over and over again , and you know something is not quite right and the scheming eventually comes into play . Now everything that does happen feels too spontaneous , but the climax payoff is haunting . The taut , complex script is probably a little too crafty for its own good , but there are some neat novelties ( Coins , glass and liquids   try not spilling ) and visual symbolisms . Jean Herman 's direction is efficiently sophisticated and low - key , but get a tad artificial and infuse an unwelcoming icy atmosphere . The sound FX features more as a potent note , than that of Francois DeRoubaix 's funky score that 's mainly kept under wrapped after its sizzling opening . Top drawers Delon ( who 's quite steely ) and Bronson ( a jovial turn ) are solid , and work off each tremendously . Bernard Fresson chalks up the attitude as the Inspector who knows there 's more going on than what is being led on . An attractive female cast features able support by Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges - Picot . < br /><br />A cryptically directionless , but polished crime drama maintained by its two leads and some bizarre inclusions .
1 Short synopsis < br /><br />This film opens with soldiers being released from the company of men . One of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses . Later they both get trapped in an office building in which they want to crack a safe during the Christmas holidays . Hostility turns into playful banter and then into a desperate fight for survival ( during the bantering they lose all drinkable liquids , so it is really serious ) . With exposed , well built and well oiled torsos they ram a hole into a wall and finally manage to escape  only to find out that they have been betrayed and set up by women . One gets caught , the other remains free and is not given away by his companion . A last encounter , a last light for a cigarette , adieu l'ami , farewell , friend.<br /><br />I found it hard not to see closet homosexuals in the two main characters , played by classical he - man superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson . They are obviously attracted to each other , their treatment of women is abominable and marked by contempt throughout . The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic undertow , a little like Deliverance . It is also very stylish . The safe the two men want to crack is in a  for the time  ultra modern glass and aluminum tower . It is the seat of a publicity firm , so there are many fancy posters and wall coverings around . The wardrobe is also very good . The ultra stylish Citroen DS ( maybe the most modern and elegant car of all times ) features large in this movie  perhaps a subtle kind of product placement.<br /><br />I can recommend this movie for the actor 's performances alone . Delon and Bronson are really sharing the top billing , in a manner that struck me as very fair and sporting . Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics . I have never seen Bronson better than here , he really acts - and speaks French throughout , with a heavy accent buy very passably indeed . And it is certainly the man himself we hear . ( So the French language version is highly recommended ) . The police inspector who pursues the two is played by on of my favorite Franch character actors , Bernard Fresson who was Gene Hackman 's partner in French Connection II . He is the best brainy police inspector I know . Also very good is former child actress Brigitte Fossey as the young ingénue who , as it turns out , is not so Innocent as it first seems.<br /><br />Anyone who expects the old in - an - out " of classical heist movies might be disappointed with this film . For those with a little patience this will be a rewarding experience , full of novel and original ideas and directorial quirks , although it my be a little too brutal and sadistic for its own sake .
1 This movie is definately one of my favorite movies in it 's kind . The interaction between respectable and morally strong characters is an ode to chivalry and the honor code amongst thieves and policemen . It treats themes like duty , guilt , word , manipulation and trust like few films have done and , unfortunately , none that I can recall since the death of the ' policial ' in the late seventies . The sequence is delicious , down to the essential , living nothing out and thus leading the spectator into a masterful plot right and wrong without accessory eye catching and spectacular scenes that are often needed in lesser specimens of the genre in order to keep the audience awake . No such scenes are present or needed . The argument is sand honest to the spectator ; An important asset in a genre that too often achieve suspense through the deception of the audience . No , this is not miss Marble ... A note of congratulations for the music is in order A film to watch and savor every minute , not just to see .
1 I used to watch this show when I was a little girl . Although I do n't remember much about it , I must say that it was a pretty good show . Also , I do n't think I 've seen every episode . However , if you ask me , it was still a good show . I vaguely remember the theme song . Everyone was ideally cast , the costume design was great . The performances were top - grade , too . I just hope some network brings this series back one day so that I 'll be able to see every episode . Before I wrap this up , I 'd like to say that I 'll always remember this show in my memory forever , even though I do n't think I 've seen every episode . Now , in conclusion , when and if this show is ever brought back on the air , I hope that you catch it one day before it goes off the air for good .
1 magellan33 said : " You can only do so much when the two stars of the show can only be seen by one fellow cast member." < br /><br />I assume , then , that you never heard of " Topper".<br /><br />Which , in addition to the two stars who could only be seen by one member of the cast , had a dog , ditto.<br /><br />This was the kind of program that had " Not Gon na Make It " written allover it from the first episode - it was like an arcade video game where you actually have to read the instructions to play ; no - one ( well , very few of us , apparently ) wants to watch a comedy program that has a basic premise that actually requires * thought * to grasp .
1 Unfortunately many consumers who write reviews for IMDb equate low budget with not good . Whatever else this movie might need , more budget really is n't part of it . Big sets and lots of special effects would have turned it into another Lara Croft movie . What we have here is a step or two better than that.<br /><br />The nearly unknown Alexandra Staden is captivating as the enigmatic Modesty , and this is crucial for this movie to work . Her wise little smiles and knowing looks are formidable , and you find yourself wishing that the camera wo n't leaver her face . It makes it workable that the bad guy Nikolai , played by also little known ( in the U.S. at least ) Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau might take an unusually cerebral interest in her , something Modesty can exploit . She is able to divert his raping her with just a shove and spitting out " stop wasting my time ! " then storming off between his heavily armed yet suddenly diffident henchmen . Making a scene like that plausible does n't happen by accident.<br /><br />Probably the biggest problem I have with the rail - thin Staden playing Modesty is it just is n't very believable for her to go hand to hand with an athletic and muscled looking guy like Coaster - Waldau and beat him . She just ai n't a Peta Wilson or a pumped - up Hilary Swank type actress who can throw a convincing punch . Coaster - Waldau letting himself be overpowered by Staden looks like he 's just roughhousing with his little sister.<br /><br />Since this is not really an action film , this is n't a big flaw . I just hope they do better on that if and when they make sequels .
1 If you are already a fan of Peter O'Donnell 's wonderful Modesty Blaise books from the sixties , you will really enjoy this movie . If you have ever seen the 1966 " Modesty Blaise " film , forget it ! That was camp . This is the real Modesty Blaise . The story and character are both true to the Modesty that fans of the books know and love . It 's a long way from Joe Losey 's 1966 travesty , and it takes our Modesty quite seriously . Alexandra Staden is quite good and believable in the part , and yes , we do get to see her kick butt . chuckle < br /><br />This is likely meant to be the first movie of a series and as such it serves to introduce Modesty , her childhood and her days with Lob.<br /><br />Since Peter O'Donnell was the creative consultant on the movie , everything really rings true . Even the story O'Donnell told of how he conceived the character is just as he told it . Having read all the books , I enjoyed the movie even more for that.<br /><br />Now that Miramax has kept their option on the property by having Quentin Tarrentino make this film , I do hope to see more of the Modesty stories asap . Especially as the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes Modesty 's character really come alive . To that end , I really hope the film does well in Europe . I have no idea if Miramax intends to ever distribute the DVD in the USA . I suspect it might not do that well in the USA in general distribution . I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute it 's films.<br /><br />In the story , Modesty is in her early 20 's , working at Louche 's casino in Tangier . The flashback sequences are artfully done and take Modesty from about 9 years old , through her teens up to her current age in the movie - about 21 - 22 , I 'd guess . I really do n't think there 's a " perfect actress " for Modesty . For many of us Modesty fans , she 's much too powerful a presence in our imaginations already . Alexandra Staden is credible . She is very slim , graceful and poised . She has lots of closeups . She has a great face - one that sticks in your mind well after the movie is over . According to O ' Donnell 's illustrator , Romero , Modesty has rather a fuller figure than Staden , but I 'm willing to overlook that . If Staden continues in the role , I think she will mature into it - just as Modesty grows more powerful and skilled as she gets older . Staden already conveys Modesty 's humor and absolute assurance very well . Go ahead and rent this movie , it 's not like anything else you 've seen and even though it was directed by Scott Spiegel , it is full of Tarrentino touches , great camera moves , lighting and well - done action sequences .
1 Although I bought the DVD when it first came out , and have watched it several times , I never wrote a review.<br /><br />I loved it when I first saw it and I love it still.<br /><br />Sadly , it seems it never made enough money to motivate anyone to do a follow - up . I have to assume QT still controls the rights , but after Kill Bill if he does a film that is as true to the comics and books as My Name is Modesty , with another tough female lead , anyone not familiar with the character will see this as a let - down.<br /><br />Peter O'Donnell wrote his stories to focus more on psychological suspense rather than action thrillers.<br /><br />The tug of wills between Modesty and Miklos is very true to the source material and is tense , suspenseful and fascinating to anyone who does n't have to have gore and explosions . Alexandra did a great job in playing how O'Donnell 's character would have taken control of the situation.<br /><br />I find this particularly ahead of the curve following the sorely needed reboots of Batman and James Bond . After 2 dismal earlier efforts , although not nearly as well known to the public , this is really a reboot of the Modesty character , and it is really sad that probably no more films about her will be made .
1 Rented and watched this short ( < 90 minutes ) work . It 's by far the best treatment Modesty has received on film -- and her creator , Peter O'Donnell , agrees , participating as a " Creative Consultant . " The character , and we who love her , are handled with respect . Spiegel 's direction is the best he 's done to date , and the casting was very well done . Alexandra Staden is almost physically perfect as a match to the original Jim Holdaway illustrations of Modesty . A terrific find by whoever cast her ! Raymond Cruz as a young Rafael Garcia was also excellent . I hope that Tarantino & co. will go on to make more in the series -- I 'm especially interested to see whom they 'd choose to be the incomparable Willie Garvin !
1 Finally was there released a good Modesty Blaise movie , which not only tells a story , but actually tells the " real " story . I admit that it is a bad movie if you expect an action thriller , but if you stop in your track and remove all your expectations . Then you will notice that it is a story that comes very close to the original made by Peter O'Donnell . You have a cover story just to tell about how Modesty became the magnificent person which she is . It is not a movie to attract new fans , but a movie to tell the real tale . Some things could have been better , but when you can not forget the awful movie from ' 66 then is this a magnificent movie . So are you a fan then sit down relax and just enjoy that the real story is there with a cover story just to make Modesty tell her story .
1 First off ; I 'm a dedicated fan of Modesty 's , and have been reading the comics since I was a child , and I have found the earlier movies about our heroine unsatisfying , but where they fail , this one ROCKS ! < br /><br />Well then , here we go : Ms Blaise is working for a casino , a gang of robbers comes along and she starts gambling for her friends lives . If the robber wins one round , she 'll have to tell him about herself . If she wins two times in a row , one of the staff members goes free . ( Sounds stupid , yeah , well , I 'm not that good at explaining either .. ) ; ) < br /><br />She tells him about growing up in a war zone , without parents or friends , about her helping an old man in the refugee camp and how they escape , living by nature 's own rules . They hunt for food , and he teaches her to read and fight . As they approach civilization they get caught up in a war , and as they are taken for rebellions , they are being shot at and the old man dies , which leaves her to meet the city by herself.<br /><br />Then she meets the man who 's casino she 's now working for , and there the story ends . < br /><br />What is to follow is that there 's an awesome fight and the line 's are totally cool . Alexandra Staden is a TERRIFIC Modesty Blaise ! Just as modest and strong , graceful and intellectual as the comic - one.<br /><br />Feels awkward though , too hear Modesty speak with a slightly broken accent , but that 's not relevant since the comic book- blaise ca n't speak out loud , but certainly must have a somewhat existing accent . ( Not to mention that it 's weird everybody 's speaking English in the Balkan .. )<br /><br />The acting is really good , even the child who personifies the young Blaise must have a applaud ! < br /><br />My favorite part must be where she rips up her dress to kick the stupid robber 's ass ! Totally awesome ! :D I ca n't wait until the real adventure begins in the next movie / s!<br /><br />Watch it , you wo n't be disappointed !
1 There 's a great deal of material from the Modesty Blaise comics and novels that would be great in a movie . Unfortunately , several attempts have been made and they 've fallen short of the great potential in the character . So , no , this is n't the Modesty you know from the comic strip ( currently reprinted in nice editions from Titan Books ) . This is Modesty some 5 or 6 years prior to the first strip , and from what you can piece together from her back - story , it 's accurate.<br /><br />Miramax had the movie rights to the character , with Quentin Tarantino acting as advocate and technical adviser . Early drafts of the Miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novels , but always managed to leave out some crucial element . Tarantino was n't happy with any of them , and offered to remove his name from the project so they could proceed . To the studio 's credit , they wanted to keep him in the process , since they knew he " got " the character and her world . With the movie rights close to expiration , they decided to try a very different approach . The result was " My Name is Modesty , " a small direct - to - video movie that introduces the character.<br /><br />The movie does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald . These characters are important to Blaise 's adventures throughout most of the published stories . What this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself . She never loses her composure , and you never doubt that she 's in charge even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns . Most of the movie takes place within a casino , which undoubtedly saved money on the production . It does n't matter . The film does not come across as cheap . Instead , it gives a fairly comprehensive ( and believable ) back - story for the character and demonstrates just how far she thinks ahead . Should Miramax adapt any of the comic stories or novels now , they 've laid out the character 's background nicely and wo n't have to spend much time on her " origin . " I realize the words " Direct - to - Video " do n't inspire confidence , but this film is well worth a look .
1 Having heard of Modesty Blaise before , but never having read a novel or a comic strip , my wife and I liked the film a lot . It delivered , in a captivating way , a good introduction to the character and her background.<br /><br />Although it has some action flick elements , it is much more an intimate play , excellently written . Sadly , this is also , where a major drawback of the movie is revealed . An intimate play lives on the capabilities of its actors and unfortunately only half of the cast delivered . While Alexandra Staden did an excellent job as Modesty Blaise , her counterpart Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau - as the villain Miklos - did not . Smiling his way through the plot as if it is an extend toothpaste commercial , he fails to build up an atmosphere of anxiety that would have made the movie a masterpiece . The supporting cast is somehow similar , from some stereotyped gangsters and sluts to decent performances from Fred Pearson as Professor Lob and Eugenia Yuan as Irina .
1 I 've seen this movie and I must say I 'm very impressed . There are not much movies I like , but I do like this one . You should see this movie by yourself and comment it , because this is one of my most favorite movie . I fancy to see this again . Action fused with a fantastic story . Very impressing . I like Modesty 's character . Actually she 's very mystic and mysterious ( I DO like that^^ ) . The bad boy is pretty too . Well , actually this whole movie is rare in ' movieworld ' . I considered about the vote of this movie , I thought this is should be a very popular movie . I guess wrong . It was ME who was very impressed about this movie , and I hope I 'm not the only one who takes only the cost to watch this one . See and vote .
1 The best Modesty Blaise movie I have seen so far . It 's like a good pilot for a TV - series . I even think it 's a little bit " cult " , like with a lite touch of Quentin Tarantino 's magic , or something . They have caught a great deal of Modesty 's character , but I admit missing Willy Garwin a bit . Even if i have read many comics and book by Peter O'donnell I 'm not disappointed of this film , quite the opposite . Positive surprised of this story about Modesty and her childhood . I did not put my expectations so high , because of the bad movie from 1966 . So I may have overrate this movie just a little . But if you like the comics and other storys about Modesty Blaise , you should definitely see this one ! ca n't wait for a follow - up ...
1 I enjoyed this film . It was a joy to see a version so close to the vision of Peter O'Donnell.<br /><br />A number of people have disliked the film , but it has to be seen in context of the origin story that it is . The film uses flashback to show the young Modesty and the events that shaped her into the woman that she became . Before the Network . Before Willie Garvin.<br /><br />The pace is a trifle slow , and for my taste not enough tension is developed in the present day scenes . However this is acceptable just to get such a faithful version.<br /><br />If you like Modesty Blaise , you will enjoy it even with its faults , if you just want an action flick with car chases - forget it.<br /><br />It has the feeling of being the first of a franchise , but as I have never seen it promoted anywhere , I suspect there will be no more to follow . Sadly .
1 Shot on an impossible schedule and no budget to speak of , the movie turned out a lot better than you would expect , certainly much more true to the Peter O'Donnell books and comic strip than the previous two films . You can read the strip currently in the reprints from Titan Books , or in Comics Revue monthly . It is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time . The movie is n't great , but unlike most low budget films it makes the most of what its got , and it holds your interest . On the DVD extras , the interview with Quentin Tarentino , who is obviously stoned , is a gas . Some people have faulted Tarentino for associating his name with the film , but without him it would never have been made . He is a Modesty Blaise fan , and picked a good writer and director . All things considered , worth 8 stars .
1 This was the Modesty that we did n't know ! It was hinted at and summarized in the comic strip for the syndicates to sell to newspapers ! Lee and Janet Batchler were true Modesty Blaise fans who were given The Dream Job - tell a prequel story of Modesty that the fans never saw before . In their audio - commentary , they admitted that that they made changes in her origin to make the story run smoother . The " purists " should also note that we really do n't know if everything she told Miklos was true because she was " stalling for time . " I did n't rent or borrow the DVD like other " reviewers " did , I bought it ! And I do n't want a refund ! I watched it three times and I did n't sleep through it ! Great dialog and well - drawn characters that I cared about ( even bad guy Miklos ) just like in the novels and comic strips ! I too ca n't wait for the next Modesty ( and Willie ) film , especially if this " prequel " is a sign of what 's to come !
1 Recap : It 's business as usual at Louche 's casino in Tanger . The casino is about to close and prepares for a big transaction the next day . The owner Louche and some staff leave for the night , leaving Modesty in charge . Suddenly a troop of armed gangsters storm the casino , shooting wildly . Unknown to Modesty , they have already killed Louche , and are now after the money hidden in the vault . But no one present , and still alive , at the casino knows the code to open the vault . The vault itself is heavily booby trapped with explosives so the assailants ca n't blow the door as planned . Suddenly Modesty finds herself eye to eye with the gangsters ' leader Miklos in a game of roulette with their lives in jeopardy.<br /><br />Comments : This is a review written with no connection what so ever with other published media about Modesty Blaise , as I have neither seen nor read any of it . The first point I like to make is that this is slightly wrongfully classified . Foremost I thought this was a thriller with a battle of wits between Modesty and Miklos as the main plot . Sure , there are some bursts of action but they are not really an integral or important part of the story.<br /><br />As already mentioned the main plot and the main suspense - filled scene , is the game between Modesty and Miklos . It 's an innovative and intriguing way of revealing the background of a character , and in doing so much of the story takes place outside the casino at a much earlier time . Someone said that it is almost like a pilot for a TV - series , and the feeling is that it might indeed be used as such . But , I felt it was a much better way to introduce a character than many other have done . I was in no way disappointed in the lack of action , instead I enjoyed this game , the history much more than a simple action movie.<br /><br />I think the two main stars , Alexandra Staden and Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau did very well . Staden especially portrays Modesty very well , and really carries this confident and talented character.<br /><br />7/10
1 While the main story is supposed to take place in Morocco , this movie was shot in foggy Romania in 18 days on a very tight budget . However broken their cards may be , the actors and the crew play them with remarkable skill and commitment , so that in the end I found the result both touching and graceful . Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau provides a formidable performance as the bad guy . The script and direction provide some gems . Whether you will like the movie or not , however , will probably depend on your take on Alexandra Staden in the title role . Other reviewers have pointed out Staden 's inadequacies as Modesty Blaise . They may have a point , but I found her interpretation delightful and very fitting . Modesty manages to overcome terrible odds through discipline , innate talent and courage . Staden appears to be doing the same here .
1 The movie was a long awaited release , which where a bit disappointing because of the expectation 's I had set up . When looking at it again I must say it is actually pretty OK . First of all is it very true to the original history ( of course not completely ) and is as such only made to keep the right for the movie . Modesty 's history as a child is shown and is very true to the original . The acting is perhaps not the best around and the plot is a bit thin , but when you compare it to the 1966 Vitti movie is way better just because it is not trying to be a musical . Generally would I only recommend it to fans of Modesty Blaise or to someone who by catch it on the TV .
1 As a long time fan of Peter O'Donnell 's greatest creation , I watched this film on DVD with no great hopes of enjoyment ; indeed I expected to be reaching in disgust for the remote control within fifteen minutes . But instead I thoroughly enjoyed this production , and I especially enjoyed and appreciated how the producers and director succeeded in telling the Modesty Blaise back story . They managed to avoid the trap of making a ( bad ) film version of the books we are all so familiar with , choosing instead to concentrate on a period in Modesty 's life only alluded to in the novels.<br /><br />As for the production values ( and I am no student of cinematography ! ) : yes , the film was filmed on a tight financial and time budget and maybe that shows ... but does it spoil the viewer 's enjoyment ? In this case I think not . Instead we are introduced to one of the world 's greatest literary heroines and given a taste of her capabilities.<br /><br />In regard to the casting : because we in unfamiliar territory the only people who really matter are Modesty and ( perhaps ) Professor Lob . For me they were totally credible . Alexandra Staden , described by some as wooden , and too thin to be an action heroine , brought to the screen Modesty 's poise and coolness ; her technique ( when martial arts were needed ) but most importantly personified the integrity which is at the core of the Modesty Blaise canon.<br /><br />OK , so we all know this film was produced to stake Miramax 's claim to the Modesty Blaise character , it was made quickly and cheaply , BUT ... I for one can not wait to see the next production in this series by these producers - as long as they keep to the core values and characterisations of the original stories !
1 I have read modesty Blaise for several years now , collecting numbers of the strip . After the fiasco movie made many years ago based on the first book " Modesty Blaise " I was surprised the result got this good.<br /><br />What I got was a movie not based on action or violence . The director had focused on history and psychology . How was Modesty created based on the own tale and what parts in her life was affected by her non - childhood . I think this thougths will give a greater understanding to the next ( I hope ) film . I simply loved the movies old - fashioned style.<br /><br />However everything was n't that good , the gambling was n't that good . almost boring and unreal . The acting could have been improved too . I 'm not thinking the bad guy in this movie felt real , the only reason he was there was so Modesty could have someone to tell her story for . Also they could have expanded the movie , showing more about when she builds up " The network " but I 'll guess that s for the next movie.<br /><br />And please forgive me for my bad English
1 I was pleased to see that she had black hair ! I 've been a fan for about 30 years now and have been disgusted at the two earlier attempts to film the stories.<br /><br />I was pleased that the screenwriters updated the period to include a computer , it did n't spoil it at all . In fact I watched the film twice in one day , a sure sign that it was up to standard . This is what I do with books that I like as well.<br /><br />I thought all the characters were well depicted and represented the early days of Modesty Blaise extremely well as evinced in both book and comic strip . I would also have to disagree with a comment made by an earlier reviewer about baddies having to be ugly . Has he actually read the books?<br /><br />I thought this was a very good film and look forward to sequels with anticipation .
1 For a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance . It is done with style and class showing Modesty 's early days as a refugee and the start of her rise to power in the criminal world . I think it is a very honest / true portrayal of her character exactly as the writer Peter O'Donnell intended . Alexandra Staden as Modesty is stunningly beautiful and an excellent choice . She acts very convincingly as the tough survivor with an exterior of cool / intelligent / innocence . And full marks to Tarantino for choosing an unknown actress for the role - much more believeable to have a new face creating the part . I 'm looking forward to the next film .
1 This is a good movie , although people unfamiliar with the Modesty Blaise comics and books may find it a little slow and lacking in action . For the Modesty fan , the movie will be very enjoyable , particularly because it is very faithful in its presentation of the Modesty Blaise " history " . Peter O'Donnell is listed in the credits as " Creative Consultant " and the film makers must have actually paid attention to him as the plot follows quite closely the details that have been presented in the comic books over the years { although the events have been recast to modern days ) . The only thing that the true fan may find disappointing is that there is no Willie Garvin in the story . This lack of Willie is again just being faithful to the Modesty Blaise chronology since the movie takes place in the very early days of Modesty 's career . Alexandra Staden makes a very believable young Modesty who actually looks a lot like Modesty is supposed to look . A welcome change from the travesty of the Monica Vitti portrayal of Modesty .
1 I was expecting this to be the same kind of schlock as the previous Modesty Blaise movie , which is why I left it unwatched for so long , but I was very pleasantly surprised.<br /><br />Far from being a succession of silly gun battles and car / boat chases , it was an almost thoughtful analysis of how a pretty girl gets to become as hard as nails , with nothing being overstated or over - rationalized.<br /><br />It 's likely that the budgetary constraints actually helped with that : less time and effort was spent on finding ever - stupider ways for stunt men to pretend to die , and more was dedicated to making the movie worth watching . Hell , the biggest gun battle takes place off screen -- and the scene where it is heard is all the better for that background noise , that adds to the suspense -- who 's winning ? Who 's dying?<br /><br />Alexandra Staden might not be as drop - dead gorgeous as Monica Vitti , but few are , and she certainly has every ounce of class and fire that 's needed to make the character work -- and the shape of her face , her hair , and her tall , slender body could have been lifted straight from the comic - strip graphics.<br /><br />Nikolaj Coaster - Waldau was the perfect choice for a Blaise bad - guy , in that he made the character interesting and enjoyable to watch -- even likable ( and I doubt I 'd consider taking on many brutal , psychopathic murderers as drinking buddies ) . I ca n't think of a single one of Hollywood 's " former waiters " who could have pulled the role off that well.<br /><br />Fortunately , Blaise baddies always die , in the end ( no spoilers there ! ) That 's a really good thing , because all the girls who would have spent their time swooning over such a disgustingly handsome and interesting hunk can now pragmatically settle for us ordinary Joes .
1 Okay , truthfully , I saw the previews for this movie and thought to myself , what are the producers thinking ? Hutton , Jolie , and DUCHOVNY ? How could the monotoned actor possibly compete with Jolie 's natural power on the screen ? But surprisingly , the two had the kind of chemistry that showed intense caring without a kiss . Even David 's humor matched up to Jolie 's spark and fire . As for Hutton , he played the psycho very well , contrasting with David 's calm delivery of life threatening situations . Overall , I was very impressed with the writing and character development . I gave it 8 stars .
1 Normally , I do n't watch action movies because of the fact that they are usually all pretty similar . This movie did have many stereotypical action movie scenes , but the characters and the originality of the film 's premise made it much easier to watch . David Duchovny bended his normal acting approach , which was great to see . Angelina Jolie , of course , was beautiful and did great acting . Great cast all together . A must see for people bored with the same old action movie .
1 David Duchovny plays the lead role in this film . Now a lot of people upon finding that fact out would n't even bother watching it . Very unfair to say the least . David made his name on the x - files and is a decent actor . Dr Eugene Sands(Duchovny)is a drug addicted doctor struck off for malpractice . By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom . However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom . Angelina Jolie is cast in the supporting role of clare - the gangsters moll . She puts in a solid performance . Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character . Duchovny himself is n't as bad as many people would think and in the end i would rate his performance his credible . His familiar monotonous tone and straight face is present but dosen't detract too much from the film
1 I enjoyed this movie . Unlike like some of the pumped up , steroid trash that is passed off as action movies , Playing God is simple and realistic , with characters that are believable , action that is not over the top and enough twists and turns to keep you interested until the end.<br /><br />Well directed , well acted and a good story .
1 This film has a lot of raw potential . The script is sharp , the dialogue is ( usually ) excellent ( though it could stand to lose the cheezy voice - overs ) , the direction and cinematography is surprisingly quite good , though some of the experimentation just does n't work . The main problem here is David Duchovny . Once a geek - boy , always a geek - boy ; and the sad , simple fact is that he 's incapable of playing anything but Fox Mulder . He postures , he tries to be slick , he poses , he tries to be macho . In the end he just tries too hard . He overplays his character , he overspeaks his lines , and he 's just outplayed in all ways by Timothy Hutton and Angelina Jolie , who are each in a class above him in terms of acting skill . Timothy Hutton was ( as always ) really good . There was a spotty moment or two where he over - dramatized his role , but you could tell he was having fun with it . He looked the part , and he became the character both physically and atmospherically . Angelina Jolie was also really good . She did n't have much of a role ; in fact , I though she could have used a much stronger one ... her character was n't nearly developed enough , though she did remarkably well with what she had . And the chemistry between her and Hutton was apparent ( gee , maybe that 's why Uma left him ... ; ) All in all , it was rough around the edges , but a solid effort by a good cast and great supporting roles . If David Duchovny had n't ripped his role to pieces it would 've been * that * much better . 7/10 .
1 David Duchovney creates a role that he was to replicate somewhat in Californication - the troubled talent . And it is a role he plays well.<br /><br />This thriller starts off at a good speed and carries you through to the end . Timothy Hutton plays a fine villain and Angelina Jolie pouts . The story of a disgraced doctor finding his way into a criminal world is well scripted . Drug addiction and a desire for the sultry Jolie mix a heady cocktail . Unfortunately towards the end the story gets a little weaker and the relationships between villains and the FBI is muddled and rushed as if it was created only to develop the final scene . But , that aside , a movie worth seeing .
1 Like I said its a hidden surprise . It well written well acted and well cast . I liked everything in this movie . Look its Hollywood all right but the brighter side . Angelina Jolie is great in this and I 'm totally watching every movie with her in that I can get my hands on . Well worth a look .
1 I 'd always wanted David Duchovney to go into the movie business , and finally he did , and he made me proud . This movie lived up to what I had hoped for . Duchovney played his character very well , managing to remain consistent with something new , instead of playing the Agent Molder we are used to . Therefore , I give him extra credit for his role , also because I could not see anyone else playing that particular character . David was great , but nothing compared to the psychotic Timothy Hutton . A brilliant performance that you do n't get tired of throughout the movie , because he never fails to surprise you . He has weaknesses , and strengths , making the story all the more believable . I also very much enjoyed the narration , it added to the story a good deal , and had some very memorable quotes that i still use to all the time . This movie also had a wounderfull score . I recomend this for anyone who likes drama , and does n't mind blood .
1 This movie really kicked some ass . I watched it over and over and it never got boring . Angelina Jolie really kicked some ass in the movie , you should see the movie , you wo n't be disappointed . And another reason you should see the movie is because the guy from The X - Files is in it , David Duchovny .
1 With the mixed reviews this got I was n't expecting too much , and was pleasantly surprised . It 's a very entertaining small crime film with interesting characters , excellent portrayals , writing that 's breezy without being glib , and a good pace . It looks good too , in a funky way . Apparently people either like this movie or just hate it , and I 'm one who liked it .
1 Very smart , sometimes shocking , I just love it . It shoved one more side of David 's brilliant talent . He impressed me greatly ! David is the best . The movie captivates your attention for every second .
1 A hit at the time but now better categorised as an Australian cult film . The humour is broad , unsubtle and , in the final scene where a BBC studio fire is extinguished by urinating on it , crude . Contains just about every cliche about the traditional Australian pilgrimage to ' the old country ' , and every cliche about those rapacious , stuck up , whinging , Tory Brits . Would be acceptable to the British because of its strong cast of well known actors , and to Australians of that generation , who can ' get ' the humour . Americans -- forget it . The language and jokes are in the Australian dialect of English and as such will be unintelligible .
1 I love this movie like no other . Another time I will try to explain its virtues to the uninitiated , but for the moment let me quote a few of pieces the remarkable dialogue , which , please remember , is all tongue in cheek . Aussies and Poms will understand , everyone else - well?<br /><br />(title song lyric)"he can sink a beer , he can pick a queer , in his latest double - breasted Bondi gear." < br /><br />(another song lyric ) " All pommies are bastards , bastards , or worse , and England is the a**e - hole of the universe." < br /><br />(during a television interview on an " arty program " ) : Mr Mackenzie what artists have impressed you most since you 've been in England ? ( Barry 's response)Flamin ' bull - artists!<br /><br />(while chatting up a naive young pom girl ) : Mr Mackenzie , I suppose you have hordes of Aboriginal servants back in Australia ? ( Barry 's response ) Abos ? I 've never seen an Abo in me life . Mum does most of the solid yacca ( ie hard work ) round our place.<br /><br />This is just a taste of the hilarious farce of this bonser Aussie flick . If you can get a copy of it , watch and enjoy .
1 This film and it 's sequel Barry Mckenzie holds his own , are the two greatest comedies to ever be produced . A great story a young Aussie bloke travels to england to claim his inheritance and meets up with his mates , who are just as loveable and innocent as he is.<br /><br />It 's chock a block full of great , sayings , where else could you find someone who needs a drink so bad that he 's as dry as a dead dingoes donger ? great characters , top acting , and it 's got great sheilas and more Fosters consumption then any other three films put together . Top notch.<br /><br />And some of the funniest songs you 'll ever hear , and it 's full of great celebrities . Definitely my two favourite films of all time , I watch them at least once a fortnight .
1 ' The Adventures Of Barry McKenzie ' started life as a satirical comic strip in ' Private Eye ' , written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook . McKenzie ( ' Bazza ' to his friends ) is a lanky , loud , hat - wearing Australian whose two main interests in life are sex ( despite never having had any ) and Fosters lager . In 1972 , he found his way to the big screen for the first of two outings . It must have been tempting for Humphries to cast himself as ' Bazza ' , but he wisely left the job to Barry Crocker ( later to sing the theme to the television soap opera ' Neighbours ' ! ) . Humphries instead played multiple roles in true Peter Sellers fashion , most notably Bazza 's overbearing Aunt ' Edna Everage ' ( this was before she became a Dame ) .<br /><br />You know this is not going to be ' The Importance Of Being Ernest ' when its censorship classification N.P.A. stands for ' No Poofters Allowed ' . Pom - hating Bazza is told by a Sydney solicitor that in order to inherit a share in his father 's will he must go to England to absorb British culture . With Aunt Edna in tow , he catches a Quantas flight to Hong Kong , and then on to London . An over - efficient customs officer makes Bazza pay import duties on everything he bought over there , including a suitcase full of ' tubes of Fosters lager ' . As he puts it : " when it comes to fleecing you , the Poms have got the edge on the gyppos ! " . A crafty taxi driver ( Bernard Spear ) maximises the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge , then Scotland . The streets of London are filthy , and their hotel is a hovel run by a seedy landlord ( Spike Milligan ) who makes Bazza put pound notes in the electricity meter every twenty minutes . There is some good news for our hero though ; he meets up with other Aussies in Earls Court , and Fosters is on sale in British pubs.<br /><br />What happens next is a series of comical escapades that take Bazza from starring in his own cigarette commercial , putting curry down his pants in the belief it is some form of aphrodisiac , a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as an upper - class pervert who loves being spanked while wearing a schoolboy 's uniform , a Young Conservative dance in Rickmansworth to a charity rock concert where his song about ' chundering ' ( vomiting ) almost makes him an international star , and finally to the B.B.C. T.V. Centre where he pulls his pants down on a live talk - show hosted by the thinking man 's crumpet herself , Joan Bakewell . A fire breaks out , and Bazza 's friends come to the rescue - downing cans of Fosters , they urinate on the flames en masse.<br /><br />This is a far cry from Bruce Beresford 's later works - ' Breaker Morant ' and ' Driving Miss Daisy ' . On release , it was savaged by critics for being too ' vulgar ' . Well , yes , it is , but it is also great non - P.C. fun . ' Bazza ' is a disgusting creation , but his zest for life is unmistakable , you can not help but like the guy . His various euphemisms for urinating ( ' point Percy at the porcelain ' ) and vomiting ( ' the Technicolour yawn ' ) have passed into the English language without a lot of people knowing where they came from . Other guest stars include Dick Bentley ( as a detective who chases Bazza everywhere ) , Peter Cook , Julie Covington ( later to star in ' Rock Follies ' ) , and even future arts presenter Russell Davies.<br /><br />A sequel - the wonderfully - named ' Barry McKenzie Holds His Own - came out two years later . At its premiere , Humphries took the opportunity to blast the critics who had savaged the first film . Good for him.<br /><br />What must have been of greater concern to him , though , was the release of ' Crocodile Dundee ' in 1985 . It also featured a lanky , hat - wearing Aussie struggling to come to terms with a foreign culture . And made tonnes more money.<br /><br />The song on the end credits ( performed by Snacka Fitzgibbon ) is magnificent . You have a love a lyric that includes the line : " If you want to send your sister in a frenzy , introduce her to Barry McKenzie ! " . Time to end this review . I have to go the dunny to shake hands with the unemployed ...
1 The story centers around Barry McKenzie who must go to England if he wishes to claim his inheritance . Being about the grossest Aussie shearer ever to set foot outside this great Nation of ours there is something of a culture clash and much fun and games ensue . The songs of Barry McKenzie(Barry Crocker ) are highlights .
0 I rented I AM CURIOUS - YELLOW from my video store because of all the controversy that surrounded it when it was first released in 1967 . I also heard that at first it was seized by U.S. customs if it ever tried to enter this country , therefore being a fan of films considered " controversial " I really had to see this for myself.<br /><br />The plot is centered around a young Swedish drama student named Lena who wants to learn everything she can about life . In particular she wants to focus her attentions to making some sort of documentary on what the average Swede thought about certain political issues such as the Vietnam War and race issues in the United States . In between asking politicians and ordinary denizens of Stockholm about their opinions on politics , she has sex with her drama teacher , classmates , and married men.<br /><br />What kills me about I AM CURIOUS - YELLOW is that 40 years ago , this was considered pornographic . Really , the sex and nudity scenes are few and far between , even then it 's not shot like some cheaply made porno . While my countrymen mind find it shocking , in reality sex and nudity are a major staple in Swedish cinema . Even Ingmar Bergman , arguably their answer to good old boy John Ford , had sex scenes in his films.<br /><br />I do commend the filmmakers for the fact that any sex shown in the film is shown for artistic purposes rather than just to shock people and make money to be shown in pornographic theaters in America . I AM CURIOUS - YELLOW is a good film for anyone wanting to study the meat and potatoes ( no pun intended ) of Swedish cinema . But really , this film does n't have much of a plot .
0 " I Am Curious : Yellow " is a risible and pretentious steaming pile . It does n't matter what one 's political views are because this film can hardly be taken seriously on any level . As for the claim that frontal male nudity is an automatic NC-17 , that is n't true . I 've seen R - rated films with male nudity . Granted , they only offer some fleeting views , but where are the R - rated films with gaping vulvas and flapping labia ? Nowhere , because they do n't exist . The same goes for those crappy cable shows : schlongs swinging in the breeze but not a clitoris in sight . And those pretentious indie movies like The Brown Bunny , in which we 're treated to the site of Vincent Gallo 's throbbing johnson , but not a trace of pink visible on Chloe Sevigny . Before crying ( or implying ) " double - standard " in matters of nudity , the mentally obtuse should take into account one unavoidably obvious anatomical difference between men and women : there are no genitals on display when actresses appears nude , and the same can not be said for a man . In fact , you generally wo n't see female genitals in an American film in anything short of porn or explicit erotica . This alleged double - standard is less a double standard than an admittedly depressing ability to come to terms culturally with the insides of women 's bodies .
0 If only to avoid making this type of film in the future . This film is interesting as an experiment but tells no cogent story.<br /><br />One might feel virtuous for sitting thru it because it touches on so many IMPORTANT issues but it does so without any discernable motive . The viewer comes away with no new perspectives ( unless one comes up with one while one 's mind wanders , as it will invariably do during this pointless film).<br /><br />One might better spend one 's time staring out a window at a tree growing.<br /><br / >
0 This film was probably inspired by Godard 's Masculin , féminin and I urge you to see that film instead.<br /><br />The film has two strong elements and those are , ( 1 ) the realistic acting ( 2 ) the impressive , undeservedly good , photo . Apart from that , what strikes me most is the endless stream of silliness . Lena Nyman has to be most annoying actress in the world . She acts so stupid and with all the nudity in this film, ... it 's unattractive . Comparing to Godard 's film , intellectuality has been replaced with stupidity . Without going too far on this subject , I would say that follows from the difference in ideals between the French and the Swedish society.<br /><br />A movie of its time , and place . 2/10 .
0 Oh , brother ... after hearing about this ridiculous film for umpteen years all I can think of is that old Peggy Lee song .. <br /><br />"Is that all there is ? ? " ... I was just an early teen when this smoked fish hit the U.S. I was too young to get in the theater ( although I did manage to sneak into " Goodbye Columbus " ) . Then a screening at a local film museum beckoned - Finally I could see this film , except now I was as old as my parents were when they schlepped to see it!!<br /><br />The ONLY reason this film was not condemned to the anonymous sands of time was because of the obscenity case sparked by its U.S. release . MILLIONS of people flocked to this stinker , thinking they were going to see a sex film ... Instead , they got lots of closeups of gnarly , repulsive Swedes , on - street interviews in bland shopping malls , asinie political pretension ... and feeble who - cares simulated sex scenes with saggy , pale actors.<br /><br />Cultural icon , holy grail , historic artifact .. whatever this thing was , shred it , burn it , then stuff the ashes in a lead box!<br /><br />Elite esthetes still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewings .. But if it were n't for the censorship scandal , it would have been ignored , then forgotten.<br /><br />Instead , the " I Am Blank , Blank " rhythymed title was repeated endlessly for years as a titilation for porno films ( I am Curious , Lavender - for gay films , I Am Curious , Black - for blaxploitation films , etc .. ) and every ten years or so the thing rises from the dead , to be viewed by a new generation of suckers who want to see that " naughty sex film " that " revolutionized the film industry" ... <br /><br />Yeesh , avoid like the plague .. Or if you MUST see it - rent the video and fast forward to the " dirty " parts , just to get it over with.<br /><br / >
0 I would put this at the top of my list of films in the category of unwatchable trash ! There are films that are bad , but the worst kind are the ones that are unwatchable but you are suppose to like them because they are supposed to be good for you ! The sex sequences , so shocking in its day , could n't even arouse a rabbit . The so called controversial politics is strictly high school sophomore amateur night Marxism . The film is self - consciously arty in the worst sense of the term . The photography is in a harsh grainy black and white . Some scenes are out of focus or taken from the wrong angle . Even the sound is bad ! And some people call this art?<br /><br / >
0 Whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about Lucille Ball , especially her autobiography . I 've never seen so many mistakes in a biopic , ranging from her early years in Celoron and Jamestown to her later years with Desi . I could write a whole list of factual errors , but it would go on for pages . In all , I believe that Lucille Ball is one of those inimitable people who simply can not be portrayed by anyone other than themselves . If I were Lucie Arnaz and Desi , Jr. , I would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film . The filmmakers tried hard , but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me .
0 When I first saw a glimpse of this movie , I quickly noticed the actress who was playing the role of Lucille Ball . Rachel York 's portrayal of Lucy is absolutely awful . Lucille Ball was an astounding comedian with incredible talent . To think about a legend like Lucille Ball being portrayed the way she was in the movie is horrendous . I can not believe out of all the actresses in the world who could play a much better Lucy , the producers decided to get Rachel York . She might be a good actress in other roles but to play the role of Lucille Ball is tough . It is pretty hard to find someone who could resemble Lucille Ball , but they could at least find someone a bit similar in looks and talent . If you noticed York 's portrayal of Lucy in episodes of I Love Lucy like the chocolate factory or vitavetavegamin , nothing is similar in any way - her expression , voice , or movement.<br /><br />To top it all off , Danny Pino playing Desi Arnaz is horrible . Pino does not qualify to play as Ricky . He 's small and skinny , his accent is unreal , and once again , his acting is unbelievable . Although Fred and Ethel were not similar either , they were not as bad as the characters of Lucy and Ricky.<br /><br />Overall , extremely horrible casting and the story is badly told . If people want to understand the real life situation of Lucille Ball , I suggest watching A&E Biography of Lucy and Desi , read the book from Lucille Ball herself , or PBS ' American Masters : Finding Lucy . If you want to see a docudrama , " Before the Laughter " would be a better choice . The casting of Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz in " Before the Laughter " is much better compared to this . At least , a similar aspect is shown rather than nothing .
0 Who are these " They"- the actors ? the filmmakers ? Certainly could n't be the audience- this is among the most air - puffed productions in existence . It 's the kind of movie that looks like it was a lot of fun to shoot TOO much fun , nobody is getting any actual work done , and that almost always makes for a movie that 's no fun to watch.<br /><br />Ritter dons glasses so as to hammer home his character 's status as a sort of doppleganger of the bespectacled Bogdanovich ; the scenes with the breezy Ms. Stratten are sweet , but have an embarrassing , look - guys - I'm - dating - the - prom - queen feel to them . Ben Gazzara sports his usual cat's - got - canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the meager plot , which requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest of a narcoleptic at an insomnia clinic . In the meantime , the budding couple 's respective children ( nepotism alert : Bogdanovich 's daughters ) spew cute and pick up some fairly disturbing pointers on ' love ' while observing their parents . ( Ms. Hepburn , drawing on her dignity , manages to rise above the proceedings- but she has the monumental challenge of playing herself , ostensibly . ) Everybody looks great , but so what ? It 's a movie and we can expect that much , if that 's what you 're looking for you 'd be better off picking up a copy of Vogue.<br /><br />Oh- and it has to be mentioned that Colleen Camp thoroughly annoys , even apart from her singing , which , while competent , is wholly unconvincing ... the country and western numbers are woefully mismatched with the standards on the soundtrack . Surely this is NOT what Gershwin ( who wrote the song from which the movie 's title is derived ) had in mind ; his stage musicals of the 20 's may have been slight , but at least they were long on charm . " They All Laughed " tries to coast on its good intentions , but nobody- least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense to put on the brakes.<br /><br />Due in no small part to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten , this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich- he even bought it back from its producers , then distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when it did n't prove popular . His rise and fall is among the more sympathetic and tragic of Hollywood stories , so there 's no joy in criticizing the film ... there _ is _ real emotional investment in Ms. Stratten 's scenes . But " Laughed " is a faint echo of " The Last Picture Show " , " Paper Moon " or " What 's Up , Doc"- following " Daisy Miller " and " At Long Last Love " , it was a thundering confirmation of the phase from which P.B. has never emerged.<br /><br />All in all , though , the movie is harmless , only a waste of rental . I want to watch people having a good time , I 'll go to the park on a sunny day . For filmic expressions of joy and love , I 'll stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
0 This is said to be a personal film for Peter Bogdonavitch . He based it on his life but changed things around to fit the characters , who are detectives . These detectives date beautiful models and have no problem getting them . Sounds more like a millionaire playboy filmmaker than a detective , does n't it ? This entire movie was written by Peter , and it shows how out of touch with real people he was . You 're supposed to write what you know , and he did that , indeed . And leaves the audience bored and confused , and jealous , for that matter . This is a curio for people who want to see Dorothy Stratten , who was murdered right after filming . But Patti Hanson , who would , in real life , marry Keith Richards , was also a model , like Stratten , but is a lot better and has a more ample part . In fact , Stratten 's part seemed forced ; added . She does n't have a lot to do with the story , which is pretty convoluted to begin with . All in all , every character in this film is somebody that very few people can relate with , unless you 're millionaire from Manhattan with beautiful supermodels at your beckon call . For the rest of us , it 's an irritating snore fest . That 's what happens when you 're out of touch . You entertain your few friends with inside jokes , and bore all the rest .
0 It was great to see some of my favorite stars of 30 years ago including John Ritter , Ben Gazarra and Audrey Hepburn . They looked quite wonderful . But that was it . They were not given any characters or good lines to work with . I neither understood or cared what the characters were doing.<br /><br />Some of the smaller female roles were fine , Patty Henson and Colleen Camp were quite competent and confident in their small sidekick parts . They showed some talent and it is sad they did n't go on to star in more and better films . Sadly , I did n't think Dorothy Stratten got a chance to act in this her only important film role.<br /><br />The film appears to have some fans , and I was very open - minded when I started watching it . I am a big Peter Bogdanovich fan and I enjoyed his last movie , " Cat 's Meow " and all his early ones from " Targets " to " Nickleodeon " . So , it really surprised me that I was barely able to keep awake watching this one.<br /><br />It is ironic that this movie is about a detective agency where the detectives and clients get romantically involved with each other . Five years later , Bogdanovich 's ex - girlfriend , Cybil Shepherd had a hit television series called " Moonlighting " stealing the story idea from Bogdanovich . Of course , there was a great difference in that the series relied on tons of witty dialogue , while this tries to make do with slapstick and a few screwball lines.<br /><br />Bottom line : It ai n't no " Paper Moon " and only a very pale version of " What 's Up , Doc " .
0 I ca n't believe that those praising this movie herein are n't thinking of some other film . I was prepared for the possibility that this would be awful , but the script ( or lack thereof ) makes for a film that 's also pointless . On the plus side , the general level of craft on the part of the actors and technical crew is quite competent , but when you 've got a sow 's ear to work with you ca n't make a silk purse . Ben G fans should stick with just about any other movie he 's been in . Dorothy S fans should stick to Galaxina . Peter B fans should stick to Last Picture Show and Target . Fans of cheap laughs at the expense of those who seem to be asking for it should stick to Peter B 's amazingly awful book , Killing of the Unicorn .
0 Never cast models and Playboy bunnies in your films ! Bob Fosse 's " Star 80 " about Dorothy Stratten , of whom Bogdanovich was obsessed enough to have married her SISTER after her murder at the hands of her low - life husband , is a zillion times more interesting than Dorothy herself on the silver screen . Patty Hansen is no actress either .. I expected to see some sort of lost masterpiece a la Orson Welles but instead got Audrey Hepburn cavorting in jeans and a god - awful " poodlesque " hair - do .... Very disappointing .... "Paper Moon " and " The Last Picture Show " I could watch again and again . This clunker I could barely sit through once . This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms. Stratten 's tawdry death ; I think the real reason was because it was so bad !
0 Its not the cast . A finer group of actors , you could not find . Its not the setting . The director is in love with New York City , and by the end of the film , so are we all ! Woody Allen could not improve upon what Bogdonovich has done here . If you are going to fall in love , or find love , Manhattan is the place to go . No , the problem with the movie is the script . There is none . The actors fall in love at first sight , words are unnecessary . In the director 's own experience in Hollywood that is what happens when they go to work on the set . It is reality to him , and his peers , but it is a fantasy to most of us in the real world . So , in the end , the movie is hollow , and shallow , and message - less .
0 Today I found " They All Laughed " on VHS on sale in a rental . It was a really old and very used VHS , I had no information about this movie , but I liked the references listed on its cover : the names of Peter Bogdanovich , Audrey Hepburn , John Ritter and specially Dorothy Stratten attracted me , the price was very low and I decided to risk and buy it . I searched IMDb , and the User Rating of 6.0 was an excellent reference . I looked in " Mick Martin & Marsha Porter Video & DVD Guide 2003 " and  wow  four stars ! So , I decided that I could not waste more time and immediately see it . Indeed , I have just finished watching " They All Laughed " and I found it a very boring overrated movie . The characters are badly developed , and I spent lots of minutes to understand their roles in the story . The plot is supposed to be funny ( private eyes who fall in love for the women they are chasing ) , but I have not laughed along the whole story . The coincidences , in a huge city like New York , are ridiculous . Ben Gazarra as an attractive and very seductive man , with the women falling for him as if her were a Brad Pitt , Antonio Banderas or George Clooney , is quite ridiculous . In the end , the greater attractions certainly are the presence of the Playboy centerfold and playmate of the year Dorothy Stratten , murdered by her husband pretty after the release of this movie , and whose life was showed in " Star 80 " and " Death of a Centerfold : The Dorothy Stratten Story " ; the amazing beauty of the sexy Patti Hansen , the future Mrs. Keith Richards ; the always wonderful , even being fifty - two years old , Audrey Hepburn ; and the song " Amigo " , from Roberto Carlos . Although I do not like him , Roberto Carlos has been the most popular Brazilian singer since the end of the 60 's and is called by his fans as " The King " . I will keep this movie in my collection only because of these attractions ( manly Dorothy Stratten ) . My vote is four.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Muito Riso e Muita Alegria " ( " Many Laughs and Lots of Happiness " )
0 This film is just plain horrible . John Ritter doing pratt falls , 75 % of the actors delivering their lines as if they were reading them from cue cards , poor editing , horrible sound mixing ( dialogue is tough to pick up in places over the background noise ) , and a plot that really goes nowhere . I did n't think I 'd ever say this , but Dorothy Stratten is not the worst actress in this film . There are at least 3 others that suck more . Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein . I started to wonder if she was n't dead inside . Even Bogdanovich 's kids are awful ( the oldest one is definitely reading her lines from a cue card ) . This movie is seriously horrible . There 's a reason Bogdanovich could n't get another project until 4 years later . Please do n't watch it . If you see it in your television listings , cancel your cable . If a friend suggests it to you , reconsider your friendship . If your spouse wants to watch it , you 're better off finding another soulmate . I 'd rather gouge my eyes out with lawn darts than sit through this piece of garbage again . If I could sum this film up in one word , that word would be : Suckotrocity
0 My interest in Dorothy Stratten caused me to purchase this video . Although it had great actors / actresses , there were just too many subplots going on to retain interest . Plus it just was n't that interesting . Dialogue was stiff and confusing and the story just flipped around too much to be believable . I was pretty disappointed in what I believe was one of Audrey Hepburn 's last movies . I 'll always love John Ritter best in slapstick . He was just too pathetic here .
0 I have this film out of the library right now and I have n't finished watching it . It is so bad I am in disbelief . Audrey Hepburn had totally lost her talent by then , although she 'd pretty much finished with it in ' Robin and Marian . ' This is the worst thing about this appallingly stupid film . It 's really only of interest because it was her last feature film and because of the Dorothy Stratten appearance just prior to her homicide.<br /><br />There is nothing but idiocy between Gazzara and his cronies . Little signals and little bows and nods to real screwball comedy of which this is the faintest , palest shadow.<br /><br />Who could believe that there are even some of the same Manhattan environs that Hepburn inhabited so magically and even mythically in ' Breakfast at Tiffany 's ' twenty years earlier ? The soundtrack of old Sinatra songs and the Gershwin song from which the title is taken is too loud and obvious -- you sure do n't have to wait for the credits to find out that something was subtly woven into the cine - musique of the picture to know when the songs blasted out at you.<br /><br />'Reverting to type ' means going back up as well as going back down , I guess . In this case , Audrey Hepburn 's chic European lady is all you see of someone who was formerly occasionally an actress and always a star . Here she has even lost her talent as a star . If someone whose talent was continuing to grow in the period , like Ann - Margret , had played the role , there would have been some life in it , even given the unbelievably bad material and Mongoloid - level situations.<br /><br />Hepburn was a great person , of course , greater than most movie stars ever dreamed of being , and she was once one of the most charming and beautiful of film actors . After this dreadful performance , she went on to make an atrocious TV movie with Robert Wagner called ' Love Among Thieves . ' In ' They all Laughed ' it is as though she were still playing an ingenue in her 50 's . Even much vainer and obviously less intelligent actresses who insisted upon doing this like Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than is Hepburn . Turner took acting seriously even when she was bad . Hepburn does n't take it seriously at all , could n't be bothered with it ; even her hair and clothes look tacky . Her last really good work was in ' Two for the Road , ' perhaps her most perfect , if possibly not her best in many ways.<br /><br />And that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening . John Ritter is horrible , there is simply nothing to recommend this film except to see Dorothy Stratten , who was truly pretty . Otherwise , critic David Thomson 's oft - used phrase ' losing his / her talent ' never has made more sense.<br /><br />Ben Gazarra had lost all sex appeal by then , and so we have 2 films with Gazarra and Hepburn -- who could ask for anything less ? Sandra Dee 's last , pitiful film ' Lost , ' from 2 years later , a low - budget nothing , had more to it than this . At least Ms. Dee spoke in her own voice ; by 1981 , Audrey Hepburn 's accent just sounded silly ; she 'd go on to do the PBS ' Gardens of the World with Audrey Hepburn ' and there her somewhat irritating accent works as she walks through English gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about ' what I like most is when flowers go back to nature ! ' as in naturalized daffodils , but in an actual fictional movie , she just sounds ridiculous.<br /><br />To think that ' Breakfast at Tiffany 's ' was such a profound sort of light poetic thing with Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world -- she was surely one of the most beautiful screen presences in ' My Fair Lady ' , matching Garbo in several things and Delphine Seyrig in ' Last Year at Marienbad . ' And then this ! And her final brief role as the angel ' Hap ' in the Spielberg film ' Always ' was just more of the lady stuff -- corny , witless and stifling.<br /><br />I went to her memorial service at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church , a beautiful service which included a boys ' choir singing the Shaker hymn ' Simple Gifts . ' The only thing not listed in the program was the sudden playing of Hepburn 's singing ' Moon River ' on the fire escape in ' Breakfast at Tiffany 's , ' and this brought much emotion and some real tears out in the congregation.<br /><br />A great lady who was once a fine actress ( as in ' The Nun 's Story ' ) and one of the greatest and most beautiful of film stars in many movies of the 50 's and 60 's who became a truly bad one -- that 's not all that common . And perhaps it is only a great human being who , in making such things as film performances trivial , nevertheless has the largeness of mind to want to have the flaws pointed out mercilessly -- which all of her late film work contained in abundance . Most of the talk about Hepburn 's miscasting is about ' My Fair Lady . ' But the one that should have had the original actress in it was ' Wait Until Dark , ' which had starred Lee Remick on Broadway . Never as celebrated as Hepburn , she was a better actress in many ways ( Hepburn was completely incapable of playing anything really sordid ) , although Hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part . After that , all of her acting went downhill .
0 I think I will make a movie next weekend . Oh wait , I 'm working .. oh I 'm sure I can fit it in . It looks like whoever made this film fit it in . I hope the makers of this crap have day jobs because this film sucked ! ! ! It looks like someones home movie and I do n't think more than $ 100 was spent making it ! ! ! Total crap ! ! ! Who let 's this stuff be released ? ! ? ! ? !
0 Pros : Nothing < br /><br />Cons : Everything < br /><br />Plot summary : A female reporter runs into a hitchhiker that tells her stories about the deaths of people that were killed by zombies.<br /><br />Review : Never in my life have I come across a movie as bad The Zombie Chronicles . Filmed on a budget of what looks to be about 20 bucks , TZC is a completely horrible horror movie that relies on lame , forgetable actors whom could n't act to save their lives and gore that 's more gross than frightening . How does a movie like this even get made ? Simply put , avoid TZC like a sexually - transmitted disease.<br /><br />My last 2 cents : Humorously enough , this movie was made by a movie company called Brain Damage Films . They 're brains must have really been damaged to come up with a craptacular movie like this.<br /><br />My rating : 1 out of 10(If it were up to me , this movie would get the rating of negative bajillion )
0 If the crew behind " Zombie Chronicles " ever read this , here 's some advice guys : < br /><br />1 . In a " Twist Ending "- type movie , it 's not a good idea to insert close - ups of EVERY DEATH IN THE MOVIE in the opening credits . That tends to spoil the twists , y'know ... ? < br /><br />2 . I know you produced this on a shoestring and - to be fair - you worked miracles with your budget but please , hire people who can actually act . Or at least , walk , talk and gesture at the same time . Joe Haggerty , I 'm looking at you ... <br /><br />3 . If you 're going to set a part of your movie in the past , only do this if you have the props and costumes of the time.<br /><br />4 . Twist endings are supposed to be a surprise . Sure , we do n't want twists that make no sense , but signposting the " reveal " as soon as you introduce a character ? That 's not a great idea.<br /><br />Kudos to the guys for trying , but in all honesty , I 'd rather they hadn't ... <br /><br />Only for zombie completists .
0 1st watched 8/3/2003 - 2 out of 10(Dir - Brad Sykes ) : Mindless 3-D movie about flesh - eating zombies in a 3 story within a movie chronicle . And yes , we get to see zombies eating human flesh parts in 3D ! ! Wow , not ! ! That has been done time and time again in 2D in a zombie movie but what usually makes a zombie movie better is the underlying story not the actual flesh - eating . That 's what made the original zombie classics good . The flesh - eating was just thrown in as an extra . We 're actually bored throughout most of this 3-part chronicle because of the lame(twilight - zone like ) easily understood and slow - pacingly revealed finale 's . The last story is actually the story the movie started with(having a reporter investigating a so - called ghost town ) and of course we get to see flesh eating zombie 's in that one as well . Well , I think I 've said enough . Watch the classics , not this 3D bore - feast .
0 There 's tons of good - looking women in this flick . But alas , this movie is nudity - free . Grrrrrrrrrr Strike one.<br /><br />Ahem . One story in this film takes place in 1971 . Then why the hell are the main characters driving a Kia Sportage ? Hello ? Continuity , anyone?<br /><br />As you might know , this movie was released in stereoscopic 3D. And it is the most hideous effect I have ever seen . I 'm not sure if someone botched the job on this , but there WAS no 3D , just double - vision blurs . I did n't have the same problem with this company 's other 3D movies , HUNTING SEASON and CAMP BLOOD . Sure , the 3D in those ones sucked too , but with them I could see a semblance of 3D effect.<br /><br />This thing is a big ball of nothing.<br /><br />And whoever that women was who played the daughter of the ear - eating dame , yum ! I 'd like to see more of her . In movies , as well . Looks like Janet Margolin at a young age . Purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr < br /><br / >
0 En route to a small town that lays way off the beaten track ( but which looks suspiciously close to a freeway ) , a female reporter runs into a strange hitch - hiker who agrees to help direct her to her destination . The strange man then recounts a pair of gruesome tales connected to the area : in the first story , an adulterous couple plot to kill the woman 's husband , but eventually suffer a far worse fate themselves when they are attacked by a zombie ; and in the second story , a group of campers have their vacation cut short when an undead outlaw takes umbrage at having his grave peed on.<br /><br />The Zombie Chronicles is an attempt by writer Garrett Clancy and director Brad Sykes at making a zombie themed anthologya nice idea , but with only two stories , it falls woefully short . And that 's not the only way in which this low budget gore flick fails to deliver : the acting is lousy ( with Joe Haggerty , as the tale - telling Ebenezer Jackson , giving one of the strangest performances I have ever seen ) ; the locations are uninspired ; the script is dreary ; there 's a sex scene with zero nudity ; and the ending .... well , that beggars belief.<br /><br />To be fair , some of Sykes ' creative camera - work is effective ( although the gimmicky technique employed as characters run through the woods is a tad overused ) and Joe Castro 's cheapo gore is enthusiastic : an ear is bitten off , eyeballs are plucked out , a face is removed , brains are squished , and there is a messy decapitation . These positives just about make the film bearable , but be warned , The Zombie Chronicles ai n't a stroll in the park , even for seasoned viewers of z - grade trash.<br /><br />I give The Zombie Chronicles 2/10 , but generously raise my rating to 3 since I did n't get to view the film with the benefit of 3D ( although I have a sneaking suspicion that an extra dimension would n't have made that much of a difference ) .
0 Without wishing to be a killjoy , Brad Sykes is responsible for at least two of the most dull and clichéd films i 've ever seen - this being one of them , and Camp Blood being another . < br /><br />The acting is terrible , the print is shoddy , and everything about this film screams " seriously , you could do better yourself " . Maybe this is a challenge to everyone to saturate youtube with our own zombie related crap?<br /><br />I bought this for £ 1 , but remember , you ca n't put a price on 71 minutes of your life . You 'd do well to avoid this turkey , even at a bargain basement price .
0 My girlfriend once brought around The Zombie Chronicles for us to watch as a joke . Little did we realize the joke was on her for paying £ 1 for it . While watching this film I started to come up with things I would rather be doing than watching The Zombie Chronicles . These included:<br /><br />1 ) Drinking bleach 2 ) Rubbing sand in my eyes 3 ) Writing a letter to Brad Sykes and Garrett Clancy 4 ) Re - enacting the American civil war 5 ) Tax returns 6 ) GCSE Maths 7 ) Sex with an old lady.<br /><br />Garrett Clancy , aka Sgt . Ben Draper wrote this ? The guy could n't even dig a hole properly . The best ting he did was kick a door down ( the best part of the film ) . This was the worst film I have ever seen , and I 've seen White Noise : The Light . Never has a film had so many mistakes in it . My girlfriend left it here , so now I live with the shame of owning this piece of crap.<br /><br />News just in : Owen Wilson watched this film and tried to kill himself . Fact.<br /><br />DO NOT WATCH
0 Amateur , no budget films can be surprisingly good ... this however is not one of them.<br /><br />Ah , another Brad Sykes atrocity . The acting is hideous , except for Emmy Smith who shows some promise . The camera " direction " needs serious reworking . And no more " hold the camera and run " gimmicks either ; it just does n't work . The special effects are unimaginative , there 's a problem when the effect can be identified in real time . If you 're going to rip off an ear , please do n't let us see the actor 's real ear beneath the blood . The scenery is bland and boring ( same as Mr. Sykes other ventures ) , and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn and really bad guitar driven metal ( see the scenery comment).<br /><br />Did I mention the lack of any real plot , or character development ? Apparently , the scriptwriter didn't.<br /><br />Whoever is funding this guy ... please stop . I 've seen some of his other " home movies " ( which I will not plug ) and they are just as bad . Normally , a " director " will grow and learn from his previous efforts ... not this guy . It 's one thing to be an amateur filmmaker , but anyone can be a hack.<br /><br />Definitely not even a popcorn film ... of course , chewing on popcorn kernels would be less painful than this effort.<br /><br />Award : The worst ever military push - ups in a film .
0 OK its not the best film I 've ever seen but at the same time I 've been able to sit and watch it TWICE ! ! ! story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it cheap laughs all the way.<br /><br />And Jebidia deserves an Oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling.<br /><br />overall the film was pretty perfetic but if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it .
0 Some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd Century films released dozens of obscure Italian and American movie that were great , but although Hardgore released some Fulci films amongst others , the bulk of their output is crap like The Zombie Chronicles.<br /><br />The only positive thing I can say about this film is that it 's nowhere near as annoying as the Stink of Flesh . Other than that , its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a Lego house built by a whelk.<br /><br />It 's been noted elsewhere , but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence , so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks , you 've seen it all already.<br /><br />Bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18,000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast ( especially the hitchhiker , who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit ) , and kudos to Hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like I was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip.<br /><br />Awful , awful stuff . We 've all made stuff like this when we 've gotten a hold of a camera , but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere . Avoid .
0 I received this movie as a gift , I knew from the DVD cover , this movie are going to be bad . After not watching it for more than a year I finally watched it . what a pathetic movie  .<br /><br />I almost did n't finish watching this bad movie , but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie.<br /><br />Trust me when I say " this movie sucks " I am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie , But it could n't have cost more than $ 20 000 to produce this movie . all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about 15 people with no acting skills , a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people.<br /><br />In the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter ( Tara Woodley ) run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town . He are completely unharmed . They went to a supposed to be abandon house , but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there . just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems.<br /><br />Then the supposed drunk man start telling Tara ghost / zombies stories.<br /><br />The fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history.<br /><br />his story < br /><br />Sgt . Ben Draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion ( I think this is what happens)after letting the poor soldier private Wilson do sit ups he let him dig a grave and then the soldier collapse , Ben Draper < br /><br />buries him in a shallow grave.<br /><br />But Sgt . Ben Draper are in for n big surprise . his wife / girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills Sgt . Ben Draper to take revenge on private Wilson.(next to the grave of the soldier he sort off murdered ) The soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf.<br /><br />The twist ending were so lame.<br /><br />Even if you like B HORROR movies , do n't watch this movie
0 I have not seen many low budget films i must admit , but this is the worst movie ever probably , the main character the old man talked like , he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds , a 5 year old could act better . The story had the most awful plot , and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like and then just went over the top , i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was , and hoped it was leading onto the real movie . I ca nt believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters , instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight . I think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman , i think the only thing OK with the budget was the make up , but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit . Awful simply awful .
0 .. Oh wait , I can ! This movie is not for the typical film snob , unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions , like " continuity editing " and " geographic match " . I could n't tell where I was in this movie . One second they 're in the present , next minute their supposedly in the 70 's driving a modern SUV and wearing what looked like to me as 80 's style clothing . I think . I could n't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible . I think it only got attention because it has a 3d which I did not watch . If you 're a b - movie buff , and by b - movie I mean BAD movie , then this film is for you . It 's home - movie and all non - sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake . If your tastes are more for Goddard and Antonioni , though , just skip this one .
0 You have to admire Brad Sykes even if you do n't particularly want to , a man who churns out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic receptions . But keeps on doing it all the same . Even the half - hearted praise than surrounds his Camp Blood films is given grudgingly and I 'm as guilty of this as anyone . Brad normally manages to throw something interesting into the mix , a neat idea , a kooky character , whatever , but without the funds to take it further than base level , he relies on the audience to cut him some slack and appreciate it for what it is and what it could be . Joe Haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as Ebenezer Jackson and its a credit to Sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn is going to work within the framework of the film . Coming to a multiplex near you , in a parallel universe , somewhere .
0 THE ZOMBIE CHRONICLES < br /><br />Aspect ratio : 1.33:1 ( Nu - View 3-D)<br /><br />Sound format : Mono < br /><br />Whilst searching for a ( literal ) ghost town in the middle of nowhere , a young reporter ( Emmy Smith ) picks up a grizzled hitchhiker ( Joseph Haggerty ) who tells her two stories involving flesh - eating zombies reputed to haunt the area.<br /><br />An ABSOLUTE waste of time , hobbled from the outset by Haggerty 's painfully amateurish performance in a key role . Worse still , the two stories which make up the bulk of the running time are utterly routine , made worse by indifferent performances and lackluster direction by Brad Sykes , previously responsible for the likes of CAMP BLOOD ( 1999 ) . This is n't a ' fun ' movie in the sense that Ed Wood 's movies are ' fun ' ( he , at least , believed in what he was doing and was sincere in his efforts , despite a lack of talent ) ; Sykes ' home - made movies are , in fact , aggravating , boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue , and most viewers will feel justifiably angry and cheated by such unimaginative , badly - conceived junk . The 3-D format is utterly wasted here .
0 A woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious town , and hears two ghoulish stories from the local weirdo , both zombie related . But perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too ... <br /><br />The Zombie Chronicles is absolutely one of the worst films I have ever seen . In fact I must confess , so bad was it I fast forwarded through most of the garbage . And there was a lot of that , believe me . It runs for just 69 minutes , and there is still tons of filler . You get some skinhead doing a lot of push ups , plenty of dull kissy - kissy scenes between goofy teens ( that rhymed , tee hee ) and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors.<br /><br />As for the title characters , they barely even have a footnote in the film . Why , you get more undead action in the intro than you do the preceding feature ! Though , considering how pathetic the eyes bursting out of sockets and the eating of brains sequences are ( amongst other ' delights ' ) , maybe that 's a blessing in disguise.<br /><br />And to top it all off , it looks likes it 's been filmed on someone 's mobile phone for broadcast on Youtube . Jerky camera - work , scratches on the print , flickering lights ... I had to rub my eyes when I realised it was made in 2001 , and not 1971 . Even the clothes and fashioned look about three decades out of date!<br /><br />If you think I 'm not qualified to do a review of Chronicles having not seen the whole film , then go ahead . YOU try sitting through it , I betcha you wo n't even make it to the first appearance of the blue - smartie coloured freaks before making your excuses and leaving . It is truly laughable that anyone chose to release it , and honestly you 'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your DVD player with this gigglesome excuse for horror . In fact , do n't for surprised if it packs it 's bags and leaves in the morning , leaving you doomed to watch VHS tapes for the rest of your life . You have been warned ... 0/10<br /><br />P.S What kind of 18-rated horror has the woman keep a massive sports bra on during the obligatory sex scene ? ! See , the movie ca n't even get that part right ...
0 Really , I ca n't believe that I spent $ 5 on this movie . I am a huge zombie fanatic and thought the movie could n't be that bad . It had zombies in it right ? Was I wrong ! To be honest the movie had it 's moments ... I thought it was cool when the guy got his head ripped off but that was about it . Overall I think that it would be more enjoyable to slide down a razorblade slide on my bare nutsack into a vat of vinegar then watch this movie again . The movie could have been better if we could see some boob but I had to watch the trailers for the other movies produced by this company to see that . Buyer beware ... unless you are into masochism .
0 I rented this movie about 3 years ago , and it still stands out in my mind as the worst movie ever made . I do n't think I ever finished it . It is worse than a home video made by a high school student . I remember them doing a flashback to 1970 something and in the flashback there was a man with a polo shirt , oakley sunglasses and a newer SUV , like a Toyota Rav-4 or something ( I do n't remember ) . I do n't understand how they could have possibly said that to be in the 70s . He might have had a cell phone too , I ca nt remember , It was just horrible . I returned it to the video store and asked them why they even carry the movie and if I could get the hour of my life back . To this day it is the worst movie I have ever seen , and I have seen some pretty bad ones .
0 : Spoilers:<br /><br />I was very disappointed in Love 's Abiding Joy . I had been waiting a really long time to see it and I finally got the chance when it re - aired Thursday night on Hallmark . I love the first three " Love " movies but this one was nothing like I thought it was going to be . The whole movie was sad and depressing , there were way to many goofs , and the editing was very poor - to many scenes out of context . I also think the death of baby Kathy happened way to soon and Clarks appearance in the movie just did n't seem to fit . It seemed like none of the actors really wanted to be there - they were all lacking emotion . There seemed to be no interaction between Missie and Willie at all.<br /><br />I think the script writers should have went more by the book . It seems like every movie that 's been made so far just slips further and further away from Janette Oke 's writings . I mean in the movie they never mentioned a thing about the mine and the two boys or Clark getting hurt because of it . And I think Missie and Willies reactions to Kathy 's death could have been shown and heard rather than just heard.<br /><br />Out of the four movies that have been made so far I 'd have to say that Love 's Abiding Joy is my least favorite . I hope with the next four movies that more of the book is followed and if Clarks character is in them I hope he 's got a bigger part and I hope his part is n't so bland . I also hope there is more of Scottie and Cookie and maybe even Marty but who knows what the script writers will have in store next .
0 I 've seen all four of the movies in this series . Each one strays further and further from the books . This is the worst one yet . My problem is that it does not follow the book it is titled after in any way ! The directors and producers should have named it any thing other than " Love 's Abiding Joy . " The only thing about this movie that remotely resembles the book are the names of some of the characters ( Willie , Missie , Henry , Clark , Scottie and Cookie ) . The names / ages / genders of the children are wrong . The entire story line is no where in the book.<br /><br />I find it a great disservice to Janette Oke , her books and her fans to produce a movie under her title that is not correct in any way . The music is too loud . The actors are not convincing - they lack emotions.<br /><br />If you want a good family movie , this might do . It is clean . Do n't watch it , though , if you are hoping for a condensed version of the book . I hope that this will be the last movie from this series , but I doubt it . If there are more movies made , I wish Michael Landon , Jr and others would stick closer to the original plot and story lines . The books are excellent and , if closely followed , would make excellent movies !
0 I very much looked forward to this movie . Its a good family movie ; however , if Michael Landon Jr. 's editing team did a better job of editing , the movie would be much better . Too many scenes out of context . I do hope there is another movie from the series , they 're all very good . But , if another one is made , I beg them to take better care at editing . This story was all over the place and did n't seem to have a center . Which is unfortunate because the other movies of the series were great . I enjoy the story of Willie and Missy ; they 're both great role models . Plus , the romantic side of the viewers always enjoy a good love story .
0 I have read all of the Love Come Softly books . Knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the book , but generally they at least have the main point of the book . I was highly disappointed in this movie . The only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that Missy 's father comes to visit,(although in the book both parents come ) . That is all . The story line was so twisted and far fetch and yes , sad , from the book , that I just could n't enjoy it . Even if I did n't read the book it was too sad . I do know that Pioneer life was rough , but the whole movie was a downer . The rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great .
0 As a Southern Baptist , it pains me that I must give a below average rating to an overtly Christian movie . There certainly are n't so many that I want to discourage film - makers from a genre that 's woefully under - exploited . Still , I must honestly say that " Love 's Abiding Joy " is a typically low budget , low key , self - consciously Christian film . The plot is predictable , the acting mediocre ( I 'm being kind ) , and the editing atrocious . As a TV movie it might have been slightly above average , but as a feature film it leaves much to be desired . Keep trying guys . You 've got to have a movie about about real Christians inside you somewhere . Might I suggest you turn to G. K. Chesterton or C. S. Lewis for some inspiration ?
0 WARNING : This review contains SPOILERS . Do not read if you do n't want some points revealed to you before you watch the film.<br /><br />With a cast like this , you wonder whether or not the actors and actresses knew exactly what they were getting into . Did they see the script and say , ` Hey , Close Encounters of the Third Kind was such a hit that this one ca n't fail . ' Unfortunately , it does . Did they even think to check on the director 's credentials ? I mean , would YOU do a movie with the director of a movie called ` Satan 's Cheerleaders ? ' Greydon Clark , who would later go on to direct the infamous ` Final Justice , ' made this . It makes you wonder how the people of Mystery Science Theater 3000 could hammer ` Final Justice ' and completely miss out on ` The Return.'<br /><br />The film is set in a small town in New Mexico . A little boy and girl are in the street unsupervised one night when a powerful flashlight beam.er.a spaceship appears and hovers over them . In probably the worst special effect sequence of the film , the ship spews some kind of red ink on them . It looked like Clark had held a beaker of water in from of the camera lens and dipped his leaky pen in it , so right away you are treated with cheese . Anyhow , the ship leaves and the adults do n't believe the children . Elsewhere , we see Vincent Schiavelli , whom I find to be a terrific actor ( watch his scenes in ` Ghost ' for proof , as they are outstanding ) , who is playing a prospector , or as I called him , the Miner 1949er . He steps out of the cave he is in , and he and his dog are inked by the ship . Twenty - five years go by , and the girl has grown up to be Cybill Shepherd , who works with her father , Raymond Burr , in studying unusual weather phenomena . Or something like that . Shepherd spots some strange phenomena in satellite pictures over that little New Mexico town , and she travels there to research it . Once she gets there , the local ranchers harass her , and blame her for the recent slew of cattle mutilations that have been going on , and deputy Jan - Michael Vincent comes to her rescue . From this point on , the film really drags as the two quickly fall for each other , especially after Vincent wards off the locals and informs Shepherd that he was the little boy that saw the ship with her twenty - five years earlier . While this boring mess is happening , Vincent Schiavelli , with his killer dog at his side , is walking around killing the cattle and any people he runs into with an unusual item . You know those glowing plastic sticks stores sell for trick - or - treaters at Halloween , the kind that you shake to make them glow ? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those glow sticks to burn incisions in people . It 's the second - worst effect in the movie . Every time Schiavelli is on screen with the glow stick , the scene 's atmosphere suddenly turns dark , like the filmmakers thought the glow stick needed that enhancement . It ends up making the movie look even cheaper than it is.<br /><br />And what does all this lead up to ? It 's hard to tell when the final , confusing scene arrives . See , Burr and his team of scientists try to explain the satellite images that Shepherd found as some kind of ` calling card , ' but none of it makes sense . Why do Shepherd and Vincent age and Schiavelli does not ? Schiavelli explains why he is killing cattle and people and why he wants Shepherd dead , but even that does n't make much sense when you really think about it . I mean , why does n't he kill Jan - Michael Vincent ? After all , he had twenty - five years to do it . And the aliens wo n't need him if Shepherd is dead anyhow , so why try to kill her ? Speaking of the aliens , it is never clear what they really wanted out of Shepherd and Vincent . What is their goal ? Why do they wait so long to intervene ? How could they be so sure Shepherd would come back ? Not that the answer to any of these and other questions would have made ` The Return ' any more pleasant . You would still have bad lines , really bad acting , particularly by Shepherd , cheesy effects , and poor direction . Luckily , the stars escaped from this movie . Cybill Shepherd soon went on to star in ` Moonlighting ' with Bruce Willis . Jan - Michael Vincent went on to be featured in dozens of B - movies , often in over - the - top parts . Raymond Burr made a pile of Perry Mason television movies right up until his death . Vincent Schiavelli went on to be a great character actor in a huge number of films . Martin Landau , who played a kooky law enforcement officer , quickly made the terrific ` Alone in the Dark ' and the awful ` The Being ' before rolling into the films he has been famous for recently . You can bet none of these stars ever want their careers to return to ` The Return . ' Zantara 's score : 2 out of 10 .
0 As a kid I did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool , however I was a kid and so I was a bit dumb . Even as a dumb kid though the movies plot was stupid and a bit boring when the killer was not using his light knife to kill people . What amazes me is that the movie has a really solid cast in it . What script did they read when agreeing to be in this movie as it is most assuredly boring and only a means to show off a light saber on a very small scale . The plot at times is incomprehensible and the end is totally chaotic . The whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon . The plot has two kids and some dude having an alien encounter , flash years later and there seems to be a return as it were in the mix . Dead animals and such to be explored and for some reason the one dude gets the weapon of the aliens and proceeds to use it to go on a very light killing spree . Seriously , you just have to wonder why this movie was made , if you are going to have a killer have some good death scenes , if you are going to have alien encounters show more than a weird light vortex thing , and if you are going to have light sabers then call yourself star wars .
0 Jill Dunne ( played by Mitzi Kapture ) , is an attractive , nice woman , over - whelmed by a smart - mouthed teenage daughter , Liv ( Martha MacIsaac ) and a petty , two - timing husband , Sean ( Rick Roberts ) , both of which were tediously self - centered , and obnoxious.<br /><br />This was advertised as a troubled family stalked by a crazed killer during a relentless storm.<br /><br />The storm does n't even happen until about the last 5 minutes of the film , and then it is n't anything to send anybody running to the storm cellar.<br /><br />The stalking , likewise does n't get intense until almost the end of the film.<br /><br />Most of the film we spend listening to Jill and her insufferable daughter , Liv , argue until I just wanted to back slap the daughter into next week.<br /><br />Jill 's problem with Liv is that she has taken up with Zack , a boy of questionable character , and they are constantly making out -- in fact Jill comes home to find the two of them on Liv 's bed.<br /><br />The rest of the time we spend listening to Jill 's husband Sean either whine at Jill or criticize her.<br /><br />Sean was not at all appealing -- since his face is so covered in freckles you could play connect the dots.<br /><br />The story begins with Jill being notified of an out - standing bill on their credit card for a hotel she has never been to , and that she thought Sean had never been to either.<br /><br />Jill goes to the hotel where she meets the owner & manager , Richard Grant ( Nick Mancuso ) , a very nice , older , divorced man , who is sympathetic to her . In fact , when he spots her husband there again , he phones Jill and tips her off.<br /><br />Jill returns to the hotel , sees Sean with another woman . She is upset , leaves without Sean seeing her , and does absolutely nothing . In fact , she does n't even say anything to Sean when he arrives home . This made no sense to me.<br /><br />Jill has given Richard her business card , and so he calls her and she is apparently in real estate . She shows him a condo . Afterwards they have a drink , and things get cozy between them.<br /><br />Richard and Jill are getting it on , hot and heavy . In fact , he seems a bit more aggressive than necessary , when Jill suddenly decides to cut out.<br /><br />Jill and Sean have a confrontation about his cheating . Sean whines about how Jill has been letting him down since her father died . Apparently his lack of any morals is all her fault . Eventually Jill confesses her own lack of morals and near adultery to Sean -- and of course that 's all her fault too , as far as Sean is concerned.<br /><br />The little family decides to go on a camping trip -- which means more whining and grousing among them , especially from the spoiled daughter.<br /><br />I was so rooting for the stalker to get everybody , but Jill.<br /><br />3 stars
0 This movie sucked . It really was a waste of my life . The acting was atrocious , the plot completely implausible . Long , long story short , these people get " terrorized " by this pathetic " crazed killer " , but completely fail to fight back in any manner . And this is after they take a raft on a camping trip , with no gear , and show up at a campsite that is already assembled and completely stocked with food and clothes and the daughters headphones . Additionally , after their boat goes missing , they panic that they 're stuck in the woods , but then the daughters boyfriend just shows up and they apparently never consider that they could just hike out of the woods like he did to get to them . Like I said , this movie sucks . A complete joke . Do n't let your girlfriend talk you into watching it .
0 Lifetime did it again . Can we say stupid ? I could n't wait for it to end . The plot was senseless . The acting was terrible ! Especially by the teenagers . The story has been played a thousand times ! Are we just desperate to give actors a job ? The previews were attractive and I was really looking for a good thriller . Once in awhile lifetime comes up with a good movie , this is n't one of them . Unless one has nothing else to do I would avoid this one at all cost . This was a waste of two hours of my life . Can I get them back ? I would have rather scraped my face against a brick wall for two hours then soaked it in peroxide . That would have been more entertaining .
0 I have to say I am really surprised at the high ratings for this movie . I found it to be absolutely idiotic . The mother gets " visions " when she touches certain things or people ? And one thing she touched twice made her vision continue ... Just seemed so ridiculous . Deedee Pfieffer 's performance was awful I thought . She was very irritating . The girl who played Lori did a good job and so did most of the supporting cast for what they had to work with.<br /><br />I usually love LMN and am very open minded when it comes to movies but this movie seemed to have a ridiculous plot and over the top acting and it just was not for me .
0 The original book of this was set in the 1950s but that wo n't do for the TV series because most people watch for the 1930s style . Ironically the tube train near the end was a 1950s train painted to look like a 1930s train so the Underground can play at that game too . Hanging the storyline on a plot about the Jarrow March was feeble but the 50s version had students who were beginning to think about the world around them so I suppose making them think about the poverty of the marchers is much the same thing . All the stuff about Japp having to cater for himself was weak too but they had to put something in to fill the time . This would have made a decent half hour show or they could have filmed the book and made it a better long show . It is obvious this episode is a victim of style over content .
0 The annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story ... It 's something I would have done my 1st year in film school . Very sad . Additionally , the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason ... there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story , which makes me feel that the creative team did n't really know what they were doing , or just that it should have been shorter ... which would have been a blessing , not a crime . As I have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week ... I'd have to say that this was by far the worst , and I just wanted to warn others not to start with this one .
0 I saw this film opening weekend in Australia , anticipating with an excellent cast of Ledger , Edgerton , Bloom , Watts and Rush that the definitive story of Ned Kelly would unfold before me . Unfortunately , despite an outstanding performance by Heath Ledger in the lead role , the plot was paper thin .... which does n't inspire me to read " Our Sunshine " . There were some other plus points , the support acting from Edgerton in particular , assured direction from Jordan ( confirming his talent on show in Buffalo Soldiers as well ) , and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the Australian bush , much as the Irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it . But I ca n't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an Australian folk hero ( or was he?) .... in what I suspect is a concession to Hollywood and selling the picture in the US . Oh well , at least Jordan and the producers did n't agree to lose the beards just to please Universal ... <br /><br />Guess I will just have to content myself with Peter Carey 's excellent " Secret History of the Kelly Gang " . 4/10
0 I saw this at the premiere in Melbourne < br /><br />It is shallow , two - dimensional , unaffecting and , hard to believe given the subject matter , boring . The actors are passable , but they did n't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script . For those who might have worried that Ned Kelly would be over - intellectualised , you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all , told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards . However , it does n't work as a popcorn film either . Its pacing is too off - kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner.<br /><br />I very much doubt Gregor Jordan could sit back and say to himself " this is the best I could have done with the material".<br /><br />Ned Kelly is a fascinating figure , and equally so is the national response to him . Possibly folk genius , possibly class warrior , possibly psychopath and probably all these things , he has dominated Australian true mythology for over 120 years . Once again , his story has failed miserably on the big screen.<br /><br />Such is life .
0 Ned Kelly ( Ledger ) , the infamous Australian outlaw and legend . Sort of like Robin Hood , with a mix of Billy the Kid , Australians love the legend of how he stood up against the English aristocratic oppression , and united the lower classes to change Australia forever . The fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70 % immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film . Indeed , quite a few so called ` facts ' in this film are , on reflection , a tad dubious.<br /><br />I suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when , in the opening credits , it was claimed that this film is based upon the book , ` Our Sunshine ' . If ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book , there it was . This was n't going to be a historical epic , but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of Ned Kelly , albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version.<br /><br />Unfortunately , Ned Kelly is nothing more than an overblown Hallmark channel ` real life historical drama ' wannabe ! The story plods along at an alarming rate ( alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly ! ) The feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of Costner 's awful Wyatt Earp all those years ago . Simply put , nothing happens in the film , but it takes a long time getting to that nothing . This would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good ( because the direction sure as heck was n't ) . However , unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst Oirish accent , then you 're gon na be disappointed . Between that , the game of ` Who has the stupidest beard ? ' , ` Spot the obvious backstabber ! ' ( clue , they are all ginger for some reason ) , and ` Nature in Australia.including lions ' , it is an experience similar to flicking through Hallmark , The History Channel , Discovery Channel , and Neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover . Yup , nature pops up a lot , as to fill even more time ( possibly an attempt to look arty ) , the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots , and once all the native species are shown , here 's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion ( which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people).<br /><br />This is a turgid , emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to TV . There is n't even one good word I can say about this film . Even the usually fantastic Rush seems embarrassed to be here . When one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal , I myself was wishing I had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head !
0 They constructed this one as a kind of fantasy Man From Snowy River meets Butch Cassidy and the Sundance kid , and just for a romantic touch Ned and Joe get to play away with high class talent , the bored young wives of wealthy older men . OK , there are lots of myths about Ned Kelly , but there are also a lot of well documented facts , still leaving space for artistic creativity in producing a good historical dramaticisation . I mean , this is not the Robin Hood story , not the Arthurian legends , not Beowulf , not someone whose life is so shrouded in the mists of many many centuries past that any recreation of their life and times is 99 % guesswork . It 's only a couple of lifetimes ago . My own grandparents were already of school age when Ned was hanged . < br /><br />So it 's silly me for fancifully imagining this movie was a serious attempt to tell the Kelly story . Having recently read Peter Carey 's excellent novel " The True History of the Kelly Gang " I had eagerly anticipated that this would be in similar vein . But no , the fact is that Mick Jagger 's much derided 1970 Kelly was probably far closer to reality , and a better movie overall , which is n't saying a whole lot for it.<br /><br />Glad it only cost me two bucks to hire the DVD ! I 'll give it 3/10 , and that 's only because some of the nice shots of the Australian bush make me feel generous .
0 This has to be the worst piece of garbage I 've seen in a while.<br /><br />Heath Ledger is a heartthrob ? He looked deformed . I wish I 'd known that he and Naomi Watts are an item in real life because I spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him . < br /><br />Orlando Bloom is a heartthrob ? With the scraggly beard and deer - in - the - headlights look about him , I ca n't say I agree.<br /><br />Rachel Griffiths was her usual fabulous self , but Geoffrey Rush looked as if he could n't wait to get off the set . < br /><br />I'm supposed to feel sorry for bankrobbers and murderers ? This is a far cry from Butch Cassidy , which actually WAS an entertaining film . This was trite , cliche - ridden and boring . We only stayed because we were convinced it would get better . It didn't.<br /><br />The last 10 - 15 minutes or so were unintentionally hilarious . Heath and his gang are holed up in a frontier hotel , and women and children are dying because of their presence . That 's not funny . But it was funny when they walked out of the hotel with the armor on , because all we could think of was the Black Knight from Monty Python and the Holy Grail . I kept waiting for them to say " I 'll bite yer leg off ! " We were howling with laughter , as were several other warped members of the audience . When we left , pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was.<br /><br />I may not have paid cash to see this disaster ( sneak preview ) , but it certainly was n't free . It cost me 2 hours of my life that I will never get back .
0 If the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless , one might well refer to " Ned Kelly " as an " Australian Western . " For the people Down Under , Ned Kelly was , apparently , a folk hero bandit akin to Robin Hood , Jesse James , Bonnie and Clyde , and Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid . The descendant of Irish immigrants , Kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an Australian law officer , a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison . To get back at the government for this mistreatment , Kelly , his brother Dan , and two other companions , became notorious bank robbers , winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country.<br /><br />Perhaps because we 've encountered this " gentleman bandit " scenario so many times in the past , " Ned Kelly " feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre 's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown . Ned is the typical heart - of - gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and , even then , only with the deepest regret . He also has the pulse of the common folk , as when , in the middle of a bank robbery , he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers , after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it . What movie on this particular subject has n't featured a scene like that ? It 's acts of selective generosity like this , of course , that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers - that - be and the status quo . Geoffrey Rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment . There 's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers , so turned on is she by the romantic derring - do of the criminal lifestyle . And the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another.<br /><br />Heath Ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role , providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging . It does n't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice - over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film.<br /><br />"Ned Kelly " might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in Australian history , but as an entertainment , it 's just the same old story told with different accents .
0 This movie was so unrelentingly bad , I could hardly believe I was watching it . The directing , editing , production , and script all seemed as though they had been done by junior high school students who do n't know all that much about movies . There was no narrative flow that made any sort of sense . Big emotional moments and climaxes ( like one early on between Heath Ledger and Naomi Watts ) and character relationships ( like one hinted at at the very beginning ) come completely out of no where and are not set up like they would have been in a more elegantly and effectively made film . The characters are sadly underdeveloped , making it difficult for us to have any sort of connection with them . The acting , surprisingly , is not entirely bad , but the terrible writing cancels out the relatively convincing performances . The film plays like a particularly bad T.V. western / epic , and sadly diminishes the fascinating ( true ) story that it attempts to tell . I have read a lot of reviews that defend the film as being important to Australians because of the subject matter . That 's all very well , but just because Ned Kelly is an important Australian historical icon DOESN'T MAKE THE MOVIE GOOD . No one is saying that the subject matter is n't good , just the quality of the movie itself . Pearl Harbor was about a very important historical event to Americans , but that does n't mean I 'm going to defend the movie and say it was good , because it was still bad . A failure all around , though Heath and Orlando are lovely to look at .
0 This movie never made it to theaters in our area , so when it became available on DVD I was one of the first to rent it . For once , I should listened to the critics and passed on this one.<br /><br />Despite the excellent line up of actors the movie was very disappointing . I can see now why it went straight to video . < br /><br />I had thought that with Bloom , Ledger , and Rush it could have some value . All have done wonderful work in the past . < br /><br />The movie was slow moving and never pulled me in . I failed to develop much empathy for the characters and had to fight the urge to fast - forward just to get to the end . < br /><br />I do not recommend this film even if you are thinking of renting it for only for ' eye candy ' purposes . It wo n't satisfy even that .
0 I thought this was a very clunky , uninvolving version of a famous Australian story . Heath Ledger and Orlando Bloom were very good in their roles , and gave their characters some personality ; but the whole thing felt forced and mechanical.<br /><br />The beginning could have been a lot more involving ; perhaps starting with a shootout , and then flashing back for a recap of how they got there or that sort of thing . And I felt like every scene was routinely predictable and signposted , like a very bad tv soap.<br /><br />I was really looking forward to this movie , and hoping for something a lot better . The only thing I can say in its favour is that it beats the Mick Jagger version , but not by much .
0 Ned aKelly is such an important story to Australians but this movie is awful . It 's an Australian story yet it seems like it was set in America . Also Ned was an Australian yet he has an Irish accent ... it is the worst film I have seen in a long time
0 From the very beginning , the political theme of this film is so obvious and heavy handed , that the outcome is entirely predictable . Any good textbook on writing screenplays will advise layering of characters , incorporating character arcs , and three act structure . In this film you will find none of that . The police are the baddies , and consequently are shown as shallow , incompetent and cowards . It never seems to occur to the makers of this film that police might be honourable citizens who see joining the police as a good way to contribute to the wellbeing of society.<br /><br />The viewer gets no opportunity to make up his or her mind on whether Ned Kelly is a good guy or a ruthless villain . The film opens with him being arrested for stealing a horse , but we get no clue as to his guilt or innocence . We see him walk through the door of a gaol , but only know that he has been inside for three years when we hear this much later in some dialogue.<br /><br />This film contains many shots of Ned looking at the camera with a serious expression . I found the film a real chore to watch . It is the direction for modern films , and this one put me off watching any more .
0 I guess I was attracted to this film both because of the sound of the story and the leading actor , so I gave it a chance , from director Gregor Jordan ( Buffalo Soldiers ) . Basically Ned Kelly ( Heath Ledger ) is set up by the police , especially Superintendent Francis Hare ( Geoffrey Rush ) , he is forced to go on the run forming a gang and go against them to clear his own and his family 's names . That 's really all I can say about the story , as I was n't paying the fullest attention to be honest . Also starring Orlando Bloom as Joseph Byrne , Naomi Watts as Julia Cook , Laurence Kinlan as Dan Kelly , Philip Barantini as Steve Hart , Joel Edgerton as Aaron Sherritt , Kiri Paramore as Constable Fitzpatrick , Kerry Condon as Kate Kelly , Emily Browning as Grace Kelly and Rachel Griffiths as Susan Scott . Ledger makes a pretty good performance , for what it 's worth , and the film does have it 's eye - catching moments , particularly with a gun battle towards the end , but I ca n't say I enjoyed it as I did n't look at it all . Okay !
0 I do n't quite get the rating for The Amati Girls and I think I was REALLY kind giving it a 4 out of 10 . What could otherwise have been a wonderful story with actually a set of more or less decent actors became a total farce in my eyes . There are so many clichés in that flick , the women 's hair is just awful and most of the scenes are more than unrealistic or seem fake . There 's no real passion in this movie but a bunch of actors over - acting over any limits that it hurts . It 's not funny enough to be a comedy , it 's too fake - sad to really touch , so in my eyes it 's just not good . Watching it I could n't believe how something like that made it to my TV set in my living room in Switzerland . But .. maybe it still was OK and it just got lost in translation ? Who knows . Definitely one of the oddest movies I 've ever seen and this certainly not in a good way ! Sorry .
0 This movie was awful . The ending was absolutely horrible . There was no plot to the movie whatsoever . The only thing that was decent about the movie was the acting done by Robert DuVall and James Earl Jones . Their performances were excellent ! The only problem was that the movie did not do their acting performances any justice . If the script would have come close to capturing a halfway decent story , it would be worth watching . Instead , Robert DuVall 's and James Earl Jones ' performances are completely wasted on a god awful storyline ... or lack thereof . Not only was I left waiting throughout the movie for something to happen to make the movie .... well an actual movie ... not just utterless dialog between characters for what ended up being absolutely no reason . It was nothing more than common dialog that would have taken place back in that period of time . There was nothing special about any of the characters . The only thing special was how Robert DuVall portrayed a rambling , senile , drunk , old man . Nothing worthy happens during the entire movie including the end . When the movie ended , I sat amazed ... amazed that I sat through the entire movie waiting for something of interest to happen to make watching the movie worth while . It never happened ! The cast of characters suddenly started rolling making it apparent that the movie really was over and I realized that I had just wasted 2 hours of my life watching a movie with absolutely no plot and no meaning . It was n't even a story . The entire movie takes place in a day 's worth of time . That 's it . It was one day in the life ( and death ) of some Southerners on a plantation . How much of a story can take place in a single day ( other than the movie Training Day ) ? The acting performances by the entire cast were excellent , but they were grossly wasted on such a disappointment of a movie ... if you can even call it a movie .
0 Holy crap . This was the worst film I have seen in a long time . All the performances are fine , but there is no plot . Really ! No plot ! A bunch of clowns talk about this and that and that 's your film . Ug ... Robert Duvall 's character is senile and keeps asking the same people the same qestions over and over . This earns him the same responses over and over . I am pretty sure this film got upto a six because people think they should like it . Good performances with famous and well regarded actors , but the actual complete work is a steamy turd . Well , maybe that 's a bit deceptive since steam rising from a fresh pile sounds a little like something happening and in this film NOTHING HAPPENS ! Sack
0 SWING ! is an important film because it 's one of the remaining Black - produced and acted films from the 1930s . Many of these films have simply deteriorated so badly that they are unwatchable , but this one is in fairly good shape . It 's also a nice chance to see many of the talented Black performers of the period just after the heyday of the old Cotton Club -- a time all but forgotten today.<br /><br />Unfortunately , while the film is historically important and has some lovely performances , it 's also a mess . The main plot is very similar to the Hollywood musicals of the era -- including a prima donna who is going to ruin the show and the surprise unknown who appears from no where to save the day . However , the writing is just god - awful and a bit trashy at times -- and projects images of Black America that some might find a bit demeaning . This is because before the plot really gets going , you are treated to a no - account bum who lives off his hard working wife ( a popular stereotype of the time ) and when he is caught with a hussy ( who , by the way , totally overplays this role ) , they have a fight which looks like a scene from WWE Smackdown ! And , the one lady wants to cut the other lady with a straight razor -- a trashy scene indeed ! Later in the film , when the prima donna is behaving abominably , her husband punches her in the face and everyone applauds him ! It seems like the film , at times , wants to appeal to the lowest common denominator in the audience PLUS they ca n't even do this well -- with some of the worst acting I 've seen in a very long time.<br /><br />Still , if you can look past a lousy production in just about every way ( with trashy characters , bad acting and direction and poor writing ) , this one might be worth a peek so you can see excellent singing and tap dancing -- as well as to catch a glimpse of forgotten Black culture . Just do n't say I did n't warn you about the acting -- it 's really , really bad !
0 There 's not a drop of sunshine in " The Sunshine Boys " , which makes the title of this alleged comedy Neil Simon 's sole ironic moment . Simon , who adapted the script from his play ( which goes uncredited ) , equates old age with irrational behavior -- and , worse , clumsy , galumphing , mean - spirited irrational behavior . Walter Matthau is merciless on us playing an aged vaudeville performer talked into reuniting with former comedy partner George Burns for a television special ( it 's said they were a team for 43 years , which begs the question " how long did vaudeville last , anyway ? " ) . Burns , who won a Supporting Oscar , has the misfortune of coming to the film some thirty minutes in , after which time Matthau has already blasted the material to hell and back . The noisier the movie gets , the less tolerable and watchable it is . Director Herbert Ross only did solid work when he was n't coupled with one of Neil Simon 's screenplays ; here , Ross sets up gags like a thudding amateur , hammering away at belligerent routines which fail to pay off ( such as semi - incoherent Matthau showing up at a mechanic 's garage to audition for a TV commercial ) . At this point , Matthau was still too young for this role , and he over - compensates by slouching and hollering . It was up to Ross and Simon to tone down the character , to nuance his temperament to give " The Sunshine Boys " some sunniness , yet Walter continues to project as if we 'd all gone deaf . The picture looks terribly drab and crawls along at a spiritless pace ; one loses hope for it early on . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 I like Goldie Hawn and wanted another one of her films , so when I saw Protocol for $ 5.50 at Walmart I purchased it . Although mildly amusing , the film never really hits it a stride . Some scenes such as a party scene in a bar just goes on for too long and really has no purpose.<br /><br />Then , of course , there is the preachy scene at the end of the film which gives the whole film a bad taste as far as I 'm concerned . I do n't think this scene added to the movie at all . I do n't like stupid comedies trying to teach me a lesson , written by some ' 60 's burn out especially!<br /><br />In the end , although I 'm glad to possess another Hawn movie , I 'm not sure it was really worth the money I paid for it !
0 Protocol is an implausible movie whose only saving grace is that it stars Goldie Hawn along with a good cast of supporting actors . The story revolves around a ditzy cocktail waitress who becomes famous after inadvertently saving the life of an Arab dignitary . The story goes downhill halfway through the movie and Goldie 's charm just does n't save this movie . Unless you are a Goldie Hawn fan do n't go out of your way to see this film .
0 When an attempt is made to assassinate the Emir of Ohtar , an Arab potentate visiting Washington , D.C. , his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis . Sunny becomes a national heroine and media celebrity and as a reward is offered a job working for the Protocol Section of the United States Department of State . Unknown to her however , the State Department officials who offer her the job have a hidden agenda.<br /><br />A map we see shows Ohtar lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen , in an area of barren desert known as the Rub al - Khali , or Empty Quarter . In real life a state in this location would have a population of virtually zero , and virtually zero strategic value , but for the purposes of the film we have to accept that Ohtar is of immense strategic importance in the Cold War and that the American government , who are keen to build a military base there , need to do all that they can in order to keep on the good side of its ruler . It transpires that the Emir has taken a fancy to the attractive young woman who saved him and he has reached a deal with the State Department ; they can have their base provided that he can have Sunny as the latest addition to his harem . Sunny 's new job is just a ruse to ensure that the Emir has further opportunities to meet her.<br /><br />A plot like this could have been the occasion for some hilarious satire , but in fact the film 's satirical content is rather toned down . Possibly in 1984 the American public were not in the mood for trenchant satire on their country 's foreign policy ; this was , after all , the year in which Ronald Reagan carried forty - nine out of fifty states in the Presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly going down well with the voters . ( If the film had been made a couple of years later , in the wake of the Iran / Contra affair , its tone might have been different).<br /><br />The film is not so much a satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn to show off her brand of cuteness and charm . Sunny is a typical Goldie character- pretty , sweet - natured , naive and not too bright . There is , however , a limit to how far you can go with cuteness and charm alone , and you can not automatically make a bad film a good one just by making the leading character a dumb blonde . ( Actually , that sounds more like a recipe for making a good film a bad one ) . Goldie tries her best to save this one , but never succeeds . Part of the reason is the inconsistent way in which her character is portrayed . On the one hand Sunny is a sweet , innocent country girl from Oregon . On the other hand she is a 35-year - old woman who works in a sleazy bar and wears a revealing costume . The effect is rather like imagining Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm grown up and working as a Bunny Girl.<br /><br />The more important reason why Goldie is unable to rescue this film is even the best comedian or comedienne is no better than his / her material , and " Protocol " is simply unfunny . Whatever humour exists is tired and strained , relying on offensive stereotypes about Arab men who , apparently , all lust after Western women , particularly if they are blonde and blue - eyed . There was a lot of this sort of thing about in the mid - eighties , as this was the period which also saw the awful Ben Kingsley/ Nastassia Kinski film " Harem " , about a lascivious Middle Eastern ruler who kidnaps a young American woman , and the mini - series of the same name which told a virtually identical story with a period setting . The film - makers seem to have realised that their film would not work as a pure comedy , because towards the end it turns into a sort of latter - day " Mr Smith Goes to Washington " . Sunny turns from a blonde bimbo into a fount of political wisdom and starts uttering all sorts of platitudes about Democracy and the Constitution and the Citizen 's Duty to Vote and We The People and how the Price of Liberty is Eternal Vigilance blah blah blah  , but in truth the film is no more successful as a political parable than it is as a comedy.<br /><br />Goldie Hawn has made a number of good comedies , such as " Cactus Flower " , " Overboard " and " " Housesitter " , but " Protocol " is not one of them . I have not seen all of her films , but of those I have seen this dire comedy is by far the worst . 3/10
0 What does the " Executive producer " do in a movie . If I remember correctly it 's the person who raised the financial backing to make the movie . You might notice in a great number of movies starring Sean Connery that he is also the executive producer which meant Connery himself raised the money since he is a major player . Unfortunately it should also be pointed out that a great number of movies " starring Sean Connery were solely made because he managed to raise the money since he 's a major Hollywood player , it 's usually an indication that when the credits read that the executive producer and the star of the movie are one and the same the movie itself is nothing more than a star vehicle with the story / screenplay not being up to scratch < br /><br />PROTOCOL follows the saga of one Sunny Davis a kooky bimboesque cocktail waitress who saves a visiting dignitary and as a reward gets made a top diplomat . Likely ? As things progress Ms Davis ( Who has problems being able to string two sentences together ) finds herself in more outlandish and less likely situations . When I say that PROTOCOL stars Goldie Hawn who is also the film 's executive producer do you understand what I 'm saying about the story / screenplay not being up to scratch ? Exactly
0 Outlandish premise that rates low on plausibility and unfortunately also struggles feebly to raise laughs or interest . Only Hawn 's well - known charm allows it to skate by on very thin ice . Goldie 's got ta be a contender for an actress who 's done so much in her career with very little quality material at her disposal ... <br /><br / >
0 There are only two movies I would give a 1/10 to , this stinker and " The Man who Fell to Earth . " I remember seeing Protocol at a theater in the early 80s when I was in high school . The script is insulting to anyone ( including a high school student 's ) intelligence . It completely lost me with the " hillarious " gag of someone getting shot in the butt . Goldie Hawn is supposed to be charming but comes across as vapid and moronic . Then there are offensive stereotypes about Arabs , followed by Goldie winning over everyone by spouting populist dribble . The acting was terrible , including Goldie Hawn 's . I could not stand to see another movie she was in until IMO she redeemed herself in Everyone Says I Love You . This is the kind of movie you make if you want to put no effort into screenplay writing . The worst .
0 The only good thing about this movie was the shot of Goldie Hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed . Ooooof ! Her loins rival those of Nina Hartley . This movie came out when I was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me . I 'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty Roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on TV , where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene , good grief , reminding me what a smokin ' hottie of a woman Goldie Hawn was in the ' 80s . Kurt Russell must have had a fun life .
0 I 'm studying Catalan , and was delighted to find El Mar , a movie with mostly Catalan dialogue , at my art - house video store.<br /><br />Hmmm ... not so delighted to have seen it.<br /><br />Yes , as other reviewers have said , it 's well - made , and beautifully photographed . Although the opening sequence of the children is shockingly violent , it 's well - acted and convincing . ( For the most part , that is ... Would the Mallorquins strip a corpse in preparation for burial right in the middle of the town square , in full view of the dead man 's 10-year - old boy ? ) Oh , well ... minor detail . Up to this point , it had something of the feel of a non - magical Pan 's Labyrinth , also set in the Spanish Civil War.<br /><br />Fast - forward , and the three children who survived the opening incident have come of age . Francisca is a nun working at a tuberculosis sanatorium and the two boys , Manuel and Ramallo , both are patients . I know , but hey , coincidences happen.<br /><br />The problem , as with so many Spanish movies ( apologies to Almodovar fans ) , is that with one exception ( Francisca ) the characters are just so dang * weird*. Their motivations , personalities , and dialogue are often simply incoherent.<br /><br />What 's more , it descends into some horrific wretched excess . Be prepared for LOTS of pain and LOTS of blood . The reviewer who called it a " potboiler " is quite on track . If it had been made 40 years ago , the poster would 've said : SEE FORBIDDEN LOVE ! ! RAPE ! ! MURDER ! ! MUTILATION ! ! FANATICISM ! ! ANIMAL CRUELTY ! ! BETRAYAL ! ! < br /><br />The opening sequence is not nearly enough to make the personalities and relationships of the characters believable . To work , this should have had multiple flashbacks to flesh out the characters . As it is , it seems a bizarre and depressing cross between " Brother Sun , Sister Moon " and " Pulp Fiction . " If that sounds like something you 've got to see , by all means , enjoy . I think I go with something that does n't make me feel I need to take a shower to wash off the gore and gloom.<br /><br />As for the Catalan , it 's the Mallorqui dialect , fairly different than the Barcelona dialect , though I was surprised by the comment that said that even Barcelonans apparently needed Catalan subtitles to understand it .
0 I was excited to view a Cataluña´s film in the Berlin´s competition . But after the presentation I was total disappointed and furious . Too much blood , too much time , too much themes for nothing . The Spanish Civil War , like every war , was horrible . The revenge , a very human behavior , not pretty at all , is shown in uncountable films and plays , as well as the relations between homosexuals and the scepticism in Spain about Catholicism . But what Mr Villaronga try , is a pseudo tragedy that can belongs to the worst of the film´s history . It is really a pity to see Angela Molina in this movie . I advise nobody under no circumstances to go to see this film .
0 this film was a major letdown . the level of relentless cruelty and violence in this film was very disturbing . some scenes were truly unnecessarily ugly and mean - spirited . the main characters were impossible to identify with or even sympathize with . the lead protagonist 's character was as slimy as they come . the sickroom / hothouse atmosphere lent itself to over - the - top theatrics . little or nothing could be learned about the Spanish civil war from this film . fortunately , i 've been to spain and realize this is not realistic ! in addition , the use of same - sex attraction as a lurid " horror " was also very offensive and poorly handled , while the DVD is being packaged and advertised to attract gay viewers . the actors seemed uncomfortable in their roles , as if they were trying to distance themselves from this mess.i guess if you like watching children and pets being brutally killed , this film might especially appeal to you .
0 Three part " horror " film with some guy in a boarded up house imploring the viewer not to go " out there " and ( unfortunately ) gives us three tales to prove why.<br /><br />The first story involves a young couple in a car accident who meet up with two psychos . It leads up to two totally predictable twists . Still , it 's quick ( about 15 minutes ) , violent , well - acted and well - done . Predictable but enjoyable.<br /><br />The second involves a man on the run after stealing a large amount of money . His car breaks down , he 's attacked by a dog and stumbles into a nearby clinic . VERY obvious , badly done and extremely slow . Even at 30 minutes this is too long . Good acting though.<br /><br />The third is just barely a horror story . It involves a beautiful , lonely woman looking for Mr. Right . It has beautiful set designs , a nice erotic feel and a nice sex scene . But ( again ) predictable and not even remotely scary.<br /><br />It ends very stupidly.<br /><br />All in all , the first one is worth watching , but that 's it . Tune in for that one then turn it off .
0 A very cheesy and dull road movie , with the intention to be hip and modern , shown in the editing style and some weird camera angles , resulting only in sleepiness . < br /><br />The cast is wasted , the writing is stupid and pretentious . The only thing worthwhile is the top - notch Lalo Schifrin 's soundtrack , really cool and also the opening sequence , very original and interesting . < br /><br />Run if you can , the bad opinions and comments about this flick are totally deserved ; it is really pure garbage . Of course that this has its charm , of watching a movie which everybody would not drop the beer glass on if it were on fire , but save it for a stormy day where you have absolutely nothing else to do .
0 There are some nice shots in this film , it catches some of the landscapes with such a beautiful light , in fact the cinematography is probably it 's best asset.<br /><br />But it 's basically more of a made for TV movie , and although it has a lot of twists and turns in the plot , which keeps it quite interesting viewing , there are no subtitles and key plot developments are unveiled in Spanish , so non Spanish speakers will be left a little lost.<br /><br />I had it as a Xmas gift , as it 's a family trait to work through the films of a actor we find talented , and Matthew Mconaughey was just awesome in " A Time to kill " , and the " The Newton Boys " so I expressed I wanted to see more of his work.<br /><br />However although it says on the DVD box it is a Matthew Mconaughey film and uses this as a marketing ploy , he has a few lines and is on screen for not very minutes at the end of the film , he is basically an extra and he does n't exactly light up the screen while he is on , so die hard fans , really not worth it from that point of view.<br /><br />The films star though , Patrick McGaw is great though and very easy on the eye , and his character is just so nice and kind and caring , a true saint of a guy , he 'd be well written into a ROM com.<br /><br />So for true Mcconaughey acting brilliance of the ones I 've seen , I 'd recommend , " A Time to kill " , " The Newton Boys " " Frailty " , " How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days " , " Edtv " and " Amistad " and avoid too " Larger Than Life " and " Angels in the Outfield " unless you feel like a kids film or have kids around as neither of these are indicative of his talent , but are quite amusing films for children , again MM is really nothing more that a supporting artist with just a few if any lines.<br /><br />As for Scorpion Springit 's not a bad film but it also is n't screen stealing either .
0 When a man who does n't have Alzheimer 's ca n't remember how many films he 's made , he probably is the world 's most prolific director after all . That man is Jesus Franco , the king of so - called ' eurotrash ' . His 1980 flick Devil Hunter is as rushed , opaque , stupid , lazy and exploitative in the truest sense of the word ( the film 's title is misleading , for starters ) as any other Franco film I 've seen . That makes it sound pretty awful , and it is ... Yet Franco does have some kind of inimitable sensibility , a generous way with the baldly outrageous , with nudity and sleaze and violence , and even with his stupid cheap editing which tries to pave over the extreme haste with which all his films were made . The mix of all these elements causes you to ride his films out , even while you 're mostly waiting for them to end because they 're so very tedious.<br /><br />Devil Hunter is nigh on incomprehensible for the first half an hour . The kidnap by strangers of a white woman who seems to be a model or film star is intercut with a bunch of native action in South America . There 's lots of naked writhing , dancing , and endless repeated zoom - ins on an ugly totem pole . You need to get used to the repetitive zoom - ins and the technique of cutting back to the same shot about three times in a row right away , as these are Franco 's main methods of extending a film out to feature length.<br /><br />The monster who looks like the totem pole is actually kind of scary . He has raw bug eyes and his presence is always signalled on the soundtrack by cacophonous groaning , apparently recorded in an echo chamber . Early in the piece he chews on a native lady strapped to a tree , and it 's hard to know what really happens here but I think he ate her stomach ( or her genitals , sweet Jesus!).<br /><br />Anyway , the adventure begins properly when a studly guy and his freaked out Vietnam vet pal are sent to the island to recover the white girl from the kidnappers . The flakey guy has an accent which , as dubbed , is half Brooklyn - American , half English - Liverpudlian and all retarded . All of the dialogue and dubbing is ridiculous and laughable , making for another layer of the film which can somehow hold your interest.<br /><br />Not too much really happens from here on in , and it happens pretty sluggishly , studded with the odd bit of outrage like a rape . The nebulous action is fleshed out ( haha ! ) by acres of 360 degree nudity from the natives and the two female leads , and even from the monster himself . That he walks around with his penis exposed makes wrestling him an unappetising prospect for the tough guy hero , but it 's got ta be done at some point , and it 's nice to note that the director will show anyone 's genitals on camera.<br /><br />The best feature of Devil Hunter is the location filming . Franco can be extremely cheap with the structural and story aspects of film - making , but he does n't muck around with sets . You get real islands , jungles , helicopters and mountains , all in widescreen . This is something that is really cool to experience in these days of crappy CGI sets and backdrops ad nauseam.<br /><br />Ultimately , issues of recommendation where this film is concerned seem moot . If you 're trying to see all the Video Nasties , you will have to watch this at some point , and you 'll be made as restless as I was . If you like Franco , you 'll watch this anyway . If you fall into neither of the above categories , the odds are you 'll never come across this film . Copies of it are n't just lying around , and I could hardly recommend the seeking out of it . It 's Franco . Lazy , crazy Franco .
0 I have been looking for this film for ages because it is quite rare to find as it was one of the video nasties . I finally found it on DVD at the end of last year it is a very low budget movie The story is set around amazon jungle tribes that are living in fear of the devil . Laura Crawford is a model who is kidnapped by a gang of thugs while she is working in South America . They take her into the jungle Laura is guarded by some ridiculous native who calls himself " The Devil " she has to go though all unpleasant things until they are happy . Maidens are Chained up . The devil demonstrates eating flesh in a horrible manner . Peter Weston , is the devil hunter , who goes into the jungle to try and rescue her ,
0 As the number of Video Nasties I 've yet to see dwindles , this little pile of garbage popped up on my " to rent " list when I saw it was available.<br /><br />The premise involves a fashion model or something being kidnapped and taken into the jungle to be held for ransom by a motley crew of idiots . Some other goof gets hired to bring her back and is given a sack of money to use as a bargaining chip , though if he returns with the girl and all the money , he gets a significant cut . He 's brought a helicopter and pilot with him and , wow , that pilot is one of the worst actors EVER ! Granted , they are all totally terrible and the dubbing will make you cry blood . After stealing away into the jungle , we learn that nearby is a cannibal cult whose flesheating earthbound god wanders the woods like a human King Kong looking for tribeswomen to ravage and devour . Now , this fellow is just a naked guy with some of the worst makeup ever , ping - pong balls for eyes and that 's pretty much it . His growls and groans are an everpresent feature on the soundtrack , and I found myself muting much of those scenes.<br /><br />Oh , did I forget to mention the almost constant nudity ? This is probably the main reason this film was banned , though there is one specific scene , about one second long , where the god attacks a girl and pulls her guts out , but it 's not a redeeming factor for gore fans . Also , Jess Franco goes beyond the usual T and A and shows lengthy close - ups of female genitals , and , sadly , male as well . So , if you want " fair " in terms of exploitation , you got it.<br /><br />I ca n't recommend this trash to anyone . It 's not even the good bad movie . It 's just atrociously padded trash that only a Video Nasty fan will probably view and even then , if you are making your way through the list , leave this for the very last . If you watch it first , you may get the notion that this is the norm for the list , which is certainly not true .
0 Not sure if I 'm referring to those who labeled this a video nasty or to the director ... "Devil Hunter " sure is one bizarre ' horror ' movie.<br /><br />The plot is a loosey goosey combo of superior films like " Cannibal Ferox " and " Cut and Run . " Chick gets kidnapped in the ' jungle ' by a ' tribe ' of ' savages . ' The jungle looks more like a park somewhere in Mexico . The tribe is like a group of hippies who walk around in Party City - style Halloween costume renditions of tribal garb . And the savages range in race from white to Asian to black to hispanic . I suppose Franco just grabbed anyone who looked even slightly ethnic for this romp.<br /><br />To make matters worse , this film has ultra - minimal gore , no real scares and a lot of unnecessary penis . Not fun . I can find something to like in just about any sleazy Italian or Euro - trash film ; this one just fell WAY short.<br /><br />2 out of 10 , kids .
0 This video nasty was initially banned in Britain , and allowed in last November without cuts.<br /><br />It features the Playboy Playmate of the Month October 1979 , Ursula Buchfellner . The opening cuts back and forth between Buchfellner and foggy jungle pictures . I am not sure what the purpose of that was . It would have been much better to focus on the bathtub scene.<br /><br />Laura ( Buchfellner ) is kidnapped and held in the jungle for ransom . Peter ( Al Cliver - The Beyond , Zombie ) is sent to find her and the ransom . Of course , one of the kidnappers ( Antonio de Cabo ) manages to pass the time productively , while another ( Werner Pochath ) whines incessantly.<br /><br />The ransom exchange goes to hell , and Laura runs into the jungle . Will Peter save her before the cannibals have a meal ? Oh , yes , there are cannibals in this jungle . Why do you think it was a video nasty ! Muriel Montossé is found by Peter and his partner ( Antonio Mayans - Angel of Death ) on the kidnapper 's boat . Montossé is very comfortably undressed . Peter leaves them and goes off alone to find Laura , who has been captured by now . They pass the time having sex , and do n't see the danger approaching . Guts , anyone ? Great fight between Peter and the naked devil ( Burt Altman).<br /><br />Blood , decapitation , guts , lots of full frontal , some great writhing by the cannibal priestess ( Aline Mess ) , and the line , " They tore her heart out , " which is hilarious if you see the film .
0 Of the three titles from Jess Franco to find their way onto the Official DPP Video Nasty list ( Devil Hunter , Bloody Moon and Women Behind Bars ) this is perhaps the least deserving of notoriety , being a dreadfully dull jungle clunker enlivened only very slightly by a little inept gore , a gratuitous rape scene , and loads of nudity.<br /><br />Gorgeous blonde Ursula Buchfellner plays movie star Laura Crawford who is abducted by a gang of ruthless kidnappers and taken to a remote tropical island inhabited by a savage tribe who worship the ' devil god ' that lurks in the jungle ( a big , naked , bulging - eyed native who likes to eat the hearts of nubile female sacrifices).<br /><br />Employed by Laura 's agent to deliver a $ 6million ransom , brave mercenary Peter Weston ( Al Cliver ) and his Vietnam vet pilot pal travel to the island , but encounter trouble when the bad guys attempt a double - cross . During the confusion , Laura escapes into the jungle , but runs straight into the arms of the island 's natives , who offer her up to their god.<br /><br />Franco directs in his usual torpid style and loads this laughable effort with his usual dreadful trademarks : crap gore , murky cinematography , rapid zooms , numerous crotch shots , out of focus imagery , awful sound effects , and ham - fisted editing . The result is a dire mess that is a real struggle to sit through from start to finish ( It took me a couple of sittings to finish the thing ) , and even the sight of the luscious Buchfellner in all of her natural glory ai n't enough to make me revisit this film in a hurry .
0 How can you tell that a horror movie is terrible ? when you ca n't stop laughing about it of course ! The plot has been well covered by other reviewers , so I 'll just add a few things on the hilarity of it all.<br /><br />Some reviews have placed the location in South America , others in Africa , I thought it was in some random island in the Pacific . Where exactly does this take place , seems to be a mystery . The cannibal tribe is conformed by a couple of black women some black men , and a man who looks like a young Frank Zappa banging the drums ... the Devil God is a large black man with a terrible case of pink eyes.<br /><br />One of the " freakiest " moments in the film is when , " Pablito " find his partner hanging from a tree covered in what seems to be an orange substance that I assume is blood , starts screaming for minutes on and on ( that 's actually funny ) , and then the head of his partner falls in the ground and " Pablito " kicks it a bit for what I assume is " shits n ' giggles " and the eyes actually move ... <br /><br />But , of course , then the " freak " is gone when you realize the eyes moved because the movie is just bad ... <br /><br />I had n't laughed like this in a loooong while , and I definitely recommend this film for a Sunday afternoon with your friends and you have nothing to do ... grab a case of beers and start watching this film , you 'll love it ! If you are looking for a real horror or gore movie , though ... do n't ' bother .
0 A model named Laura is working in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle . They demand a huge ransom for her release . Peter is hired to get her home safe and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl . Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack . They try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for Laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter . The helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that ( not going well so far ) . Also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts . In reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem . He starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and Laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives . The rest of the film is a bit of a blur really.<br /><br />Now I 'm not a massive Jess Franco fan , in fact to date this is only the second film of his I have seen , but even I can tell that this really is n't one of his best efforts . The films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening . The whole thing could have been edited down quite easily into a 25 minute TV show . There are plenty of overly long shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been lifted straight out.<br /><br />Devil Hunter is poorly lit ( Infact I do n't think it was lit at all ) , badly dubbed , poorly acted and slow yet for some reason it did n't bore me . I think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it . For example a scene where Laura is walking in the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting . Another funny scene has one of the gang who has been killed , hung in a tree dripping blood as one of his friends stands directly under him screaming for what seems like minutes . Then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him . It has to be seen to be believed . Then of course there is the actual devil . It is just some naked black guy who despite the fact he has massive eyes , he has very blurry vision.<br /><br />The film was hooked up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80 's here in the UK and was banned . Now why it was I have no idea . There is very little gore at all and it 's hardly a shocking film . Minus the nudity I would have said that it could get away with a PG almost . The only thing I can think of is that it was never actually watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth.<br /><br />There is not much reason to watch this film really unless you are a massive Jess Franco fan . There is plenty of nudity to keep you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them but other wise I would say just pay for a ticket to South America and get lost in a jungle . It would probably be more fun.<br /><br />3/10
0 An actress making a movie in Africa is kidnapped and taken into the jungle where she is held for ransom . The producer hires some one to go and bring her back . Complicating everything are the cannibals in the jungle who worship a really ugly looking " god " who likes to eat naked women.<br /><br />This is a gory sleazy movie . There is copious amounts of nudity and violence , not to mention violence against nude people . Its an exploitation film designed to appeal to the deepest darkest parts of our being , and if the movie was n't so boring this film would be a classic . Lets face it , despite the gore , the nasty sex and abuse , and the ugly monster this movie is a snoozer . The pacing is all off kilter and it puts you out . There are multiple plot lines that all seem to be happening separately from each other , even though its ultimately all one story . Worst of all , almost no one says anything . Most of the minimal dialog concerns the cruelty or one characters protestations that " I 'll do what I want " . Its such a quiet and dull movie that if it were n't for the frequent screams of the victims I 'd recommend this as a sleep aide.<br /><br />This is a movie to avoid unless you need sleep , or unless you need to see every Euro - cannibal movie.<br /><br />(An aside . VideoAsia just released this as part of their Terror Tales series . Their print is oddly letter - boxed which looks to be the result of taking their print from a Japanese source ( there is fogging ) that was cropped to remove the subtitles . Their print also has no opening titles )
0 or anyone who was praying for the sight of Al Cliver wrestling a naked , 7 ft tall black guy into a full nelson , your film has arrived ! Film starlet Laura Crawford ( Ursula Buchfellner ) is kidnapped by a group who demand the ransom of $ 6 million to be delivered to their island hideaway . What they do n't count on is rugged Vietnam vet Peter Weston ( Cliver ) being hired by a film producer to save the girl . And what they really did n't count on was a local tribe that likes to offer up young women to their monster cannibal god with bloodshot bug eyes.<br /><br />Pretty much the same filming set up as CANNIBALS , this one fares a bit better when it comes to entertainment value , thanks mostly a hilarious dub track and the impossibly goofy monster with the bulging eyes ( Franco confirms they were split ping pong balls on the disc 's interview ) . Franco gets a strong EuroCult supporting cast including Gisela Hahn ( CONTAMINATION ) and Werner Pochath ( whose death is one of the most head - scratching things I ever seen as a guy who is totally not him is shown - in close up - trying to be him ) . The film features tons of nudity and the gore ( Tempra paint variety ) is there . The highlight for me was the world 's slowly fistfight between Cliver and Antonio de Cabo in the splashing waves . Sadly , ol' Jess pads this one out to an astonishing ( and , at times , agonizing ) 1 hour and 40 minutes when it should have run 80 minutes tops . < br /><br />For the most part , the Severin DVD looks pretty nice but there are some odd ghosting images going on during some of the darker scenes . Also , one long section of dialog is in Spanish with no subs ( they are an option , but only when you listen to the French track ) . Franco gives a nice 16- minute interview about the film and has much more pleasant things to say about Buchfellner than his CANNIBALS star Sabrina Siani .
0 Devil Hunter gained notoriety for the fact that it 's on the DPP ' Video Nasty ' list , but it really need n't have been . Many films on the list where there for God ( and DPP ) only known reasons , and while this is n't the tamest of the bunch ; there is n't a lot here that warrants banning ... which is a shame because I never would have sat through it where it not for the fact that it 's on ' the shopping list ' . The plot actually gives the film a decent base - or at least more of a decent base than most cannibal films - and it follows an actress who is kidnapped and dragged off into the Amazon jungle . A hunter is then hired to find her , but along the way he has to brave the natives , lead by a man who calls himself " The Devil " ( hence the title ) . The film basically just plods along for eighty five minutes and there really are n't many scenes of interest . It 's a real shame that Jess Franco ended up making films like this because the man clearly has talent ; as seen by films such as The Diabolical Dr Z , Venus in Furs , Faceless and She Kills in Ecstasy , but unfortunately his good films are just gems amongst heaps of crap and Devil Hunter is very much a part of the crap . I saw this film purely because I want to be able to say I 've seen everything on the DPP 's list ( just two more to go ! ) , and I 'm guessing that 's why most other people who have seen it , saw it . But if you 're not on the lookout for Nasties ; there really is no reason to bother with this one .
0 This film seemed way too long even at only 75 minutes . The problem with jungle horror films is that there is always way too much footage of people walking ( through the jungle , up a rocky cliff , near a river or lake ) to pad out the running time . The film is worth seeing for the laughable and naked native zombie with big bulging , bloody eyes which is always accompanied on the soundtrack with heavy breathing and lots of reverb . Eurotrash fans will be plenty entertained by the bad English dubbing , gratuitous female flesh and very silly makeup jobs on the monster and native extras . For a zombie / cannibal flick this was pretty light on the gore but then I probably did n't see an uncut version .
0 Sexo Cannibal , or Devil Hunter as it 's more commonly known amongst English speaking audiences , starts with actress & model Laura Crawford ( Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner ) checking out locations for her new film along with her assistant Jane ( Gisela Hahn ) . After a long days work Laura is relaxing in the bath of her room when two very dubious character 's named Chris ( Werner Pochath ) & Thomas ( Antonio Mayans ) burst in & kidnap her having been helped by the treacherous Jane . Laura 's agent gets on the blower to rent - a - hero Peter Weston ( Al Cliver ) who is informed of the situation , the kidnappers have Laura on an isolated island & are demanding a 6 million ransom . Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely & a further 10 % of the 6 million if he brings that back as well , faster than a rat up a drain pipe Peter & his Vietnam Vet buddy helicopter pilot Jack are on the island & deciding on how to save Laura . So , the kidnappers have Laura & Peter has the 6 million but neither want to hand them over that much . Just to complicate things further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe ( hell , in all the generations they 've lived there they 've only managed to build one straw hut , now that 's primitive ) who worship some cannibal monster dude ( Burt Altman ) with bulging eyes as a God with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a liking for young , white female flesh & intestines ... <br /><br />This Spanish , French & German co - production was co - written & directed by the prolific Jesus Franco who also gets the credit for the music as well . Sexo Cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the UK as it was placed on the ' Video Nasties ' list in the early 80 's under it 's alternate Devil Hunter title & therefore officially classed as obscene & banned , having said that I have no idea why as it is one bad film & even Franco , who is n't afraid to be associated with a turkey , decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown . I 'd imagine even the most die - hard Franco fan would have a hard time defending this thing . The script by Franco , erm sorry I mean Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban as Julius Valery who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted his named removed , is awful . It 's as simple & straight forward as that . For a start the film is so boring it 's untrue , the kidnap plot is one of the dullest I 've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved & the horror side of things do n't improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over - sized bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes . As a horror film Sexo Cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success , this is one to avoid.<br /><br />Director Franco shows his usual incompetence throughout , a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try & give the impression it 's not attached to anything ! The cannibal scenes are poor , the action is lame & it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle getting from ' A ' to ' B ' & not really doing anything when they get there either . It becomes incredibly dull & tedious to watch after about 10 minutes & do n't forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it 's uncut state . I also must mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff , this is achieved by Franco turning his camera on it 's side & having Cliver crawl along the floor ! Just look at the way his coat hangs & the way he never grabs onto to anything as he just pulls himself along ! The gore is n't that great & as far as Euro cannibal films go this is very tame , there are some gross close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews bits of meat , a man is impaled on spikes , there 's some blood & a handful of intestines . There 's a fair bit of nudity in Sexo Cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene.<br /><br />Sexo Cannibal must have had a low budget & I mean low . This is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effects & rock bottom production values . The only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic . The music sucks & sound effects become annoying as there is lots of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on screen . The acting sucks , the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act.<br /><br />Sexo Cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell . The only good things I can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere to it & those close ups of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross . Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Sexo Cannibal as wide a berth as possible , one to avoid .
0 Not only is it a disgustingly made low - budget bad - acted movie , but the plot itself is just STUPID!!!<br /><br />A mystic man that eats women ? ( And by the looks , not virgin ones)<br /><br />Ridiculous ! ! ! If you´ve got nothing better to do ( like sleeping ) you should watch this . Yeah right .
0 This is the worst thing the TMNT franchise has ever spawned . I was a kid when this came out and I still thought it was deuce , even though I liked the original cartoon.<br /><br />There 's this one scene I remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are . It 's atrocious . Many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle , but that did n't bother me . So much so that I did n't even remember her until I read about the show recently . All in all , it 's miserably forgettable.<br /><br />The only okay thing was the theme song . Guilty pleasure , they call it ... Nananana ninja ...
0 Sometime in 1998 , Saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand - new Ninja Turtles live - action series . Naturally , being a fan of the TMNT back in the day , this obviously peaked my interest . So when I started watching the show ... to say I was disappointed by the end result is an understatement . Some time later ( more like recently ) , I got a chance to revisit the series.<br /><br />First off , let 's talk about some of the positives . They managed to re - create the Turtles ' lair as it was last seen in the movies fairly well given the limited budget they threw in with this . There tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of the sets and whatnot . And the Turtle suits , while not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatnot , were functional and seemed pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series.<br /><br />People tend to complain about getting rid of Shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could have easily been used in a Power Rangers show . But you can only have Shredder get beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines his worth as a villain ... and besides , most fans do n't realize or do n't remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic , the Shredder was offed in the very first issue ! Never mind the countless resurrections that would follow . So on a personal standpoint , I was sort of glad they got rid of Shredder because then the anticipation would build to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode . I find that Shredder in small quantities work best because then his encounters with the Turtles are all the more memorable.<br /><br />Unfortunately , they end up replacing him with these original villains who , as stated , seemed more fit for a Power Rangers show than a Ninja Turtles show . And with these new magic - wielding generics comes a new female magic - wielding turtle , the infamous Venus De Milo . I 'll be honest ; I never got comfortable with her . I 'm not against the idea of a female turtle ; I 'm just against the idea of one who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain . I almost get the impression that this could have easily been the Venus De Milo show dealing with her make - believe enemies and the TMNT are just there to provide the star power ( or whatever was left considering the timeframe this was released ) . Fortunately , they all share the spotlight together.<br /><br />Next Mutation was canned after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it . Given time and maybe another season , I really believe this live iteration of the TMNT could have been something and might have gotten a chance at greatness . But while the idea was sound , the execution was flawed ( although there are a couple good episodes in this series ) . As it stands , Next Mutation is one of those oddities in Turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten .
0 This is the biggest insult to TMNT ever . Fortunantely , officially Venus does not exist in canon TMNT . There will never be a female turtle , this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own , once gone no more . The biggest mistake was crossing over Power Rangers to TMNT with a horrible episode ; the turtle 's voices were WRONG and they all acted out of character . They could have done such a better job , better designs and animatronics and NO VENUS . < br /><br />don't bother with this people ... it 's cringe worthy material . the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking . they totally disrespected shredder . the main baddie , some dragonlord dude was corny . the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies , what 's with the thing around raph 's thigh ? the silly looking sculpted plastrons ! ? < br /><br />If they looked normal , acted in character and got rid of Venus , got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds ... and better writing it could have been good .
0 I did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the TMNT to be four brothers with their teacher Splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like Leonardo , Michelangleo , Raphel and Donatello so Venus here does n't have any meaning or playing any important part and I believe that the old TMNT series was much more better than that new one which contains Venus As a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the TMNT we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action , we wish to see more new of TMNT series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle .
0 I can not stay indifferent to Lars van Trier 's films . I consider ' Breaking the Waves ' nothing less than a masterpiece . I loved ' Dancer in the Night ' . I admired the idea in ' Dogville ' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical , less cinema . ' Europa ' which I see only now was a famous film at its time , succeeded in the US the relative success of an European film and got the Oscar for the best foreign language movie , but did not survive well the time in my opinion . It is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste.<br /><br />The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer . Treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished , of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today , more such was novel and courageous two decades ago . Yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task.<br /><br />The film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of Hitchcock , especially his early films set in the pre - war Europe , with brave British spies fighting evil German spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark . The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism . Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re - birth of Germany after war , of its might , of its obsession with order and regulation , of punctuality and civility . The characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys . The principal character a young American of German origin coming to post - war Europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption , with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers , with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self - destruction , with love doubtfully mixed with treason.<br /><br />It is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case . The actions of the characters , especially of Leopold Kessler played by Jean - Marc Barr seem confused , and lack credibility . The overall cinematography seems to be not Hitchcock - like but rather from a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s . The usage of color over the black - and - white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative . It is not that Van Trier does not master his artistic means , but he is too demonstrative , he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is . He really is great , as he will show in some of his later films , but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone .
0 This film is terrible . You do n't really need to read this review further . If you are planning on watching it , suffice to say - do n't ( unless you are studying how not to make a good movie).<br /><br />The acting is horrendous ... serious amateur hour . Throughout the movie I thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like Michael Madsen , only to find out that it is actually him ! A new low even for him!!<br /><br />The plot is terrible . People who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before . Even by the standard of Hollywood action flicks , this is a terrible movie.<br /><br />Don't watch it ! ! ! Go for a jog instead - at least you wo n't feel like killing yourself .
0 Terrible movie . Nuff Said.<br /><br />These Lines are Just Filler . The movie was bad . Why I have to expand on that I do n't know . This is already a waste of my time . I just wanted to warn others . Avoid this movie . The acting sucks and the writing is just moronic . Bad in every way . The only nice thing about the movie are Deniz Akkaya 's breasts . Even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene . The movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.<br /><br />OK now I am just going to rag on IMDb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum . First I waste my time watching this offal . Then feeling compelled to warn others I create an account with IMDb only to discover that I have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad I think it is . Totally unnecessary .
0 Assuming this wo n't end up a straight - to - video release , I would have to say void this title at all costs . Unless you 're bored of good , well - executed movies , that is . I saw this last night at AFI Dallas , and I left with 20 minutes remaining , simply because I did n't care anymore ( about the plot , not about insulting the director ... that is awkward ) . When you can spot a goof only 5 minutes into the movie ( a shot out , shattered window before any shots are fired ... and then the window breaks with the first shot ) , things are going to bad . Let 's just say this is only an indicator of things to come ... unfortunately.<br /><br />I'll spare you all the details , but this is sub - par in every manner , even the half - assed acting by Michael Madsen is disappointing when you 're expecting half - assed acting from him . And the rape scene ... Christ ! " Shut up and take it " should never be used in a rape scene . EVER.<br /><br />3/10
0 Sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale . You begin to really ask yourself , what does it mean for our society that the standard is so terribly low ? Can they honestly expect that we 'll endure this many clichés and still be entertained?<br /><br />Of course , it is still a Hollywood mainstay to make the GUN the major character , plot device , and the source of all conflict and resolution in films . Character needs a gun . Gets a gun . Ca n't do that because he has a gun . Puts his gun down first . OH MY GOD What are we going to do ! ? He has a gun ! He waves it around , acting more malicious than real human beings ever do . He pushes it in someone 's face for 90 minutes , shouting questions . The hallmark of any conclusion will be the comforting sound of police sirens . < br /><br />It 's a real challenge to make such a tired , hackneyed formula work again ; a film has to be very clever and well executed . This one is neither . It has no life and no personality , and it will suck these components from YOU . it will make you feel WORSE about living in the time and space that you do . Really , who needs that ! ? So yes , I 'll say it : I think this may well be the worst film I have ever seen . Anyone who was involved in the making of this sub- mediocre soul killing trash should be publicly embarrassed for the disservice they 've done to us all .
0 I have to congratulate the genius who approved this one . Edward Furlong , you 're not as good as you think mate , you ca n't grab on every piece of low - cost amateur crap , which sole intention has to be to get some bucks.<br /><br />The filming is bad , and I mean BAD . Anyone with a camera would get the same result , or better.<br /><br />The acting , lets just say : do n't go to the supermarket looking for actors . The good ones usually come with a degree or , at least , have some damn experience ! The director .. Mr. Jon Keeyes , please find your purpose in life , as a director you simply suck . Your directing is poor , the angles are all messed up ( not in a good way ) , the lines seem as if they 're being read out of toilet paper , and the damn music .. it always comes up when it should n't and goes out for no apparent reason . And do n't go for writer either , by the way . Making movies is n't like serving on a coffeshop , it requires art and skill , things I really doubt you 'll ever have.<br /><br />Instead of making a badass shootout movie , you should 've shot this one back to oblivion and wait ' till something good came up .. Or just go find a job on a coffeshop . You 'll have less stress and you 'll save movie goers some money and a bad night.<br /><br />vote : 1/10 ( my first one )
0 I rented this one on DVD without any prior knowledge . I was suspicious seeing Michael Madsen appearing in a movie I have never heard of , but it was a freebie , so why not check it out.<br /><br />Well my guess is that Mr. Blonde would very much like to forget he 's ever taken part in such a shame of a film.<br /><br />Apparently , if your script and dialogs are terrible , even good actors can not save the day . Not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film . Too many non - native - English - speakers play parts of native - English - speakers , reading out lines from a script that should have been thrown away and not having been made into a movie . It 's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound . The music is awful and totally out of place , and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play.<br /><br />I recommend you watch it just so you would appreciate other , better , movies . This is why I gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it deserves .
0 I saw this DVD in my friends house and thought that this was a Turkish action movie with some Hollywood - not very big - names in it . Interested enough I decide to give it a shot later .. It was a tough to bear experience believe me . Then , after finally seeing the credits roll I tought ' We Turks really suck at Hollywood style film making .. This is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre .. ' but then wait ! I checked some names and no , they were not Turkish names and no , this was not a Turkish movie ; on the contrary it was literally shot in America with an American director & crew ! That made me thinking - again!- How on earth can you persuade names like Micheal Madsen , Edward Furlong or even Arnold Vosloo to take part in such a project ? with money probably .. That kept me thinking further .. How can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast ? Then all my meditation paid off and I came to find the answer . By hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find . And if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then : by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce - or vice versa I do n't have any information on that- . So bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as .. It makes you think -in my case even meditate- and there are a lot of movies outthere that does n't give even that affect .. This one at least makes you think ; It makes you wonder .. It leaves you with disbelief .. and then It makes you wonder again ..
0 What was with all the Turkish actors ? No offense but I thought it was all for nothing for all these actors . The film had no script to test any actors acting skill or ability . It demanded next to nothing I bought this film to see Michael Madsen . He is one of my favorite actors but this film was another failure for him . The script was so bad . Their was just nothing to sink your teeth into and all the characters were two dimensional . Madsen tried to act like a hard ass but the script and direction did n't even allow him to do enough with his character to make it more interesting or 3 dimensional.<br /><br />Even the sound effects of the gunfight at the beginning of the film sounded like the noise of paint ball guns when they are fired in a skirmish . It was really weird and they did n't sound like real guns . A video game had better sound effects than this film . There was also a really annoying bloke at the beginning of the film who was a member of the robbery gang . He had this American whining voice like a girl shouting lines like " Lets get the F#$k out of here " and What are we going to do man " . He sounded like a girl . As a positive It was funny to watch and it made me laugh too . For a few seconds . Whoo Hoo ! Dumb Film . Poor Madsen . He will bounce back ...
0 This movie was terrible . at first i just read the plot summary and it looked OK , so i watched it . The acting was TERRIBLE . it was like the actor were almost camera shy . everything seemed fake . i feel bad for Edward Furlong , terminator 2 was my favorite a few years ago .. I 've watched it at least 20 times .... <br /><br />the plot was also crap . the writers were probably sleep deprived when they came up with the lines.<br /><br />on the plus side , it 's the good kind of bad movie . the one you keep watching just to see how much worst could it will get , so that later you can tell other people how you could n't believe how terrible the movie was.<br /><br />i think everybody should watch this , so that then we could appreciate better other , REAL , movies .
0 I am a big fan of Arnold Vosloo . Finally seeing him as the star of a recent movie , not just a bit part , made me happy.<br /><br />Unfortunately I took film appreciation in college and the only thing I can say that I did n't like was that the film was made in an abandoned part of town and there was no background traffic or lookie loos.<br /><br />I have to say that the acting leaves something to be desired , but Arnold is an excellent actor , I have to chalk it up to lousy direction and the supporting cast leaves something to be desired.<br /><br />I love Arnold Vosloo , and he made the film viewable . Otherwise , I would have written it off as another lousy film.<br /><br />I found the rape scene brutal and unnecessary , but the actors that got away at the end were pretty good . But the sound effects of the shoot - out were pretty bad . There are some glitches in the film ( continuity ) but they are overlookable considering the low - caliber of the film.<br /><br />All in all I enjoyed the film , because Arnold Vosloo was in it.<br /><br />Jackie
0 This is an art film that was either made in 1969 or 1972 ( the National Film Preservation Foundation says 1969 and IMDb says 1972 ) . Regardless of the exact date , the film definitely appears to be very indicative of this general time period -- with some camera - work and pop art stylings that are pure late 60s - early 70s.<br /><br />The film consists of three simple images that are distorted using different weird camera tricks . These distorted images are accompanied by music and there is absolutely no dialog or plot of any sort . This was obviously intended as almost like a form of performance art , and like most performance art , it 's interesting at first but quickly becomes tiresome . The film , to put it even more bluntly , is a total bore and would appeal to no one but perhaps those who made the film , their family and friends and perhaps a few people just too hip and " with it " to be understood by us mortals .
0 Nine minutes of psychedelic , pulsating , often symmetric abstract images , are enough to drive anyone crazy . I did spot a full - frame eye at the start , and later some birds silhouetted against other colors . It was just not my cup of tea . It 's about 8½ minutes too long .
0 There are lots of extremely good - looking people in this movie . That 's probably the best thing about it . Perhaps that even makes it worth watching.<br /><br />"Loaded " tells the story of Tristan Price ( Jesse Metcalfe ) , a young man who 's about to make his mark on the world . He 's the son of a well - to - do family with a good reputation , and he 's on his way to law school . But like so many such settings , things are n't quite as perfect as they appear . The expectations in this family far outweigh the love . Except for school , Tristan 's father rarely lets him leave the house . This seems to be the result of some past traumatic event that shook the family , which is partially revealed through flashbacks but is n't spelled out until the very end . Tristan 's claustrophobic environment causes him to let loose in very extreme ways at the first possible opportunity , when his friends take him out to a strip club to celebrate his graduation . The celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach house party , and from there , Tristan befriends Sebastian Cole ( Corey Large ) , who pulls him into a drug dealing underworld.<br /><br />While technically well - made , this movie suffers from a lackluster script and a storyline that is n't very engaging . Also counting against this film are some constant camera tricks that generally seemed annoying and out - of - place , such as slow - motion , fast - motion , freeze - frames and echos . These are the types of effects a director might normally utilize to show a character 's perspective while on drugs , except in this case they seem to have been sporadically tossed in at random points , in some cheap attempt at style.<br /><br />Despite its cast of relative unknowns , performances were good all around , most notably with respect to the main antagonist ( Corey Large ) . I suspect we 'll be seeing at least a couple of these people in bigger and better projects in the future.<br /><br />Of course , when mentioning the actors , I must mention their looks . Rating based on hotness , this movies scores an 11 . The women in this movie are incredible - looking and almost distract you from what a boring movie you 're watching . I 'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive , but you 'll have to ask someone else to comment on that.<br /><br />Overall , I ca n't recommend this movie , not for buying , renting , or even seeing for free . It 's unfortunately just not worth the effort it takes to sit through .
0 This is it . This is the one . This is the worst movie ever made . Ever . It beats everything . I have never seen worse . Retire the trophy and give it to these people ..... there 's just no comparison.<br /><br />Even three days after watching this ( for some reason I still do n't know why ) I can not believe how insanely horrific this movie is / was . Its so bad . So far from anything that could be considered a movie , a story or anything that should have ever been created and brought into our existence.<br /><br />This made me question whether or not humans are truly put on this earth to do good . It made me feel disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe . This type of movie sincerely hurts us as a society . We should be ashamed . I really can not emphasize that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art , is that we need to prevent the creation of these gross distortions of our reality for our own good . It 's an embarrassment . I do n't know how on earth any of these actors , writers , or the director of this film sleeps at night knowing that they had a role in making " Loaded " . I do n't know what type of disgusting monsters enjoy watching these types of movies.<br /><br />That being said , I love a good " bad " movie . I love Shark Attack 3 , I love Bad Taste , they are HILARIOUS . I tell all my friends to see them because they are " bad".<br /><br />But this ....... this crosses the line of " bad " into a whole new dimension . This is awkward bad . This is the bad where you know everything that is going to happen , every line , every action , every death , every sequence BEFORE they happen ; and not just like a second or two before , I mean like , after watching the first 5 minutes before.<br /><br />Every cheesy editing " effect " is shamelessly used over and over again to a sickening point . I really never want to see the " shaky " camera " drug buzz rush " effect or jump cuts or swerve cuts or ANY FANCY CUT EVER AGAIN EVER . This is meticulously boring , repetitive and just tortures the audience.<br /><br />But ....... and let me be specific here , the most DISTURBING thing about this movie is that given the production , it appears that a somewhat decent amount of money was actually put into this excrement . I personally will grab the shoulders of the director if I ever see him and shake him into submission , demanding that he run home and swallow two - gallons of Drain - O or I will do it for him.<br /><br />If we ever needed a new form of inhumane torture for our war prisoners abroad , just keep showing them this movie in a padded cell over and over again . Trust me , I think they will become more extravagant with suicide methods after the 72nd time of sitting through this.<br /><br />Stop these movies , they are just the most vile of all facets of our society . Please . Stop . NOW .
0 There are times when finishing a film one wishes to have a refund for the time just spent . This was one of those times . I almost gave up with only 15 minutes left to endure ... and I wish I had ... <br /><br />The pace that a man goes from a straight - laced , controlled life to one of complete spinelessness and irresponsibility could never be this rapid.<br /><br />From a graduation celebration to the predictable ending Tristan Price ( Jesse Metcalfe ) man of privilege and culture allows himself to be seduced by a woman , by violence , and by mind altering substances . Of course , the woman part is understandable when observing the talents of the beautiful April ( Nathalie Kelley ) . But the in for a penny in for a pound aspect of the drugs , violence and dedication to a person he has just met is impossible to understand.<br /><br />Frankly , besides being able to stare at Nathalie Kelley and Monica Keena , this film has no redeeming qualities . Save your money , save your time ... do anything else ...
0 Weak plot , predictable violence , only semi interesting characters . Like the writer ( also one of the stars ? ) was fictionalizing his own screw ups and added an incredulous fantasies of drugs and murder to make it " hot " . From the predictable rap and house soundtrack , to the family conflicts , it 's poorly acted , stereotypical , and ultimately terribly boring . Even the title has been done before - IMDb lists FIVE movies with the same name released in 2007 - 2008 ! ! < br /><br />Note : Saw it on Showtime , which listed the synopsis for one of the other movies . Was halfway thru before I realized no one was an undercover cop . Even tho another stereotype , would have made it interesting if it happened .
0 All I could think of while watching this movie was B - grade slop . Many have spoken about it 's redeeming quality is how this film portrays such a realistic representation of the effects of drugs and an individual and their subsequent spiral into a self perpetuation state of unfortunate events . Yet really , the techniques used ( as many have already mentioned ) were overused and thus unconvincing and irrelevant to the film as a whole.<br /><br />As far as the plot is concerned , it was lacklustre , unimaginative , implausible and convoluted . You can read most other reports on this film and they will say pretty much the same as I would.<br /><br />Granted some of the actors and actresses are attractive but when confronted with such boring action ... looks can only carry a film so far . The action is poor and intermittent : a few punches thrown here and there , and a final gunfight towards the end . Nothing really to write home about.<br /><br />As others have said , ' BAD ' movies are great to watch for the very reason that they are ' bad ' , you revel in that fact . This film , however , is a void . It 's nothing.<br /><br />Furthermore , if one is really in need of an educational movie to scare people away from drug use then I would seriously recommend any number of other movies out there that board such issues in a much more effective way . ' Requiem For A Dream ' , ' Trainspotting ' , ' Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas ' and ' Candy ' are just a few examples . Though one should also check out some more lighthearted films on the same subject like ' Go ' ( overall , both serious and funny ) and ' Halfbaked'.<br /><br />On a final note , the one possibly redeeming line in this movie , delivered by Vinnie Jones was stolen from ' Lock , Stock and Two Smokling Barrels ' . To think that a bit of that great movie has been tainted by ' Loaded ' is vile.<br /><br />Overall , I strongly suggest that you save you money and your time by NOT seeing this movie .
0 If you look at Corey Large 's information here on IMDb , apparently there 's a movie called " Reload " in production ( as of June ' 08 ) in which he 's playing a character named Sebastian Cole.<br /><br />First of all , how does such a crappy movie ever earn a sequel ... and second , did n't Sebastian get killed at the end of " Loaded"?<br /><br />I watched this in the wee hours of the morning when I was battling insomnia , and so I was drifting in and out while it was on . I 'm sure I missed some plot points , but overall , it seemed really weak . Large 's performance was ( for me ) one of the stronger parts of the film . I 'm also a bit surprised at all the people commenting on the beautiful girls , since I thought the actress playing Brooke was pretty , but not exceptional .
0 This film had a lot of promise , and the plot was relatively interesting , however the actors , director and editors seriously let this film down.<br /><br />I feel bad for the writers , it could have been good . The acting is wooden , very few of the characters are believable.<br /><br />Who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film . There are lots of quick ' flashy ' edits in almost every scene , which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying.<br /><br />I wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium but alas no , it left me feeling like I 'd wasted my time and the film makers had wasted their money .
0 This is one of the dumbest films , I 've ever seen . It rips off nearly ever type of thriller and manages to make a mess of them all.<br /><br />There 's not a single good line or character in the whole mess . If there was a plot , it was an afterthought and as far as acting goes , there 's nothing good to say so Ill say nothing . I honestly ca nt understand how this type of nonsense gets produced and actually released , does somebody somewhere not at some stage think , ' Oh my god this really is a load of shite ' and call it a day . Its crap like this that has people downloading illegally , the trailer looks like a completely different film , at least if you have download it , you have n't wasted your time or money Do n't waste your time , this is painful .
0 6/10 Acting , not great but some good acting.<br /><br />4/10 Director , makes some stupid decisions for this film.<br /><br />2/10 Writer , story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.<br /><br />4/10 Overall score for this movie.<br /><br />Don't waste your time with this film , it 's not worth it . I gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much . Characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens " storywise " , not in good way . Because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes ( too many special effects : slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards ) . It 's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth but there 's too many tracks in this one . In the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics
0 This is really a new low in entertainment . Even though there are a lot worse movies out.<br /><br />In the Gangster / Drug scene genre it is hard to have a convincing storyline ( this movies does not , i mean Sebastians motives for example could n't be more far fetched and worn out cliché . ) Then you would also need a setting of character relationships that is believable ( this movie does not . ) < br /><br />Sure Tristan is drawn away from his family but why was that again ? what 's the deal with his father again that he has to ask permission to go out at his age ? interesting picture though to ask about the lack and need of rebellious behavior of kids in upper class family . But this movie does not go in this direction . Even though there would be the potential judging by the random Backflashes . Was n't he already down and out , why does he do it again ? < br /><br />So there are some interesting questions brought up here for a solid socially critic drama ( but then again , this movie is just not , because of focusing on " cool " production techniques and special effects an not giving the characters a moment to reflect and most of all forcing the story along the path where they want it to be and not paying attention to let the story breath and naturally evolve . ) < br /><br />It wants to be a drama to not glorify abuse of substances and violence ( would be political incorrect these days , would n't it ? ) but on the other hand it is nothing more then a cheap action movie ( like there are so so many out there ) with an average set of actors and a Vinnie Jones who is managing to not totally ruin what 's left of his reputation by doing what he always does.<br /><br />So all in all i .. just ... ca n't recommend it.<br /><br />1 for Vinnie and 2 for the editing .
0 From the beginning of the movie , it gives the feeling the director is trying to portray something , what I mean to say that instead of the story dictating the style in which the movie should be made , he has gone in the opposite way , he had a type of move that he wanted to make , and wrote a story to suite it . And he has failed in it very badly . I guess he was trying to make a stylish movie . Any way I think this movie is a total waste of time and effort . In the credit of the director , he knows the media that he is working with , what I am trying to say is I have seen worst movies than this . Here at least the director knows to maintain the continuity in the movie . And the actors also have given a decent performance .
0 I basically skimmed through the movie but just enough to catch watch the plot was about . To tell you the truth it was kind of boring to me and at some spots it did n't make sense . The only reason I watched this movie in the first place was to see CHACE CRAWFORD ! ! ! He is so hot , but in this movie his hair was kind of weird . But still hot.<br /><br />However , despite how hot CHACE is , it really did not make up for the film . I guess the plot is n't that bad but what really threw me over was the fact that they cuss in like every sentence . Is it that hard to express your anger without saying the F word every time?The cussing was annoying and the whole flashy , camera shaking thing gave me a headache.<br /><br />All in all , although the plot was OK , I found the film to be a bore and over dramatic . That 's why I only cut to scenes with CHACE in it . LOL Anyways , not worth renting unless your a die - hard fan of a specific cast member like I was . Oh yeah the cast was Hot . The girls were HOT ! ! ! But CHACE IS THE BEST ! !
0 This fanciful horror flick has Vincent Price playing a mad magician that realizes his vocational talents have been sold to another . He devise ways of avenging all those that have wronged him . His master scheme seems to back fire on him.<br /><br />Price is a little below par compared to his masterpieces , but is still the only reason to watch this thriller . Supporting cast includes Patrick O'Neal , Mary Murphy , Eva Gabor and Jay Novello.<br /><br / >
0 If I had not read Pat Barker 's ' Union Street ' before seeing this film , I would have liked it . Unfortuntately this is not the case . It is actually my kind of film , it is well made , and in no way do I want to say otherwise , but as an adaptation , it fails from every angle.<br /><br />The harrowing novel about the reality of living in a northern England working - class area grabbed hold of my heartstrings and refused to let go for weeks after I had finished . I was put through tears , repulsion , shock , anger , sympathy and misery when reading about the women of Union Street . Excellent . A novel that at times I felt I could not read any more of , but I novel I simply could n't put down . Depressing yes , but utterly gripping.<br /><br />The film . Oh dear . Hollywood took Barker 's truth and reality , and showered a layer of sweet icing sugar over the top of it . A beautiful film , an inspiring soundtrack , excellent performances , a tale of hope and romance ... yes . An adaptation of ' Union Street' ... no.<br /><br />The women of Union Street and their stories are condensed into Fonda 's character , their stories are touched on , but many are discarded . I accept that some of Barker 's tales are sensitive issues and are too horrific for mass viewing , and that a film with around 7 leading protagonists just is n't practical , but the content is not my main issue . The essence and the real gut of the novel is lost - darkness and rain , broken windows covered with cardboard , and the graphically described stench of poverty is replaced with sunshine , pretty houses , and a twinkling William 's score.<br /><br />If you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of ' reality ' , I advise that you hesitate to read the book without first preparing yourself for something more like ' Schindler 's List' ... but without the happy ending .
0 I saw the capsule comment said " great acting . " In my opinion , these are two great actors giving horrible performances , and with zero chemistry with one another , for a great director in his all - time worst effort . Robert De Niro has to be the most ingenious and insightful illiterate of all time . Jane Fonda 's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character , mostly because the character is so poorly written . Molasses - like would be too swift an adjective for this film 's excruciating pacing . Although the film 's intent is to be an uplifting story of curing illiteracy , watching it is a true " bummer . " I give it 1 out of 10 , truly one of the worst 20 movies for its budget level that I have ever seen .
0 Robert DeNiro plays the most unbelievably intelligent illiterate of all time . This movie is so wasteful of talent , it is truly disgusting . The script is unbelievable . The dialog is unbelievable . Jane Fonda 's character is a caricature of herself , and not a funny one . The movie moves at a snail 's pace , is photographed in an ill - advised manner , and is insufferably preachy . It also plugs in every cliche in the book . Swoozie Kurtz is excellent in a supporting role , but so what?<br /><br />Equally annoying is this new IMDB rule of requiring ten lines for every review . When a movie is this worthless , it does n't require ten lines of text to let other readers know that it is a waste of time and tape . Avoid this movie .
0 Story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig . Starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy . A formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane , violent mob by the crazy chantings of it 's singers . Unfortunately it stays absurd the WHOLE time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting . Even those from the era should be turned off . The cryptic dialogue would make Shakespeare seem easy to a third grader . On a technical level it 's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great Vilmos Zsigmond . Future stars Sally Kirkland and Frederic Forrest can be seen briefly .
0 Are you familiar with concept of children 's artwork ? While it is not the greatest Picasso any three - year - old has ever accomplished with their fingers , you encourage them to do more . If painting is what makes them happy , there should be no reason a parent should hold that back on a child . Typically , if a child loves to paint or draw , you will immediately see the groundwork of their future style . You will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles . Well , this concept of children 's artwork is how I felt about Fuqua 's depressingly cheap and uncreative film Bait . While on all accounts it was a horrid film , it was impressive to see Fuqua 's style begin emerging through even the messiest of moments . If you have seen either Training Day or King Arthur , you will be impressed with the birth of this director in his second film Bait . While Foxx gives a horrid , unchained performance , there are certain scenes , which define Fuqua and demonstrate his brilliance behind the camera . Sadly it only emerged in the final thirty minutes of the film , but if you focus just on those scenes , you will see why Fuqua 's name appears on so many " Best Of  " film lists.<br /><br />I will never disagree with someone that Fuqua 's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique . His ability to place a camera in the strangest of places to convey the simplest of emotions is shocking . I am surprised that more of Hollywood has n't jumped aboard this bandwagon . Even in the silly feature Bait , you are witness to Fuqua 's greatness . Two scenes that come directly to mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene close to the end . In both of these scenes I saw the director Fuqua at work . Alas , in the rest of this film , all I saw was a combination of nearly every action film created . The likable hero down on his luck that suddenly finds his life turned around by some unknown force is a classic structure that just needs to die in Hollywood . We have seen this two often , and no matter who you are ( unless you are Charlie Kaufmann ) , you can not recreate the wheel . It is just impossible with this genre , and it is proved with Bait . I was annoyed with Fuqua for just sitting back and allowing this to happen , which could explain why it took me three viewings to finish this film . I was just tired of the structure , and while I hoped that Fuqua would redefine it , he did not.<br /><br />Then , there was the acting . While Jamie Foxx has never impressed me as an actor , I was willing to give this helmed vehicle a try . I wanted to see if he could pull off another dramatic role similar to Collateral . I was under the impression that perhaps this was the film chosen to show producers that Foxx could handle the role in Collateral . Again , I was disappointed . Foxx was annoying . Not in the sense that it was the way that his character was to be , but in the sense that it felt as if neither Fuqua nor Foxx took the time to fully train Foxx on what should be ad - libed and what should be used to further the plot . Instead , we are downtrodden with scene over scene of Foxx just trying to make the audience laugh . Adding second long quips and culture statements just to keep his audience understanding that he was a comedian first , an actor second . Fuqua should have stopped this immediately . Foxx 's jokes destroyed his character , which in turn left me with nothing solid to grasp ahold of . Instead of character development , he would crack a joke . Neither style worked , no joke was funny . The rest of the cast was average . By this I mean I have seen them all in similar roles . They were brining nothing new to the table , nothing solid to the story , and nothing substantial to the overall themes of the film . They were pawns filling in dead air space . Fuqua had no control over this mess , and the final verdict only supports that accusation.<br /><br />Overall , this was a sad film . With no creativity in sight and unmanaged actors just trying to upstage themselves , what originally started as a decent story eventually sunk faster into the cinematic quicksand . Foxx was annoying , without character lines , and a complete bag of cheese . In each scene I saw no emotion , and when emotion was needed to convey a message , he chose to take his shirt off rather than tackle the issues . Are my words harsh ? I do n't think so . When you watch any movie you want to see some creativity , some edible characters , and themes that seem to hit close to home . Bait contained none of these . While I will give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this film , the remaining five hundred were disastrous . Apparently , I took the bait when renting this film , but now having seen it , hopefully I can stop others from taking that curious nibble.<br /><br />Grade : * * out of * * * * * ( for his two scenes that were fun to watch )
0 Ah , Bait . How do I hate thee ? Let me count the ways . 1 . You try to be funny , but are corny and unenjoyable ; every joke is predictable and expected , and when it comes , does not inspire laughter . Instead , I want to hurl . 2 . You try to be dramatic , but are unbelievable ; the woman overacts to a terrible degree , and the " bad guy " looks like Bill Gates , and is about as scary as ... well , Bill Gates . ( Just try to imagine Bill Gates trying to intimidate somebody with a gun . Does n't work , does it ? A lawyer , maybe , but not a gun . Does n't fit . ) As for Jamie Foxx , well , just watching him try to deliver a dramatic and heartfelt dialogue is ludicrous , and makes me want to hurl . 3 . You try to be action - packed , but instead are dull and dragging too many times . And when the action heats up , the tripod for the camera must have been lost , for the scenes wobble more than those in The Blair Witch Project , and I find myself nauseated , and once again I want to hurl . 4 . You try to be a good movie , but you failed , you FAILED , YOU FAILED ! I would rather walk barefoot across the Sahara with a pack full of beef jerky and no water , no sunscreen , and only Meryl Streep for company . This hell would be lovelier than a single minute more spent watching everyone in Bait overact their way through an idiotically written story with Bill Gates for a bad guy , and let 's not even talk about the massive bomb that goes off in a car that Jamie Foxx 's character has just driven OFF A CLIFF , but somehow manages to escape ... just kill me now , or do the right thing and promise me that somehow I 'll never have to watch a movie that is this bad , ever again .
0 The premise of the movie has been explained and if you 've gotten this far you do n't me to pretend that I 'm a movie critic . With that being said my own opinion of the movie is quite low . I 'm a fan of Takashi Miike but this goes down in the category of his not so great work along with DOA 2 and 3 , and some others ( many).<br /><br />The movie seems to get a free pass because it is a Takashi film and nothing Takashi does can be wrong . This is a highschoolers approach to cinema . For the rest of us we 'll find and hour and a half of a kid screaming for no real reason completely annoying ( and yes , this does take away from the film ) , the pace of the film almost reaching levels of rigomortis , and the acting ... well ... hmmm . < br /><br />If one is a Takashi fan you 'll see it regardless to peak your interests . It lacks any originality ( see the Neverending Story ) or any character development from the lead character in the face of conflict other then a quite superficial one . < br /><br />As it has been pointed out this is the first film Miike has been credited with co - writing , but that does n't mean much as non of what we 'd hope would be Miike 's personality would spill over into the screen . All we get are some of the token Miike shots vis the director of photography.<br /><br />The movie had the potential to be something great . The premise is not a difficult one to run wild with . But this one seemed to have been run into the ground.<br /><br />My suggestion is if you 're just getting into Miike is go with some of the standards like Gozu , Ichi , and Audition . Then movie into his works like Blue 's Harp , Fudoh , Rainy Dog , Bird People of China .
0 Uninspired direction leaves a decent cast stranded in a handsome but bland adaptation , in which dialogue seems recited rather than heartfelt , and cash strapped appearances by the ghosts fail to round up any sense of awe or magic ; Edward Woodward , as the Ghost of Christmas Present , wobbles around on stilts and seems to be doing an impression of Bernard Cribbins . As Scrooge , George C. Scott is too wry , and he never seems to truly believe in it , which robs his performance of its effect . The scenes in which he 's shown his past have as much impact as if he was half - heartedly flicking through his family album . No one else seems to be putting any effort in , except Frank Finlay , who chronically overacts .
0 I was sooooo excited to see this movie after finally reading the book this week . My 13 year old son was looking forward to it too . I rented it and snuggled down to enjoy a classic holiday story brought to life on screen.<br /><br />Boy , was I disappointed . This movie veered off from the book more times than is forgivable . George C. Scott is an excellent actor but in this , it seemed that he was fully into character only about 20 % of the time . The rest of the time he was quite flat.<br /><br />I realize that this was made in ' 84 , pre - CG effects , for the most part . But it looked to be very B - movie quality , especially the encounter with Jacob Marley.<br /><br />The biggest disappointment was the fact that they left out one of the most moving parts of the story : When the Spirit of Christmas Present takes Scrooge on the whirlwind tour of the world , observing people in the bleakest of circumstances still having the light and love of Christmastime.<br /><br />I will admit that Mr. Scott did a good job with the " reformed " Scrooge at the end . That was a refreshing portrayal.<br /><br />I wish that Bob Cratchit had been portrayed as a little more ragged and down - trodden . And Tiny Tim ... oh do n't even get me started on bad child actors ...
0 Having seen three other versions of the same film , I am afraid for me this is by far the weakest , primarily due to Scott 's rather dull and leaden performance . His emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film . Alistair Sim portrayed the role infinitely better . When Scrooge was at his meanest , you do n't get the sense Scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing . I can not think of any actors in this film who match those from the Alistair Sim version . Even the musical version ( and frankly the Muppets ) take on this are better executed . Very disappointing .
0 Saw this movie in my English class this afternoon and was surprised by how bad this version was . Do n't get me wrong , George C. Scott was terrific as Scrooge , but the rest of the cast fails so very badly . Sometimes I could n't stop laughing at the stupid acting and the repeated line : " Merry Christmas to everyone ! " Other times I almost fell asleep.<br /><br />The movie is based on a Charles Dickens short story about a rich guy , who do n't think Christmas is nothing but humbug . After 30 minutes , the rich guy is visited by three ghosts , who persuade him to celebrate Christmas after all.<br /><br />I can not understand how this movie , with a script so bad it must have been written in five minutes , can be so well - rated . Instead of this piece of garbage , I recommend to you , the Bill Murray comedy Scrooged . That at least , was funny ...
0 When will the hurting stop ? I never want to see another version of a Christmas Carol again . They keep on making movies with the same story , falling over each other in trying to make the movie better then the rest , but sadly fail to do so , as this is not a good story . Moralistic , old - fashioned , conservative happy - thinking . As if people learn . The numerous different versions of this film prove that we don´t .
0 It was 9:30 PM last night at my friend 's camping trailer and we were so hyped to watch South Park ( a new episode ) . The thing is , in my country , South Park airs at 10:30 PM and we decided to kill time by watching the show now airing , Father of the Pride . I 'll start by saying that I have only watched to episodes . The first time I watched it , I found it unfunny and crude for nothing , so I thought ' ' Holy sh*t , I have a football game early tomorrow , so I have to stop watching stupid cartoons '' . But yesterday , I tried to give Father of the Pride a second chance . I find that it 's a complete rip - off of The Simpsons , only replacing yellow human characters by lions instead.<br /><br />The second thing is I wonder why it got it 's TV-14 rating . I find The Simpsons a lot more vulgar , and the only real vulgarity in this show is a few homosexual ( unfunny ) jokes . The Simpsons is also a lot more violent ( Halloween specials ) and crude . I also heard that the creator of the series has also directed Shrek 2 , well I 've got news for him : Shrek 2 was way better and I think he stayed too much in the family thematic . However , I must admit that Father of the Pride did make me smile ( even burst out laughing once ) three or four times.<br /><br />All in all , I do n't mind Father of the Pride . I do n't hate it , but I do n't like either . I 've seen way better from ' ' The Simpsons''.<br /><br />3.5/10
0 This is blatantly a futuristic adaptation of Jules Verne 's " Mysterious Island " . The sound editing is pretty bad . You hear the dialogue on set and you hear the voices being recorded on a recording booth at the same time ! This is an amateur film with actors from Boston and shot around New Hampshire . For those living in New Engalnd and who is reading this comment will be wowed with a capital W. This film is full of flaws . You get to hear the director 's voice giving directions and giving out directions to the actress . " OK now stand up . " As for the other characters . There is this guy who talks with his mind instead of his voice and this blue alien . The alien guy talks with a deep voice . When he is yawning or grunting when he is fighting you hear the actor 's voice . As for the special effects , man ! This was Brett Piper 's early work for crying out loud ! The creatures are good but the animation is jerky . Really jerky . Sort of like Karl Zeman animation in JOURNEY TO BEGINNING OF TIME ( 1955 ) . The special effects are imaginative . Thge music is good . Bottom line , this film makes EQUINOX or PLANET OF THE DINOSAURS look like a Ray Harryhausen epic . Did you know MYSTERIOUS PLANET was a home movie and was on a shoes string budget ? A must watch for aspiring film makers .
0 Beyond a shadow of a doubt Mysterious Planet is one of the worst movies ever made , yet retains an affection in my heart because the poverty of its special effects and astoundingly awful sound track in the first 15 minutes ( and to be honest that 's all you need to see ) combine to create something that is hilariously side - splitting.<br /><br />The opening scene in ' space ' is just about as unfathomable as cinematography gets , as washing - up liquid bottles whiz past your eyes to muffled dialogue . Before you 've had time to work out whether it 's you who 's gone mad , the credits roll and the action struggles to life.<br /><br />And aside from the double - headed plasticine giant snail that terrorises our heroes , you also get the added double bonus of having both the original actors voices AND the dubbed voices at the same time . Pure genius.<br /><br />The sad thing for fans of this kind of fare is that I 've only ever seen one copy , so the chances of ever seeing it yourself is highly unlikely . Perhaps I own the only copy in existence.<br /><br / >
0 The silent one - panel cartoon Henry comes to Fleischer Studios , billed as " The world 's funniest human " in this dull little cartoon . Betty , long past her prime , thanks to the Production Code , is running a pet shop and leaves Henry in charge for far too long -- five minutes . A bore .
0 William Russ is the main character throughout this made for TV movie . He left his family behind to only reappear and begin paying off his debts . But he tries to keep away from his family . That s where Peter Falk ( Colombo ) comes in , playing several different roles , to convince him to come home.<br /><br />The story is average and they actually managed to get a former star ( Peter Falk ) and use him to a fairly nice degree . But William Russ was n't truly a star . However , it appears his acting is still OK.<br /><br />I found the delivery and story very cheesy in how everything was predictable . In fact , the last 20 minutes I could almost dictate word for word before it happened . A good movie should never be like that.<br /><br />Overall , it was a sub - par movie . In a letter grading system , it would receive a " D " .
0 From a poorly contrived plot line that makes almost no sense to bad dialogue and disjointed scenes to the ultimate downer , bad acting ( even Peter Falk ca n't find his way ) " Finding John Christmas " is better left lost . Ms. Bertinelli 's performance is without depth or emotion as are her co - stars , William Russ as brother Hank and David Cubitt as love interest Noah . Jennifer Pisana as Soccoro , the daughter of single dad Noah is almost unbearable to watch let alone listen to singing . But who can blame them with material like this . Michael J. Murray 's script is juvenile at best . < br /><br />Each year at this time I search the TV guides and wait anxiously for some of the really classic Christmas and inspirational holiday films to appear on the small screen . Films like " Miracle on 34th Street " , Ernst Lubitsch 's delightful " The shop around the corner " and , of course the 1951 version of " Scrooge " . There 's Frank Capra 's classics " It 's a wonderful life " and " Meet John Doe " . Hey , forget the classics . What about " Home Alone " or " Home for the Holidays " with Holly Hunter and a great performance by Robert Downey Jr. ? < br /><br />My present to you is by way of advice . Your time would be better spent searching out these films than finding " Finding John Christmas " . Merry Christmas !
0 In director Sooraj Barjatya 's Vivah,20-something Delhi boy Shahid Kapur finds himself smitten by the demure , small - town girl his father has selected for him to marry . Drawn to her innocence and simplicity , Shahid agrees to the marriage barely moments after he 's met her at her home in Madhupur , and the young lady in question Amrita Rao seems equally floored by her charming suitor . The marriage is fixed for six months later , and the couple find themselves in the first throes of young , budding love , their geographical distance notwithstanding . But Amrita , who 's been raised by her uncle and her aunt after her parents ' death , is struck by a horrible calamity just hours before the marriage . And then , it 's up to Shahid to play the honourable lover and to embrace her unconditionally . Much in the same vein as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain , Barjatya 's new film Vivah too is on one level a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise . But sadly , the plot of this new film comes off looking way too outdated , even more far - fetched than those regressive Ekta Kapoor soaps . And the problem is clear  you just ca n't relate to such squeaky - clean characters who do n't have one bad bone in their bodies . There are many things that work in favour of and against Hindi films , and timing is one such important factor . Twenty - five years ago , perhaps the plot of Vivah may not have felt like such a stretch , but today it just seems like the product of a mind stuck in a time warp . Perhaps the film 's only saving grace is the fact that it oozes sincerity from start to finish , you can make out right away that the filmmaker 's intention is not to deceive . Judging both by Barjatya 's previous films and by closely examining this new one you can safely declare that Barjatya believes in a perfect world , he believes in his good - as - gold characters , he believes that large families can live together happily under the same roof without the slightest bumps . But alas , he 's unable to translate his vision to the screen . It 's difficult to overlook how one - dimensional his protagonists are  Shahid and Amrita , both virtuous and virginal  I mean , think about it , the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes into the film . Barjatya may think he 's returning to his Maine Pyar Kiya roots with Vivah , but truth is that the reason we embraced Salman and Bhagyashree in that film , or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they had such fantastic chemistry . Because although they were created out of the same mould as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah , those pairs had mischief and masti . Shahid and Amrita are just insipid and boring . For a film that relies so heavily on music to narrate its story , the filmmaker chooses a string of 70s - style tunes that only further slacken the film 's deadening pace . But if I had to choose just one reason to explain why Vivah does n't work for me , it 's because I 'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters who inhabit Barjatya 's story . To some perhaps , Vivah will give hope , that a perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere . But I 'm a little cynical I guess . So , give me the coquettish Madhuri of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun , give me the bratty Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya , I 'll even take that mischievous Karisma Kapoor of Hum Saath Saath Hain . But save me from these dullards . You know , some marriages are n't made in heaven . This one 's Vivah !
0 I never like to comment on a good film but when it comes to a bad movie , I got ta come really hard on it . Talking about Vivah , this guy , Sooraj Badjatya , seems to have completely lost it . After success of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun , he thought he can make money with cheesy wedding videos . Vivah is so so cheesy that Badjatyas have left Johars and Chopras behind.<br /><br />There was not a single moment during the movie where I can say ' Oh ! at least this thing is good ' . Aloknath does cliché in a role of Girl 's father , Shahid kapoor looks fat and Shahrukhed , Amrita rao is another disaster in addition to ugly looking sets , bad costumes , hackneyed storyline , monstrous stepmother , trying - hard - to - act actors , cacophonous background music , cheap soundtracks.<br /><br />Now the spoiler , I 'm warning you guys that as happens in all his other movies , after a calamitous incidence movie ends on a happy note .
0 I wo n't say this movie was bad , but it was n't good either . I expected something good but I guess Hum Aapke Hain Kaun was much better than this . This was completely old fashioned . At every stage of this movie , I hoped for some twist and what do I get ? The girl gets burned and wins her aunt 's love . < br /><br />Despite of being engaged , they have to take permission for every little move they make . They are so darn shy even after so many meetings . I expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that . All she did was crib madly . < br /><br />Hey , we have kids too , but we do n't watch them and have tears in our eyes always . This movie is a dream . Happy family , one cruel woman , good in - laws and a man who loves her to death . In HAHK Anupam Kher was the poor bride 's father and now it 's vice versa . And I somehow knew that Mohnish Behl would be in this movie . Anyway I believe I wasted my time . I give it a 2/10 .
0 A Cinderella story made for adults who live in dreamland . The romance is very unrealistic , fluttery , lovey dovey , perfect etc . The Cinderella plot till the very end and Shahid Kapoor is the only reason for my stars . If you 're looking for a dreamy romance with a twist , this is definitely you 're movie , but for the rest of us real world people , I 'd highly recommend saving your three hour watch time . Wake up people!<br /><br />Four out of the five people that saw the film with me would not recommend the film . We had a great time bashing majority of the unrealistic scenes . Maybe I 'm missing something .. I just ca n't believe a movie like this can beat a classic like HDDCS ! !
0 After being hugely entertained by Mr. Brosnan 's performance as a cad in " The Tailor of Panama " ( which I rate 10/10 across the board : casting , acting , script , story , editing , pace , music , emotional impact , etc . ) , I enthusiastically anticipated this film . I was hugely disappointed . It is a script reading not a film , vulgar for the sake of being vulgar , bankrupt in every way that " The Tailor of Panama " is rich and satisfying . Blame it on the screen writing and directing . I sat in the theater waiting for the " good part ; " it never came . I neither laughed nor cried , although one line of dialog did make me smile . Worth $ 7 ? Hardly .
0 I very nearly walked out , but I 'd paid my money , and my nearly - as - disgusted friend wanted to hold out . After the endearing , wide - eyed innocence of " A New Hope " and the thrilling sophistication of " The Empire Strikes Back , " I remember awaiting " Return of the Jedi " with almost aching anticipation . But from the opening scene of this insultingly commercial sewage , I was bitterly disappointed , and enraged at Lucas . He should have been ashamed of himself , but this abomination undeniably proves that he does n't have subatomic particle of shame in his cold , greedy heart . Episode I would go on to reinforce this fact -- your honor , I call Jarjar Binks ( but please issue barf bags to the members of the jury first).<br /><br />From the initial raising of the gate at Jabba 's lair , this " film " was nothing more than a two - plus - hour commercial for as many licensable , profit - making action figures as Lucas could cram into it -- the pig - like guards , the hokey flesh - pigtailed flunky , that vile muppet - pet of Jabba 's , the new and recycled cabaret figures , the monsters , etc . , etc . , ad vomitum . Then there were the detestably cute and marketable Ewoks . Pile on top of that all of the rebel alliance aliens . Fifteen seconds each on - screen ( or less ) and the kiddies just GOTTA have one for their collection . The blatant , exploitative financial baiting of children is nauseating.<br /><br />Lucas did n't even bother to come up with a new plot -- he just exhumed the Death Star from " A New Hope " and heaved in a boatload of cheap sentiment . What an appalling slap in the face to his fans . I ca n't shake the notion that Lucas took a perverse pleasure in inflicting this dreck on his fans : " I 've got these lemmings hooked so bad that I can crank out the worst piece of stinking , putrid garbage that I could dream up , and they 'll flock to the theaters to scarf it up . Plus , all the kiddies will whine and torture their parents until they buy the brats a complete collection of action figures of every single incidental undeveloped , cartoonish caricature that I stuffed in , and I get a cut from every single one . It 'll make me even more obscenely rich." < br /><br />There may have been a paltry , partial handful of redeeming moments in this miserable rip - off . I seem to recall that Harrison Ford managed to just barely keep his nose above the surface of this cesspool . But whatever tiny few bright spots there may be are massively obliterated by the offensive commercialism that Lucas so avariciously embraced in this total , absolute sell - out to profit .
0 The fine cast can not uplift this routine tale of a secretary murdered by her married paramour . In fact there are more questions than answers in this one - sided tale of romance and murder ; and since we are only provided with the prosecution 's side , none of these questions will be answered . This is the type of fare that appeals to the " He Woman , Man Hater " clubs of America . As presented , it is the tale of an innocent woman who just happens to be " caught up " in a romance with a married , high - profile attorney . Is it possible that IF , she had not been two timing her boy friend and having an affair with a married man , the whole nasty murderous , sordid incident could have been avoided ? When you watch this , do n't worry about going to the ' fridge , you wo n't miss anything .
0 This film was choppy , incoherent and contrived . It was also an extremely mean - spirited portrayal of women . I rented it because it was listed as a comedy ( that 's a stretch ) , and because the cover said Andie McDowell was acting up a storm in it . She was n't . I 'm a gal , I watched this film with two guys , and we spent an hour afterwards exclaiming over how bad it was.<br /><br />WARNING : PLOT SUMMARY BELOW ! RAMPANT SPOILERS!<br /><br />The movie starts out with a fairly hackneyed plot about an older woman who takes up with a younger man , to the severe disapproval of her two jealous single girlfriends . They want her to marry a boring guy their own age who is kind of in love with her . But she 's so happy with her oversexed puppy that you 're rooting for them to stick it out , and sure enough , she decides to marry the guy . But her harpy girlfriend , aided by the wishy - washy one , sets up a plot to trick our heroine into thinking the guy is cheating on her . It works . She has a fight with him , he runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck ( Remember the movie 's title ? ) So now he 's dead , two - thirds of the way through the film . And although our heroine is a school headmistress who spends her time watching over girls , she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant.<br /><br />She 's already broken off relations with her girlfriends , because they were so unsupportive . Alone and pitiful , she decides to marry the boring guy . Did I mention that the boring guy who kind of loves her is a minister ? She had asked him to marry her to the young guy ( nice , huh ? ) , but now she tells him she 'll marry him , and apparently he has no objections to being dicked around in this fashion . But her girlfriends rescue her at the altar and take her home , where they not - quite - confess that they were mostly responsible for the love of her life getting smushed . She has the kid . In the final scene , they leave it in a crib inside her house while they go out on the porch to drink , smoke and be smug . I kid you not , it 's that bad . I left out the part about the cancer red - herring and the harpy 's ridiculous lesbian moment .
0 This film is a calculated attempt to cash in the success of Sex in the City and Four Weddings and a Funeral . In fact , if they 'd called it Sex at a Funeral , they might have done better at the box office.<br /><br />But the film falls between two stools and ca n't get up . The characters spout improbably bright dialog , but never act in any way remotely recognizable as human . One arbitrary , senseless action follows another to advance what passes for a plot , and one soon tires of the falsity of the whole enterprise.<br /><br />Andie MacDowell gets points for acting her little heart out , but the performing honors are stolen by Imelda Staunton , as of all things , a police detective ( do n't they have a height requirement over there ? ) . Ms. Staunton seems unable to make a false move . Would that we could say the same about the writer - director.<br /><br />If Notting Hill annoyed you as being bogus , stay away from this one . Phonus bolognus on the half - shell .
0 This had to be one of the worst films ever . When Kate shows up and Jed is with a bunch of guys and they all start clapping ... so Hollywood . Another bad scene was when Kate was running her hands over the pavement it appeared that she was examining the texture of the pavement . Andie 's acting is so bad in this film - I could not connect with them or feel there love for each other . The other 2 women however were very good and overshadowed Andie . Anyway this was such a campy movie . I usually like these type of films but I just could n't get into this film . Too many unlikely situations and again Andie 's acting did n't help the film . Also , she is all gums . Lancome must put her makeup on with a putty knife because she looks glamorous in the commericals .
0 This starts off bad , what with the three women acting like simpering junior high school wussies sitting around giggling with their gin , endless cigarettes and a caramel chocolate treat for the one who tells the best ' man ' story , and then it gets worse -=- spoiler alert = -= what with Andie 's character falling for the young organ player who used to be her student when he was 14 ( she 's the headmistress of an English school , believe it or not ) , only to have him destroyed thanks to her bitch - from - hell ' girlfriend ' . .. and then from there , it 's basically unwatchable claptrap : she forgives her ' friend ' and has the organ player 's love child and the 3 women end up as they started , drinking more gin and smoking more cigarettes blah blah blah . Andie 's character throws the caramel chocolates out in the street , in a pathetic attempt to symbolize growth . Have mercy .
0 This was awful . Andie Macdowell is a terrible actress . So wooden she makes a rocking horse look like it could do a better job . But then remember that turn in Four Weddings , equally as excruciating . Another film that portrays England as full of Chocolate box cottages , and village greens . I mean that school , how many schools apart from maybe Hogwarts look like that ? The twee police station looked like the set from Heartbeat ( a nauseating British series set in the 60s).This film just could n't make its mind up what it wanted to be- a comedy or a serious examination of the undercurrents in women 's friendships . If it had stuck to the former then the graveyard sex scenes and the highly stupid storming of the wedding might just have worked ( i say just ) . But those scenes just did n't work with the tragedy in the second half . I also find it implausible that Kate would ever speak to Molly again after her terrible behaviour . A final note- what is a decent actress like Staunton doing in this pile of poo ? Not to mention Anna Chancellor . Macdowell should stick to advertising wrinkle cream .
0 Caught this on IFC yesterday , and ca n't believe the positive reviews ! Am I the only one who thought these " ladies " were anything but ? Kate tells Jed she could get fired because she 's supposed to be a pillar of the community , but puts out for him ! Then they suddenly decide they 're in love ? And she 's SO devastated over his death , she does n't go to his funeral , much less , tell his family the " good news " ! By the way , how did an American get to be the headmistress of a very proper British school ? Janine should have been kicked off the force for her inexcusable abuse of power , but nothing happens ! And she winds up boffing a con she brought in for questioning ! And the less said about Molly , the better!<br /><br />As for the guilt Janine and Molly feel over Jed , please ! It 's the punk 's own damn fault he got turned into roadkill ! Where 's the guilt over poor Gerald , who gets puked on ? If only I could do the same to the bozos behind this " movie " !
0 I thought it was a New - York located movie : wrong ! It 's a little British countryside setting.<br /><br />I thought it was a comedy : wrong ! It 's a drama .... Well , up to the last third , because after the story becomes totally " abracadabrantesque " , the symbolic word for a French presidential mandate . It means , close to nonsense even it the motives would like to bring a sincere feeling.<br /><br />What Do I have left ? Maybe , a good duo of actress : Yes , I know , they are 3 friends , but the redhead policewoman is a bit invisible for me . The tall doctoress surprises by her punch , and McDowell delivers a fine acting as usual , all in delicate , soft and almost mute attitude . This gentleness puzzles me , because as other fine artists or directors , the same pattern is repeating over and over . In her case , it 's like , whatever the movie , it 's always the same character defined by her feelings , her values , who lives infinite different stories . I still do n't know how to set the limit ( or the fusion ) between the artists and the works.<br /><br />Another positive side of this movie is its feminine touch & the interesting different points of view . The women have each their own way of living , even if they are all single . It brings a lot of tolerance and learning to witness how a same and unique reality can be perceived in as many ways as people.<br /><br />Finally , the movie is quite viewable , but the great final cuts the desire of a next vision .
0 Was this meant to be a comedy or a serious drama ? This film starts with a light - hearted banter between three women . Fine . It moves into a conflict between the women when one of them meets a man . Fine . There are a few antics between them . Fine . But when the plot thickens and finally becomes black I started to wonder whether I had misinterpreted the first part of the movie . It continues in this vein for a while until , in the end , it tries to go back to the original light - hearted banter . But by now it 's too late . It 's hard to see why these women would still be talking to one another and the finale is unconvincing . Truly a lesson ( for British filmmakers anyway ) of how not to make films . Difficult to see how the producers ever convinced themselves this film would work . And the box office proved it to be a real flop , because I 'd never heard of this film until this weekend ( four years after its release ) .
0 Andie McDowell is beautiful as the 40-ish woman whose late start at a serious relationship leads her to a considerably younger man and a subsequenet falling - out with 2 long - time best girldfriends.<br /><br />Seeing a gigolo / gold - digger in the sincere young man , the " girl - friends " , dead - set on terminating this " silly relationship " , go over and beyond the call of duty in " helping out " their friend ( who obviously is blinded by this gigolo 's tricky game".<br /><br />A short succession of situations is absolutely ridiculous . Far fetched no longer covers it . Without these unbelievable scenes , there may have been hope for a sweet love story . Instead , all the viewer is left with is an involuntary shaking of head -- these things just do n't happen ! Without giving away cliff - hanger details , I warn the viewer of having high expectations for this film ; most ( like me ) will be very disappointed . On a scale of 1 to 10 , this one ranks a weak 4 with me . There is much better material out there . This one is n't worth your time .
0 SPOILER : The young lover , Jed , is kicked out by the spinster , Kate ( Andie McDowell ) , because she wrongly believes that Jed is having an affair with one of her two catty girlfriends . Kate thought she caught them en flagrante delicto . Kate throws Jed 's shoes out the door . Jed reluctantly leaves , and then sits in the middle of the road to put his shoes on . Then he gets run over ( " Crushed " , one of the meaning of the title ) by a truck . And dies.<br /><br />"And then he gets run over by a truck . " Can you imagine a screenwriter actually submitting a script with this plot element ? Up to then , its a comedy that intends to be frothy , but lacks any real fizz . Everybody but Jed is just annoying . And then they kill Jed , and everybody 's sad , until the end where the gals learn to love one another and be supportive , instead of destructive . I give it 2 ugh 's .
0 The worst thing about Crush is not that it 's acted pretty bad , or that the plot is virtually non - existent , and it 's not even that bad that the camerawork could have been better.<br /><br />No , the worst part of this movie is that it has a few absolutely brilliant moments that keep you hoping that there are more to come.<br /><br />But in the end , it 's too little , too late . If you are a fan of violin - music and cheap tearjerking scenes of 40 + women crying and hugging and talking about babies and marriage - then by all means , do n't miss it.<br /><br />I myself am not exactly thrilled to see the things listed above in a movie , and as a result I had a pretty horrible time . The few absolutely brilliant jokes can not make up for the rest of it.<br /><br />The verdict : 4/10 . Guilty of wasting my time.<br /><br / >
0 Not a ` woman film ' but film for the gang . One of the worst films ever made by a male director about woman . Director Andy McKay simply does n't know woman . Peaks of bad taste , American Pie 's humor style , crude story , no sense , groundless story , refuted characters . Vulgar fantasies came to life on screen . Insulting and definitely not funny . I wonder how three good actresses accepted to take part in it .
0 As a single woman over 40 , I found this film extremely insulting and demeaning to single women over 40 , not to mention every other woman , of any age . It was a sad , pathetic attempt by a man to write and direct a " chick flick " , and it failed miserably . Andy McDowell is n't much of an actress to begin with , but given the non - existent " plot " ( I hate to even refer to it as a plot ) in this , she did n't have a chance . There was no character development , no reason to feel sympathy / empathy for any of the characters , and no attempt to make the film in any way realistic or believable . And then there 's the obligatory male - fantasy of an attractive straight woman suddenly deciding to give lesbianism a try -- PLEASE.<br /><br />Not only do I wish I could get my money back for the DVD rental , I also want those 112 minutes of my life back . What a ripoff .
0 I was gifted with this movie as it had such a great premise , the friendship of three women bespoiled by one falling in love with a younger man.<br /><br />Intriguing.<br /><br />NOT ! I hasten to add . These women are all drawn in extreme caricature , not very supportive of one another and conspiring and contriving to bring each other down.<br /><br />Anna Chancellor and Imelda Staunton could do no wrong in my book prior to seeing this , but here they are handed a dismal script and told to balance the action between slapstick and screwball , which does n't work too well when the women are all well known professionals in a very small town.<br /><br />And for intelligent women they spend a whole pile of time bemoaning the lack of men / sex / lust in their lives . I felt much more could have been made of it given a decent script and more tension , the lesbian sub - plot went nowhere and those smoking / drinking women ( all 3 in their forties ? ? ? ) were very unrealistic - even in the baby scene - screw the baby , gimme a cigarette ! Right.<br /><br />Like I said , a shame of a waste . 4 out of 10 .
0 " The Crush " is a pleasant enough 40-something friends romantic chick flick for the first two - thirds or so , as it tries to be a Brit " Sex and the City " . < br /><br />I particularly enjoyed the turn - around of the trophy young hunk whose character is not much fleshed out ( come to think of it we did n't see all that much physical flesh of him either and Kenny Doughty is worth seeing more of ) . < br /><br />They sure make a lot more deal of young man / older woman than was made of the opposite in either version of " Sabrina " ( neither movie do I like ) or for that matter with the Douglas / Zeta - Jones or Dion / Svengali nuptials.<br /><br />Surrounding Andie MacDowell as an ex pat otherwise are welcome familiars from Brit dramas and comedies , such as tart - tongued Anna Chancellor . < br /><br />The plot twists towards the end feel very deus ex machina . But it was n't until the credits came up at the end that I realized what might really be wrong . Just as with " Sex and the City , " the writer / director is male , here first - timer Scot John McKay , and I think he really wanted to do a script about three gay men , probably about them coming out in relation to their lovers and at work ( the characters are a school principal , a cop and a doctor ) , which would have been a better and more interesting movie . The working title for the film was " The Sad F*cker 's Club " which would have made its parallels with the gay " Broken Hearts Club " even more obvious.<br /><br />(originally written 4/6/2002 )
0 it MIGHT have been a good movie if it had explored something more interesting rather than just the surface of a lesbian relationship if this was the meaning of the movie ... it is quite predictable not mentioning that the two girls resemble the Russian group t . A.T.u .... coincidence ? i do n't think so . There is nothing original in this movie to support it so they had to use something which is already famous . You know the recipe . The other actors ... well , i just do n't know what their role is supposed to be . Most of them are well - known people in Romania and i must mention some of them are not even actors(e.g . Mihaela Radulescu).SO to summarize it : " girl band tatty"+desperate / publicity needing " actors"+ a non - existing plot+ the occasion to use bad language in order to shock= Love sick .... too bad ... the idea was good , though ... and i am seriously holding myself from commenting the title ...
0 * * * LIGHT SPOILER ALERT * * * The story sounds good and if you 've read the novel , then you 're probably expecting a deep and intense movie that could offer some insight for some interesting and insufficiently explored human relationships.<br /><br />True enough , the script tries to do that , the director tries to do that , but the main cast fails miserably . Maria 's acting is so dry that lacks any feeling whatsoever , her most intense moments seem almost comical . Sometimes she seems to be nervous due to the camera . Her only really feeling scene is near the end where she gets dumped by her girlfriend.<br /><br />Ioana seems even more tense than Maria and even worse , she does n't seem natural at all . Maria had the attitude , even if it was artificially pushed towards being obvious , but she had it and her character received some credibility . And to make matters worse , we do n't have an insight on her : where does she come from , how come she got involved in the lesbian relationship , how did the relationship evolve ? We only get some bits from her parents and their relationship just seems to ' be ' there : it has a content and and end , but no beginning . Just like her partner Maria , she has only once scene that is truly touching , the scene where she dumps Maria 's character Kiki.<br /><br />Tudor is the only person in this movie ( aside from the landlady , great acting there ) who manages to prove some acting talent . He has his character 's attitude and it fits him . Only once or twice he seems to falter ( the scene at his parents ' meal , he tries to be obvious when it was n't necessary at all).<br /><br />I love the story , Tudor Chirila is OK there , the landlady actually acts and Puya delivers his couple of lines with style , but this does n't save the movie . Too bad , the entire setting had huge potential and the Romanian cinematography could 've used a movie on this theme.<br /><br />Oddly enough , the incestuous relationship between brother and sister seems to have more credibility than the no - background no - feeling ( well , Maria 's spoken interludes are a nice try in this direction ) lesbian relationship of Maria and Ioana . I 'm quite sorry for spending money on a ticket , I 'd rather had watched it from the comfort of my room .
0 This is a movie that relies solely on the somewhat controversial image of incest and lesbianism to get noticed . That is it . The dialogs are pathetic and the sensuality of the " sex scenes " is absolutely absent . The acting and the dialog are more suited for high - school children , yet the subject is intended for adult audiences . It is a gutless and shallow movie . It could have been way better if it had a story and more drama . Ah and on top of that , one more thing : why are inner monologues so excessively used ? Makes it seem so cheap . All in all an embarrassing movie for Romanian cinema as well as for mature audiences attempting to view it . I know the means are scarce but , that is not always an excuse for a movie flopping as this one does . And please start using some good actors in your movies and stop recycling them from musicians ( Tudor Chirila ) - they ca n't act !
0 I am not so much like Love Sick as I image . Finally the film express sexual relationship of Alex , kik , Sandu their triangle love were full of intenseness , frustration and jealous , at last , Alex waked up and realized that they would not have result and future . Ending up was sad.<br /><br />The director Tudor Giurgiu was in AMC theatre on Sunday 12:00PM on 08/10/06 , with us watched the movie together . After the movie he told the audiences that the purposed to create this film which was to express the sexual relationships of Romanian were kind of complicate.<br /><br />On my point of view sexual life is always complicated in everywhere , I do n't feel any particular impression and effect from the movie . The love proceeding of Alex and Kiki , and Kiki and her brother Sandu were kind of next door neighborhood story.<br /><br />The two main reasons I do n't like this movie are , firstly , the film did n't told us how they started to fall in love ? Sounds like after Alex moved into the building which Kiki was living , then two girls are fall in love . It does n't make sense at all . How a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man . Too much fragments , you need to image and connect those stories by your mind . Secondly , The whole film did n't have a scene of Alex and Kik 's sexual intercourse , that 's what I was waiting for  . However , it still had some parts were deserved to recommend . The " ear piercing " part was kind of interesting . Alex was willing to suffer the pain of ear piercing to appreciate kik 's love . That was a touching scene which gave you a little idea of their love . Also , the scene of they were lying in the soccer field , the conversation express their loves were truthful and passionate .
0 I am not so much like Love Sick as I image . Finally the film express sexual relationship of Alex , kik , Sandu their triangle love were full of intenseness , frustration and jealous , at last , Alex waked up and realized that they would not have result and future . Ending up was sad.<br /><br />The director Tudor Giurgiu was in AMC theatre on Sunday 12:00PM on 08/10/06 , with us watched the movie together . After the movie he told the audiences that the purposed to create this film which was to express the sexual relationships of Romanian were kind of complicate.<br /><br />On my point of view sexual life is always complicated in everywhere , I do n't feel any particular impression and effect from the movie . The love proceeding of Alex and Kiki , and Kiki and her brother Sandu were kind of next door neighborhood story.<br /><br />The two main reasons I do n't like this movie are , firstly , the film did n't told us how they started to fall in love ? Sounds like after Alex moved into the building which Kiki was living , then two girls are fall in love . It does n't make sense at all . How a girl would fall in love with another girl instead of a man . Too much fragments , you need to image and connect those stories by your mind . Secondly , The whole film did n't have a scene of Alex and Kik 's sexual intercourse , that 's what I was waiting for  . However , it still had some parts were deserved to recommend . The " ear piercing " part was kind of interesting . Alex was willing to suffer the pain of ear piercing to appreciate kik 's love . That was a touching scene which gave you a little idea of their love . Also , the scene of they were lying in the soccer field , the conversation express their loves were truthful and passionate .
0 Considering that this movie had a serious and quite successful launching campaign , I would have expected something to be worth the fuzz ... from the opening scene on ( in which the two brothers " sensually " caress each other , laying naked in a bed ) it goes rapidly downwards ... nothing to get the attention , not a mind - catching thing in the whole plot , baaad baad acting ( a few minor exceptions , but artificiality is at its best ) . Incest and lesbianism are promising themes , but the script analyses none of the two in depth ( mind that a possible excuse of the makers , saying that they aimed for a subtle movie would be hilarious , unless subtle and superficial mean the same thing ... ) . The too curious viewers will not get any interesting scene ... at this point , that could have saved some of the movie ... so you can imagine how bad it is . Many other things could be said ... but please watch the movie yourselves ... I am an egoist and I would like as many people as possible to waste about 1 1/2h of their lives ... like I did :(
0 Yes , indeed , it could have been a good movie . A love biangle , ( sorry for the poetical license , but is not a triangle ! ) an interesting story , unfortunately badly told . The image is sometimes weird , sometimes OK , the picture looks crowded and narrow - sighted . The sound needs more attention ( it usually does in Romanian movies ) , the light and color filters are sometimes badly chosen . The soundtrack is short and is not helping the action . About the acting ... sorry but the best actress is the landlady . The others are acting immaturely and can not convince the viewer . The acting is poetical when it should be realistic , and realistic when it should be poetical . It 's a picture for adults , told by the children . Bother only if extremely curious .
0 Closer to reality and containing more depth than " Breakdance " , Stan Lathan 's " Beat Street " is still a pretty dull show . Again this pic is really only cashing in on the ' breakin ' craze but at least we get a little bit of entertainment from the plot , which concerns the lives of three young friends and a younger brother , all growing up in Queens , New York . Each has their own unique talent . One is a hustler , one a d.j . , another an artist who creates ' burners ' , while little bro ' Lee is a hot ' hip hop ' dancer.<br /><br />Lathan is unable to generate any real audience interest in the story though , and his young cast are likewise struggling with their characters . Therefore it is left almost entirely to the funky music and the ' fresh ' dancing to save the day.<br /><br />Choreography is again sharp for both club and street scenes , but this alone is not enough to lift " " Beat Street " to greater heights . Unfortunately the film really falls flat late on , after showing a glimmer of hope that it just might get interesting.<br /><br />Sunday , August 25 , 1996 - Video
0 Hilariously obvious " drama " about a bunch of high school ( I think ) kids who enjoy non - stop hip - hop , break dancing , graffiti and trying to become a dj at the Roxy -- or something . To be totally honest I was so bored I forgot ! Even people who love the music agree this movie is terribly acted and -- as a drama -- failed dismally . We 're supposed to find this kids likable and nice . I found them bland and boring . The one that I REALLY hated was Ramon . He does graffiti on subway trains and this is looked upon as great . Excuse me ? He 's defacing public property that is n't his to begin with . Also these " great " kids tap into the city 's electricity so they can hold a big dance party at an abandoned building . Uh huh . So we 're supposed to find a bunch of law breakers lovable and fun.<br /><br />I could forgive all that if the music was good but I ca n't stand hip hop . The songs were -- at best -- mediocre and they were nonstop ! They 're ALWAYS playing ! It got to the point that I was fast - forwarding through the many endless music numbers . ( Cut out the music and you haver a 30 minute movie -- maybe ) There are a few imaginative numbers -- the subway dance fight , a truly funny Santa number and the climatic Roxy show . If you love hip hop here 's your movie . But it you 're looking for good drama mixed in -- forget it . Also HOW did this get a PG rating ? There 's an incredible amount of swearing in this .
0 Maybe you should n't compare , but Wild Style and Style Wars are original Hip Hop . Beat Street does have a lot of the original artists of early Hip Hop , but they 've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break , of course for some it was and that 's nice . But if you view this as original Hip Hop Culture you 're wrong . It 's overproduced and has a Hollywood sauce . Rather look for the first two movies i mentioned . They have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto . Yes , the rating for this movie is low , but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving . This is probably because although the story , the acting , the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful , the music and dancing is what the people love about it . Me , i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of Hip Hop ( i was so glad when round ' 86 a new generation of now classic Hip Hop artists appeared , like Krs One , Public Enemy , Ultramagnetic Mc 's , Jungle Brothers , Bizmarkie to name a few ) , and i still do n't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it does n't work for me . I mean , Wild Style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic . Of course tastes differ and that 's alright . But as far as i 'm concerned , this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and so i ca n't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten .
0 I could never stand watching Happy Days after Chachi joined the cast , so I knew I was in trouble when the best scene in this movie featured Scott Baio ( a skateboard chase scene ! ) . Jodie Foster in her first " grown - up " role turns in her usual professional performance but that is no excuse for this boring mess . Two hours out of my life that I 'll never get back ! No noteworthy characters , unbelievable storyline , questionable editing and horrendous cinematography but worst of all , I could n't have cared less . The story of California teens in the 1970 's , where the kids live miserable lives and all their parents are idiots . Do n't waste your time watching this ugly excuse for a movie .
0 Horrible film with bits of the Ramones strewn about . Your worse than average 1970's/80 's comedy format of the cool kids taking over the school with some whimsical plan . This movie is terrible . The plot consists of a girl who enjoys the Ramones and a school bent on fighting against their oppressive administration . Forget this movie and watch something like Wild Zero starring Guitar Wolf if you want an entertaining B movie . Terrible acting , terrible writing , terrible plot with the stamp of approval of the Ramones who probably needed some money quick so they said yes to this movie . That is the only logical thing I can think of because this movie blows .
0 This movie is a 90 minute Ramones concert with brief periods of stupidity and absolute boredom . What kind of high school is this anyway?<br /><br />Unless you are a major Ramones fan , DO NOT and I repeat DO NOT waste your time like I did . This is utterly unwatchable from start to finish . This movie should be called Ramone Fever . Everyone appears to like them in this movie . There is not a plot to be found in this flick . As far as teen comedies go , you are scraping the bottom of the barrel with this one .
0 I gave this film 2 stars only because Dominic Monaghan actually put effort through in his acting . Everything else about this film is extremely amateur . Everything associated with the direction of this film was very poorly executed . Not only should the director rethink what she is doing for a life career but maybe she should watch a few films . As Dominic Monaghan is a very credible actor , placing him in a film of this caliber makes him look awful . Whomever the " actor " was that played Jack 's best friend should never have stepped in front of the camera . I did n't expect much from such a small film , but perhaps a little more time and effort should be put into the characters and their surroundings . Do n't waste your time or money on this film ( like I did ) you will be sorely disappointed .
0 I jumped at the chance to view this movie uncut and uninterrupted , remembering rahs and raves for it . But wherever it seemed about to slip into being truly scary , it backed off and went somewhere else . The dripping water throughout the house , the black rain , the prophetic dreams , taking the wrong turn in raw sewage were dropped before they could work up to a scream.<br /><br />What a disappointment . Chamberlain 's nearly expressionless mask of a face offered little but confused disbelief , something I found myself mirroring as the film wore on . What could have been eerie Aboriginal chanting and instruments in the background were instead a cacophony seemingly designed to beat terror into one 's head . The ideas that modern people can embody ancient gods , that the Aboriginal peoples believe red - haired white men were the first priests , and many other possibilities are passed along more like a shopping list than a hint at another dimension ( the Dream Time).<br /><br />[SPOILER ] In the final scene , it was n't clear to me what the director was trying to tell . Is there a big wave ? So what ? How big ? A tsunami ? Yeah , okay . That 's devastating but not apocalyptic . Is it the end of the world ? From a wave ? The last wave ? That 'd have to be a pretty darn big wave . Why ? Was the world that bad a place ? It did n't seem so awful in this movie . Actually I did n't think the wave came off , since the shadow left Burton 's face that had been cast by the wave . Was it only Burton 's apocalypse ? Heck , that happens every day to people who lose it . It was n't of any interest if it was only him.<br /><br />The most frightening scene , and the one that gives the best indication of Weir 's potential , was in Charlie 's apartment where Burton has gone to confront the old man for scaring Burton 's wife . Charlie keeps asking him " Who are you ? " and it becomes truly disturbing after a while . Unfortunately , the movie never followed suit .
0 The perfect murder is foiled when a wife(played by Mary Ellen Trainor , once the wife to director Robert Zemeckis , who helmed this episode ) , who murders her husband with a poker , has the misfortune of receiving a visitor as she is about to move the body outside .. an escaped insane madman dressed in a Santa Claus suit(played by a deviously hideous Larry Drake ) . She fends for her life while trying to find a way of hiding her husband 's corpse . She decides to use an ax , once she downs the Santa killer who misses several chances to chop off the woman 's head , to frame the killer for her husband 's murder . Santa killer locks her in a closet and pursues the woman 's daughter as she tries desperate to free herself to save the child.<br /><br />This episode of TALES FROM THE CRYPT just recycles tired material involving the old " Santa kills " theme while also adding the oft - used(add nauseum)woman - murders - her - husband - for - a - man - she's - been - cheating - with routine . It 's essentially Trainor trying to find a way to avoid being caught with a dead body she kills while also keeping a safe distance from a maniac . There 's nothing refreshing or new about this plot which pretty much goes through the motions . Not one of the show 's highlights .
0 Well , as Goethe once said , there really is n't any point in trying to pass a negative judgement that aspires to be objective on " something that has had a great effect " . " La Maman et La Putain " has surely passed into history as an influence on much of what 's been done in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years and no one interested in the history of film , certainly , should be dissuaded from watching it . To express a purely subjective judgement , however , I feel compelled to disagree with almost every other review posted here and say to people : " Do n't watch it ; it 's a waste of hours of your time that will just leave you feeling rather sick and angry . " And by that I do n't mean " sick and angry " about " the human condition " or anything so general and profound as that , because that is exactly the line that most critics have adopted in their fulsome praise of the film - " an ordeal to watch in its ruthless dissection of our emotional cowardice and cruelty " and so on - and , if it really managed to put across a universally or even broadly relevant message of this sort , then the director would have good reason to be satisfied with himself , however pessimistic his conclusions may be . My beef with the film is rather that I do n't see this hours - long record of empty vanity and petty treachery as being justified or excused by any GENERALLY relevant message at all . All three main characters are deeply morally unattractive individuals : Alexandre to the greatest degree , of course , because we see by far the most of him and because he seldom shuts up for more than thirty seconds ; Marie perhaps to the least degree , because we see the least of her . Alexandre 's affected and pretentious monologues have a kind of amusement value , of course , but the amusement wears thin as one comes more and more clearly to realize that Jean - Pierre Léaud is most likely not even acting and that , with absurd remarks like " un homme beau comme un film de Nicholas Ray " , he really was just reproducing word - for - word opinions that were accepted as authentic and profound by the milieu in which he , along with the director Eustache , had been living for about ten years by the time of the making of the film . I suppose if the tone of relentless superficiality and triviality had been sustained throughout 100 % of the film , it might have worked as a long sardonic comedy about a particularly shallow , worthless and despicable post-'68 milieu . What made , however , this viewer at least extremely angry with the director was his granting of at least one lengthy scene each to Alexandre and Veronika in which we are clearly expected to empathize with and feel for them as if they shared a moral universe with us . If a man can get away with living in the flat of and professing to love one woman , sleeping ( mostly in this very flat ) with another , and running around Paris proposing marriage to yet a third , well , I suppose I can wish him the best of luck in the dog - eat - dog world he 's chosen to create for himself . What I ca n't , however , in all conscience do is listen even for a moment to maudlin monologues from him in which he speaks about his " anxiety " and his " despair " . The same goes double for the even more despicable Veronika , whom we are shown barging drunk into the apartment and even the bed shared by Marie and Alexandre and behaving there with an infantile inconsistency tantamount to the most savage and heartless cruelty . As I say , if " La Maman et La Putain " is intended to be nothing more nor other than a portrait of Alexandre , Veronika and Marie , three individuals whom any even halfway decent person would never admit into their company let alone their home , then I suppose there is a kind of legitimacy in praising the director for being " unflinching " ( though why one should even feel like " flinching " once one had consciously opted to create such thoroughly repellent characters to filmically observe I ca n't imagine ) . The problem , however , is that the director is clearly convinced - and appears to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander , Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of human beings in general and of the limits of human beings ' emotional capabilities . This latter idea , however , is arrant and offensive nonsense . There may indeed be an inherent fallibility and tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and sexual relations in particular . But the nature and degree of this fallibility and tendency to tragedy can only possibly be determined by people who make a sincere and serious effort to make such relations work . It surely needs no cinematic or authorial genius to convey to us the information that a man who behaves like Alexandre is going to end up hated , miserable , and alone , or that women who insist on expecting love from a man like Alexandre are going to end up disappointed and bitter . Watch " La Maman et La Putain " if you 're historically interested in what passed for culture and human interaction in a certain post-'68 Parisian milieu which was probably , unfortunately , not restricted to just a few particularly anti - social types like these . But please do n't make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has any general relevance for humanity in the way that a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese might be argued to have .
0 That 's not the sound of bees , that 's the effect induced by watching this extremely long , extremely boring , badly acted movie . How I ever made it through all 3 1/2 hours without falling asleep I 'll never know . The plot is simple ... 3 thoroughly unlikable morons talk about sex for 3 1/2 hours . And you thought Rohmer was deadly . This is even worse , if that 's possible . > I must really be a masochist if I could watch this entire movie without turning it off ... or killing someone .
0 Iberia is nice to see on TV . But why see this in silver screen ? Lot of dance and music . If you like classical music or modern dance this could be your date movie . But otherwise one and half hour is just too long time . If you like to see skillful dancing in silver screen it 's better to see Bollywood movie . They know how to combine breath taking dancing to long movie . Director Carlos Saura knows how to shoot dancing from old experience . And time to time it 's look really good . but when the movie is one and hour it should be at least most of time interesting . There are many kind of art not everything is bigger then life and this film is not too big .
0 That reviewers liked this movie surprises me . The plot is a muddle . The characters are wooden . Michael Bowen spends most of the film spying on the other characters and misjudging all of them . No one has any redeeming quality or point - of - interest . This is not an edgy work . It is not imaginative . It is not ironic . It is no clever . There is nothing straight forward about this tedious work . That is missed theatrical release is not surprise . That the " This Network " airs it diminishes that venue . I definitely recommend turning to a rerun of the Garden Smart show on PBS or even a good informational if you encountered this mess on late night television . If you encounter it on daytime television , take a long walk . Even if you walk in smog , you will feel better not having suffered through this shambles . Life is short . This movie is long .
0 This is a terrible movie , terrible script , bad direction and nonsensical ending . Also , bad performances , except from Clancy Brown who is criminally underused here , and Michael Pollard . Watching this movie was purgatory -- you do it to unload enough bad movie karma to actually see a good one further down the line.<br /><br />The movie presents a father and son who look like they could n't every possibly have been related . The part of the male lead is not well written and seems uncharismatic in this role . You can see the plot points a mile away . The actions of the female lead and that of her brother , the cop , also make no sense . So , a major action on her part at the end of the movie makes no sense script - wise .
0 Burt Kennedy used to be a very good director , but you 'd never know it by this lumbering mess . Not only does this film look cheap , it IS cheap -- most of the battle scenes are lifted from the far superior " The Last Command " from 1955 , and that footage , shot 32 years previously , looks more contemporary than anything in this picture . The few action scenes that were actually shot for this movie are disorganized , confused and incompetent , looking just as shoddy as the rest of the picture . This has the look and feel of a bad student film ( and the budget did n't seem to be a whole lot more ) . It moves like molasses , the acting for the most part is either over - the - top ham or under - the - top comatose -- although Raul Julia comes off better than most of the rest of the cast -- and it 's chock full of annoying historical inaccuracies . On top of that , it 's WAY too long . If you 're going to make a boring film , do it in an hour or so and get it over with -- don't stretch it out over three hours , like this one does . If you want to see a good movie about the Alamo , check out John Wayne 's 1960 version , or even the 1955 film from which this movie stole its action scenes . Hard to believe it took six producers to make a movie this lousy . Skip it .
0 While being a great James Arness western , this film has gone down as the worst Alamo film ever made . The story was terrible , inaccuracy all through it , and just downright untruths to boot ! Continuity was cast to the four winds . Anybody catch the cannon sequence ? The Mexicans were dumb enough to fire cannons that obviously had mud and ramrods still sticking out of the tubes . Come on ! Then there is Brian Keith 's ridiculous hat ! Costumer must of been away or something . Or just out of their mind !
0 This movie is flawed on many fronts . Like many before it , it portrays more of the mythology of the Alamo than the history . The production is poor , overall giving the impression of a welfare project for lots of actors who might have otherwise had to work on Hollywood Squares . This to me was the greatest flaw - I know the ages and general personalities of the real Alamo protagonists and the geriatric ensemble of TV actors chosen to portray them never let any hint of believability intrude.<br /><br />As a native Texan , I grew up with the mythology . I later learned more about the history . I can accept a decent production from either perspective ( although I prefer more historical accuracy ) , but this never gave me a chance to enjoy it . Even John Wayne 's or Fess Parker 's versions had more life than this stolid mess , while being only slightly less accurate.<br /><br />Very disappointing - avoid it .
0 Slow and riddled with inaccuracy . Over - looking its flaws this is still an interesting account of the famed and heroic siege of the Alamo during the Texas fight for independence from Mexico . James Arness as Jim Bowie . Brian Keith as Davy Crockett . Alec Baldwin as Col . Travis . Raul Julia as General Santa Anna . This made - for - TV project also stars David Ogden Stiers , Kathleen York and Jim Metzler . Very good original music by Peter Bernstein .
0 This film , The Alamo : Thirteen Days to Glory , is utter rubbish . The acting is awful , it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best ( Historians would have a field day ) . It does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long . Rating * out of * * * * * * * * * * .
0 The story by Norman Maclean is a masterwork ; Redford 's film is a mediocrity . He adds banal scenes of the Maclean brothers going over a falls and of them double - dating in a seedy bar that were not even hinted at in the story . The cipher , Brad Pitt , trying to play the charismatic Paul Maclean , a genius outdoors , proves either risible or depressing , depending on what the original story meant to you . Some of the fly casting scenes are beautiful . Also , Tom Skerritt as the father and Craig Sheffer as Norman are strong and masculine , as men were once expected to be . None of the women make an impression in the film , which is regrettable , because Maclean loved the women in his story and made this clear , even poetic .
0 The only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery . This movie was long and boring . The minister should have retired from the pulpit the time his son Paul strayed from the teachings he proclaimed . How many times can his boys take the Lord 's name in vain in this film being from a Presbyterian background ? It does n't fit . I wished Paul was swept down the river without a boat at the very beginning to spare us the silly , smirkish , selfish story of Paul ( Brad Pitt ) . So Norm becomes a teacher and Paul becomes a compulsive gambler who Norm wants to rescue but doesn't - so what . It 's very uninteresting . We see the prejudiced whites being stood up to by Paul because of his native American girl . That was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real ' wild western ' . What we only see is a sleepy town where the two minister 's sons have nothing to do but 1 . Norm chase a lame girlfriend and deal with her family and 2.Paul make up dumb stories at the newspaper shop while scratching his head and take a lot of swigs and tie a lot of flies . I 'd rather watch a show about fishing that that film again - which will be never .
0 ... to not live in Montana and especially not to live there at the end of the 19th century.<br /><br />"A river runs through it " certainly is a well made movie from a cineastic stand - point . Great landscapes , Redford acting well.<br /><br />Unfortunately , the story is bad ( if there is a story at all).<br /><br />I felt sorry for the narrator / author , who is as dry , narrow - minded a character as his father , a preacher . Being driven , not driving his own life , he is left to watch his brother , who is also caged in the small town environment , losing his life . The author never even comes close to undestand his brother 's motivations , but at least realizes , that he is lacking the slightest amount of homour / fun . All there is , is fly - fishing , where he follows even as an old man the style of his father.<br /><br />The end is not surprising , it is forseeable from the very beginning.<br /><br />Definitely NOT a must - see ( 3 / 10)<br /><br / >
0 I always felt that a good film should have a plot . This particular film was missing one , and I feel that it would have been more effective with a plot . This was made even worse by the fact that it seemed to go on forever ; I was anxious for it to finally end . However , I just noticed that it was only 123 minutes long ; it felt like four hours . Not only was there no plot but the film also lacked a notable conflict . It 's not the worst movie I 've seen , but I used to say that it was until I saw " The Fast And The Furious " . So , do n't think this review of mine is from someone who needs nothing but action . I actually hate most action films out today ; it 's just that this film is all the way on the other side of the spectrum . Not much really happens in this movie . However , the scenery and costumes were nice .
0 This movie has beautiful scenery . Unfortunately it has no plot . In order to have a plot there must be a conflict . This movie had none . It spent two hours painting a beautiful scene and failed to ever place any activity in it . The picture tries to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.<br /><br />If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just do n't expect a story . There is n't one .
0 This movie has beautiful scenery . Unfortunately it has no plot . In order to have a plot there must be a conflict . This movie had none . It spent two hours painting a beautifule scene and failed to ever place any activity in it . The picture trys to be artistic but fails to pay attentions to the fundamentals of story telling.<br /><br />If you love Montana scenery and fly fishing you will find some value in this film just do n't expect a story . There is n't one .
0 Sorry , gave it a 1 , which is the rating I give to movies on which I walk out or fall asleep . In this case I fell asleep 10 minutes from the end , really , really bored and not caring at all about what happened next .
0 I did n't know whether to laugh or cry at this misrepresentation of Canadian history , particularly the disservice done to the history of the Mounted Police in the Yukon.<br /><br />I'll leave it to Pierre Berton , noted historian , born and raised in Dawson City Yukon , and author of the definitive history of the Klondike gold rush , Klondike : The Last Great Gold Rush , 1896 - 1899 to express my exasperation with this silly movie : < br /><br />The American idea of an untamed frontier , subdued by individual heroes armed with six - guns , was continued in The Far Country , another story about a cowboy from the American west - Wyoming this time - driving his herd of beef cattle into gold country . The picture is a nightmare of geographical impossibilities , but the real incongruity is the major assumption on which the plot turns  that there was only one mounted policeman in all of the Canadian Yukon at the time of the gold rush and that he could not deal with the lawlessness . When James Stewart and Walter Brennan reach the Yukon border with their cattle , the customs shack is empty.<br /><br />"Where is the constable ? asks Brennan.<br /><br />"Up on the Pelly River . Trouble with the Chilkats , " someone replies . He 's got a real tough job , that constable . He patrols some ten or twenty thousand square miles . Sometimes he do n't get home for two or three months at a time . " < br /><br />The historical truth is that the Yukon Territory during the gold rush was the closest thing to a police state British North America has ever seen . The Northwest Mounted Police was stationed in the territory in considerable numbers long before the Klondike strike . They controlled every route into the Yukon and they brooked no nonsense . They collected customs duties , often over the wails of the new arrivals , made arbitrary laws on the spot about river navigation , and turned men back if they did n't have enough supplies , or if they simply looked bad . In true Canadian fashion , they laid down moral laws for the community . In Dawson the Lord 's Day Act was strictly observed ; it was a crime punishable by a fine to cut your wood on Sunday ; and plump young women were arrested for what the stern - faced police called " giving a risqué performance in the theatre , " generally nothing more than dancing suggestively on the stage in overly revealing tights.<br /><br />In such a community , a gunbelt was unthinkable . One notorious bad man from Tombstone who tried to pack a weapon on his hip was personally disarmed by a young constable , who had just ejected him from a saloon for the heinous crime of talking too loudly . The bad man left like a lamb but protested when the policeman , upon discovering he was carrying a gun told him to hand it over . " No man has yet taken a gun away from me , " said the American . " Well , I 'm taking it " , the constable said mildly and did so , without further resistance . So many revolvers were confiscated in Dawson that they were auctioned off by the police for as little as a dollar and purchased as souvenirs to keep on the mantelpiece.<br /><br />In 1898 , the big year of the stampede , there was n't a serious crime  let alone a murder  in Dawson . The contrast with Skagway on the American side , which was a lawless town run by Soapy Smith , the Denver confidence man , was remarkable . But in The Far Country Dawson is seen as a community without any law , which a Soapy Smith character from Skagway  he is called Gannon in the picture  can easily control . ( In real life , one of Smith 's men who tried to cross the border had all his equipment confiscated and was frogmarched right back again by a mounted police sergeant).<br /><br />{in the movie the lone Mountie says } " Yes I 'm the law . I represent the law in the Yukon Territory . About fifty thousand square miles of it." < br /><br />"Then why are n't there more of you?" < br /><br />"Because yesterday this was a wilderness . We did n't expect you to pour in by the thousands . Now that you 're here , we 'll protect you." < br /><br />"When?" < br /><br />"There'll be a post established here in Dawson early in May." < br /><br />"What happens between now and May ? You going to be here to keep order?" < br /><br />"Part of the time." < br /><br />"What about the rest of the time?" < br /><br />"Pick yourselves a good man . Swear him in . Have him act as marshal  " < br /><br />The movie Mountie leaves and does not appear again in the picture . His astonishing suggestion  that an American town marshal , complete with tin star , be sworn in by a group of townspeople living under British jurisprudence  is accepted . Naturally they want to make Jimmy Stewart the marshal ; he clearly fits the part . But Stewart is playing the role of the Loner who looks after Number One and so another man is elected to get shot . And he does . Others get shot . Even Walter Brennan gets shot . Stewart finally comes to the reluctant conclusion that he must end all the shooting with some shooting of his own . He pins on the tin star and he and the bully , Gannon , blast away at each other in the inevitable western climax.<br /><br />To anybody with a passing knowledge of the Canadian north , this bald re - telling of the story passes rational belief . < br /><br / >  excerpt from Hollywood 's Canada , by Pierre Berton , 1975 .
0 The five or so really good westerns that Mann made are unequaled as an ensemble in Hollywood . Even John Ford never made that many with so much quality . The curious thing about them all is how uneven they are . Ford 's My Darling Clementine is worth about two and a half of any of them . Or at least two . < br /><br />The real hero of them besides Mann and Stewart is Chase . Chase being responsible for the brilliant Red River . Chase wrote far country , bend of the river , and probably some others . But none of them are as finished as My Darling Clementine , but then very few films , western or otherwise are . < br /><br />Each of the five films of Mann have huge gaps , or is it six , lets see . Bend , Far , Man of the West , Furies , Winchester 73 , and yep , six , Naked Spur . Each have magnificent scene after magnificent scene , with fairly glaring lapses . Yet so does Red River , which is still the single greatest western ever made . So perfection is n't everything . < br /><br />But The Far Country has huge , huge holes . It 's mawkish , and really comes alive only when Stewart and Mc Entire are locking horns . The rest is pretty pedestrian , with the usual exception of Mann 's camera . Mann 's camera is a one man course in cinematography . It is about as good an eye as anybody who ever got behind a strip of moving film . It is almost never in the wrong place , never . < br /><br />The Far Country has one amazing moment . And as usual it comes from Stewart . Nobody in the history of cinema ever received physical punishment with the authority of that man . He is absolutely amazing : look at him in Bend , Far , Winchester , and Man from Laramie : in Bend has been beaten up and is hanging by a thread so believably and with such boiling hatred he looks like somebody displaced from Dachau , in Far he is shot off a raft with such violence , it looks so convincing that you wince , and of course when he is dragged through the fire in Man , well you find yourself looking for the burn marks . What an actor . Not to mention the moment in Winchester when he is beaten up early in the hotel room , also as well as anybody ever did it . < br /><br />But that was Mann 's territory : look at Gary Cooper fighting with Jack Lord in Man of the West . As painful as any fight scene ever recorded . Cooper while not being quite as convincing as Stewart , nevertheless is somehow his equal in looking exhausted at the end of the fight . In short , nobody but nobody but nobody ever showed the human being in extremis as well as Mann . < br /><br />What a great , great director . < br /><br />See every western he ever made . They are his real monuments , even if all are scetchy . But so what . When he gets roaring with his great scenes they are as good as anybody , including Ford . And his six westerns as an ensemble are the best ever done by anyone , period.<br /><br />Thanks , Anthony .
0 Mann photographs the Alberta Rocky Mountains in a superb fashion , and Jimmy Stewart and Walter Brennan give enjoyable performances as they always seem to do . < br /><br />But come on Hollywood - a Mountie telling the people of Dawson City , Yukon to elect themselves a marshal ( yes a marshal ! ) and to enforce the law themselves , then gunfighters battling it out on the streets for control of the town ? < br /><br />Nothing even remotely resembling that happened on the Canadian side of the border during the Klondike gold rush . Mr. Mann and company appear to have mistaken Dawson City for Deadwood , the Canadian North for the American Wild West.<br /><br />Canadian viewers be prepared for a Reefer Madness type of enjoyable howl with this ludicrous plot , or , to shake your head in disgust .
0 This is an action Western . James Steart leads an all star cast in the scenic Northwest , which is filmed in great splendor . The scenery and costumes are great . There is action and adventure . Stewart plays a wealthy cattleman who runs afoul of a crooked government in the old Nothwest.<br /><br />The main drawback is the stereotypical cynic that Hollywood has always made into a hero . Even when this movie was made , the cynic was the stereotypical hero , and the one Stewart portrays really has few saving graces . He is kind to his two partners , and that does give him an extra dimension of credibility and likability.<br /><br />However , he is so piggish to everyone else , it is hard to really care for him , or to accept him . He is much like the one dimensional spaghetti Western characters ( cut not that bad).<br /><br />Still , the minor characters are quite enjoyable . Walter Brennan , Royal Dano , Harry Morgan , and others make this worth watching .
0 This is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies . Once again it does n't make since . The killer still kills for fun . But this time he is killing people that are making a movie about what happened in the first movie . Which means that it is the stupidest movie ever.<br /><br />Don't watch this . If you value the one precious hour during this movie then do n't watch it . You 'll want to ask the director and the person beside you what made him make it . Because it just does n't combine the original makes of horror , action , and crime.<br /><br />Don't let your children watch this . Teenager , young child or young adult , this movie has that sorta impact upon people .
0 Ah , Channel 5 of local Mexican t.v . Everyday , at 2:00 a.m. they air Horror movies from the 70 's to early 2000 's . It was " Return To Cabin By The Lake " the movie that aired yesterday . I regret for watching it.<br /><br />The original " Cabin By The Lake " was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted . The problem is that this sequel is horrible , not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original . Ugh . The plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.<br /><br />The movie at some points looks like a soap - opera because of it 's absurd dialogs , cinematography , and direction.<br /><br />My advice is : avoid this one at all costs . It 's a movie that it should n't be watched by anyone . Not even for lovers of mediocre film - making.<br /><br />You have been warned .
0 Preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the movie production of the novel he wrote for the garden drownings , assuming the identity of a second unit director he murdered.<br /><br />Film pokes gleeful fun at Hollywood , with a tongue - in - cheek script taking shots at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses( .. looking for a way up the ladder)and dislike anyone challenging them for complete spotlight . Brian Krause , who I thought was dreadful , overacting to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced , portrays the loud , temperamental director who does n't like the fact that his second unit director and screenplay writer , Alison( .. played by Dahlia Salem)seem to be taking over the production . Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons , who is the brother of a victim from the first film . The film 's dark humor this time takes the idea of a serial killer actually operating as director of a movie set and exploits it for all it 's worth . Nelson again ably slides back into his psycho role without any difficulty , with Stanley as clever as ever , using his brains to commandeer a film production , killing whoever he has to in order to maintain full control of his work , letting no one stand in his way .. that is until Alison realizes who Stanley really is . Alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject .. what motivated Stanley to kill , why would he do such a thing , and what led such a man down this dark path ? The humor of Alison actually working with that very man is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller . Of course , you get the inevitable showdown between Alison and Stanley , with a really ridiculous , unbelievable conclusion regarding the killer 's fate( .. quite a hard pill to swallow ) . Unlike the first film , which was photographed with sophisticated polish , director Po - Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques which are not needed( .. such as shooting an all kinds of weird angles , slow - motion in a sepia color , and several instances which are captured on video)and rather annoy instead of impress . This sequel , to me , just was n't on target as much as the original , with a lot of the humor less effective and more obvious .
0 Return to Cabin by the Lake just .... was lacking . It must have had a very low budget because a fair amount of the movie must have been filmed with a regular video camera . So , within the same scene - you 'll have some movie - quality camera shots AND simple video camera shots . It makes for a very odd blend ! I think they should have found SOME way to not do the " home video " type effect ! < br /><br />I think it 's worthwhile to see it IF you have seen the original CBTL because then you can compare and see the differences . But if you have n't seen the original CBTL .... you 'll never want to see it if you see this one first ! It will probably seem way too cheesy and turn you off from even caring about the original one .
0 This movie was made - for - TV , so taking that into account , I 'm not going to rip into it as hard as I would a feature film . The script is sub - par , but it does succeed in being mildly humorous in spots , whether it means to be or not . The acting is mostly over - the - top , but that is true for many lower - budget movies.<br /><br />The aspect of this movie that I really hated , though , was that 90 - 95 % of it is shot on film , but in random places , there will be 5 - 10 seconds where the footage is shot on video . You can tell because there is less contrast , the colors are less vivid , and the footage is clearly 30 frames per second instead of film 's 24 frames per second . I 'm not sure if maybe these scenes had to be shot later and at that time they did n't have the money to shoot on film ( I assume this is why , anyway ) , but it is disorienting and really makes the film look shoddier than it had to look.<br /><br />Anyway , I 've definitely seen worse movies , but I definitely would n't say that I enjoyed this movie and I ca n't recommend that anyone see it .
0 IF you are planning to see this movie , please reconsider . I do n't usually post my comments about something I 've seen on television , but this one was such a waste of my life that I needed to do something productive to get that bad taste out of my mouth . Critiquing this movie would take far too long as there are so many things wrong with it . I will just simply say , please do not ever see this movie . It was a complete waste of my time and it WILL be a waste of yours . Anyone that wrote a positive review of this movie is one of two things ; utterly inept , or working for the company that produced it . Again , I guarantee that you will indeed regret seeing this movie !
0 < br /><br />I saw this on the Sci - Fi channel . It came on right after the first one . For some reason this movie kept me interested . I do n't know why , stop asking.<br /><br />---SPOILERS--- Okay ... It was cheesy how this guy got involved with the making of the movie . In the first movie , he had a " reason " to kill people , but in this sequal , half of the killings / attempted killings were basicly for no reason . Stanley killed the director due to creative differences , he captured the co - writer due to creative differences , but what was the deal with trying to kill off the cast ? No cast , no movie . He wanted it to " look real when they died " ? If this was supposed to be such a high budget movie , use the special effects , MAN . Of course like the first one , the captured girl gets away , and Stanley ends up getting messed up , and dissapears . Woooooow ( sarcasm ) . This movie HAD potential . And the saddest thing of all ... the really sad part ... I would watch a " Cabin by the Lake 3 " . Only because I like Judd Nelson , and he 's the only good part about this sequal .
0 I watched Cabin by the Lake this afternoon on USA . Considering this movie was made for TV is was interesting enough to watch the sequel . So , I tune in for the airing this evening and was extremely disappointed . I knew I would n't like the movie , but I was not expecting to be perplexed by the use of DV ( digital video ) . The movie would have been tolerable if it was n't for these juxtaposed digital shots that seemed to come from nowhere . I expected the plot line to be tied in with these shots , but there seemed to be no logical explanation . ( WARNING : THE FOLLOWING MAYBE A SPOILER ! ! ! ! ) The open ending in Cabin by the Lake was acceptable , but the open ending on the sequel is ridiculous . I can only foresee Return of Return to The Cabin by the Lake being watch able is if the movie was shown up against nothing , but infomercials at 4 o'clock in the morning .
0 * Possible Spoiler*<br /><br />'Return to Cabin by the Lake ' is a useless movie . The acting was not good and the plot was n't even remotely interesting.<br /><br />'Cabin by the Lake ' is a good TV movie . The sequel was not . Judd Nelson was very good in the first film and put a whole lot more into his character than in this . It seemed as if HE was n't even interested in doing the sequel . His acting was good but it could have been better . I really do n't want to comment on the rest of the cast because in my opinion , they 're not even worth mentioning . But I 'll do it . The character of Alison is n't even hardly shown in the first part of the film . All of a sudden she 's the center of attention next to Stanley Caldwell . The role did n't make sense and it should have been thought out a little better . Dahlia Salem was absolutely terrible . Her acting was way below decent and the casting people should have looked for somebody else , anybody else . The director , Mike , was a confusing character . He seemed to have a purpose for being there but it did n't seem like his death was necessary . The acting for this role was good , nothing great but better than Salem's.<br /><br />The plot was real lousy if you think about it . Stanley , who is presumed dead , makes his way onto the set of ' Cabin by the Lake ' , the movie based on his script . He stumbles upon the director and in a short time , the director is dead and Stanley is running the show . Yeah , out of nowhere the crew is just going to let this stranger come into the picture and finish the film not knowing anything about him . There 's some killings , not a whole lot , and the one 's that are shown are ridiculous . One of the actresses on the set gets electrocuted while filming a scene . Another character gets chewed up by a motorboat . And one gets tangled up in a plant before drowning . These writers must have been hard up for excitement.<br /><br />I just have to say that I was not impressed with the filming of the movie . The way that it kept changing from looking low budget back to normal started to become irritating very fast . Also , the new cabin by the lake was poorly created . We are n't shown it but only in a few scenes , and the whole thing with the chain in the basement was useless . It worked in the first film only because we were shown the room a lot more , but it did n't work in this one.<br /><br />There were too many characters in this sequel . All of them except for a few had no reason to be there . The acting of what little is showed was really bad and ... they just did n't have a purpose in this movie.<br /><br />All in all , ' Return to Cabin by the Lake ' is a sequel picking up from where the first left off . ' Cabin by the Lake ' I can take but this was just not impressive . Judd Nelson should have avoided this one and so should you . It 's nothing like the first and it went entirely too slow . Nothing happened in the first hour and it continued to drag on for the second . Not to mention that the writing was horrible . Put this on only if you need some help getting to sleep.<br /><br />So , we see that Stanley defies death and is still alive and well . By the way he talks , it sounds like there could be a possible third installment to a movie good just by itself . Quit throwing in sequels and we may be alright!<br /><br />(Did the film makers not realize that they showed us how they filmed the lake scenes from the first one ? They were all done in a tank . Never , never reveal the secrets of filming.)<br /><br / >
0 A decent sequel , but does not pack the punch of the original . A murderous screenwriter(Judd Nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel CABIN BY THE LAKE . Still ruthless killing , but movie seems very tongue - in - cheek . Any humor is not of the funny kind . Total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times Nelson is way over the top . This movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen ... this should have happened to this script .
0 Return to Cabin by the Lake does not , in any way , stand up to the original . With only one main character ( Stanley ) returning for the sequal , the film is not even worth the 2 hours of your time . I am a huge fan of the first film , the story line and acting was really good , but this is one movie that I will never again watch . It is basically equal to what the sequals to Urban Legends and Blair Witch were like , but with much worse acting . I 've personally seen better acting in soap operas , it is so pitiful that you just have to laugh . I , in no way , recommend this movie to anyone , watching it will just detract from the first .
0 I thought Hedy Burress ( who managed to escape from the watery grave of part one ) was going to be in part 2 Guess not . I just think they should of killed her off like in Friday The 13th Part 2 ( you know what I mean).<br /><br />This movie like Scream 3 , and Urban Legend 2 followed movies within a movie.<br /><br />This was PURE CRAP ! The whole Movie within a Movie crap.<br /><br />BAD STAY AWAY !
0 Viewers gushing over everything including the title sequence ( now THAT is funny ) would have us believe this is some sort of cinematic miracle , but , trust me folks , this is one of the most embarrassingly bad films you could ever see , and if you 're not laughing at it five minutes in , I 'd say you 've lost your sense of humor.<br /><br />David Niven plays a doomed and bravado - besotted RAF pilot who somehow thinks it appropriate to engage an impressionable ( female ) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love , just as he 's plunging to his certain and fiery death . ( Is n't it romantic ... ) Of course , he 's spared by a quirk of metaphysical chance , and washes up on the beach , just as this same air traffic controller is riding by on her bicycle . ( They immediately clinch).<br /><br />Looking past the bizarre homo - erotic subtexts , ( so over the top you really need to refer to them as supertexts , from a naked boy sitting bare - butted in the sand playing the movie 's twilight - zone - esquire theme on his little flute , to a celestial courier so campy / queen - y his makeup is caked on more thoroughly than the ladies ' ) , the most bizarre aspects of the movie are how it weaves such bad caricatures of national and racial stereotypes into a convoluted attempt to argue some kind of point about the universal nature and power of love . We get it -- fly boys like girls in skirts and heels , and girls like 'em back , and , apparently , all you have to do is cry a little to make it noble enough for your movie to get 10 stars on IMDb ... <br /><br />As for the quality of the production , the continuity / editing is poor enough to induce cringing , and the lighting is , perhaps , even worse than that , but you hardly have time to notice because the script is so bad . There are games played with Technicolor , ( whatever passes for heaven is in black and white if you can figure out the sense in that ) , and foreshadowing , ( so funny my fellow audience member who usually like movies like this actually cheered and laughed when then the doc 's motorcycle finally ended up in a fiery wreck ) , and freeze - motion , ( which is funniest of all because the female lead is so poor at standing still you know the stage hands were guffawing off camera).<br /><br />The best shots are the early ones on the beach , but , after that , it 's all downhill . The ( moving like an escalator is moving ) staircase is hardly the Odessa Steps , to say the least , and I 'd really caution anyone from feeling like they 'd have to see this lame attempt at movie - making on their account . The movie overall is bad enough to be funny , and that 's about the best thing I can say for it .
0 I saw this movie recently because a friend brought it with him from NYC . After 30 minutes , I said to him , " You 've got to be kidding . Is this some sort of joke ? " He thought it was good . I told him that I thought it was probably one of the silliest movies ever made . " What was it supposed to be ? " I asked . " A propaganda movie made for children ? " The plot is stupid . The acting is the worst ever for most of the principals and frankly people who look at this sort of tripe and think it has anything to do with life , love or even afterlife , of which it offers an incredibly idiotic view ... need some psychiatric help . Please , if someone tries to get you to stick this in your DVD or Video player , consider it like you would a virus introduced into your computer ... it wo n't destroy your player but it will destroy your evening . If they had made Razzies in the ' 40s , this would have won in every category . ( PS . It also goes under the dubious sobriquet of " Stairway to Heaven . " )
0 Despite a decent first season this series never came close to realizing its potential . Set as a prequel to the original " Star Trek " series it was doomed almost from the start by an executive producer , Rick Berman , who felt compelled to artificially limit and constrict the definition of what a " Star Trek " series could be ( which made this futuristic show increasingly anachronistic from a dramatic standpoint ) . The actual show - runner , Brannon Braga , did n't help matters by his uninspired and tired rehashing of previous Trek episodes and careless disregard of the franchise 's internal mythology ( it was painfully obvious early on that he was in it only for the paycheck ) . Never have I seen a series ' that so consistently did a disservice to a cast of talented actors ( Jolene Blaylock excepted)last so long . It is as if this entire series was produced in bubble existing outside the contemporary television landscape where the audience ( even a Trekker audience ) is more demanding and sophisticated in their dramatic wants and desires . Unfortunately it appears as if Berman and Braga have succeeded in convincing the higher ups at Paramount that " Enterprise " suffered from " franchise fatigue " and that its core audience was did not walk away but was driven off . Produce a quality offering that lives up to the high ideals and standards of its predecessors and they ( the audience ) will come.<br /><br />Simply put , In a TeeVee universe where we are given shows like " Battlestar : Galactica " and " The Shield " the powers - that - be must give the viewing public a " Star Trek " that measures up and is dramatically competitive . It is just that straightforward and easy .
0 Anybody who has ever been a fan of the original series , or even has a clue about the storyline should be embarrassed by this series . The Borg does not come around until Q brings the Enterprise to the Gamma sector , the Klingons are NEVER seen until Kirk encounters them , the NCC-1701 was the FIRST ship to carry the Enterprise name .... need I go on ? Berman and Pilliar have made a mockery of Gene Roddenberry 's creation . After he died , they only saw $ $ $ $ and just went their own way . No wonder Majel Barrett was in every single episode of star trek until this series . I do n't blame her for not being involved with this mess . Poor Bakula . He 's a great actor , as are the entire cast . I like them all , but the storyline is tragic and ignores all of the precedents set by the original series . Just check the ratings . I think more people watched Deep Space 9 ( which was untimely canceled ) .
0 Okay first of all , I did n't sit down to watch the premier of a " Star Trek " Series to see a cowboy flying around in space . this is how a normal Enterprise episode works < br /><br />1 Archer finds a nebula or something aloung the lines of that and wants to take a closer look but it might destroy the ship.<br /><br />2 he sends a shuttle into the nebula and and the shuttle get damaged ... <br /><br />in all of the episodes I have seen , all of the problems are happening because of Archer 's stupid mistakes . Oh and did you see the preview of one episode showing Archer and T'pol kissing ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? I was planning to watch that episode but after that I totally gave up on Enterprise and turned to TV right off . Come on ! ! ! ! This is star trek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />Also what was with the banana slug ? ? In one episode , Hoshi had a banana slug but had to leave it behind for some stupid reason . Okay fine , little dumb to bring you pet slug in space but whatever . Okay that was what I thought until they left it on a desert planet ! ! ! ! ! A BANANA SLUG CANNOT LEAVE IN A DESERT ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! How dumb are these writers < br /><br />Any ways , just saying if Enterprise is on DON'T WATCH IT ! ! ! ! !
0 While it 's early to say how the series will evolve , I can say that the pilot was less than I thought it would be . There is still potential for the series , however . Of course when I first saw Voyager I thought it had potential , too - but was sorely disappointed . My gut tells me Enterprise wo n't be as bad as Voyager , however.<br /><br />As for the impressions of the pilot ... <br /><br />The pilot had some good ideas and good themes . I liked the introduction . The show 's opening credits were interesting , with the progress of exploration and a fitting theme song . Scott Bakula is excellent in the role of captain.<br /><br />Where it fell short for me was largely that the story lacked the " feel " of setting out on a grand adventure . The plot of the episode itself was more a " generic " Trek story with the themes of " exploration " and " first step towards space " merely subplot and subtext . Were you to edit out the references to this being the first deep space mission , the plot would be hard to differentiate between the eras of Enterprise , TOS or TNG . The central plot did n't reflect or do justice to the grand theme of the series.<br /><br / > The plot of launching the first mission would have been grand enough without the " action " . Instead of isolated references to the newness of exploration , they could have been the story . Get a little more nostalgic and philosophical about it ( oh , for a TV show that once again would make us THINK ) . Make us feel the excitement of " the wind " and being on " the sea " instead of distracting us with a rescue and a plethora of gunplay . There was WAY too much gunplay.<br /><br />We had the feeling more that humans were the " freshmen " in an established school . New kids on the block , as opposed to venturing into a largely unknown universe . Sadly , the Klingons landed on our doorstep instead of us finding them . That meeting could have been far more historic and far more sociological . Just how DO two such different societies interact ? Do n't just hint about it , SHOW it!<br /><br />I had to think of it more as ` Trek with an akward crew and limited technology ' as opposed to ` the first brave steps into the unknown ' . I wanted to see something newer and fresher . The series promises to have a new concept but so far I have n't seen this new , great concept.<br /><br />I will conclude with reiterating the sentiment that the series has potential . There are some interesting characters . Bakula is wonderful . Blalock has potential . The overall theme is the most interesting since we first saw Kirk in a world before Apollo 11 . If only future episodes can do justice to this grand and wonderful theme , we will have a show which will create new legends.<br /><br />You shoot an arrow into the air ... Good luck Capt . Archer.<br /><br />To the producers : TAKE MORE RISKS AND MAKE US * THINK * ! :-)
0 I 'm not a huge Star Trek fan , but I was looking forward to this . I was intrigued by the pre - hype descriptions of the Enterprise , its cramped - submarine styling and rough - edged technology compared to the Treks we are used to.<br /><br />I did n't see anything all that interesting in this pilot . I found the plot to be convoluted and confusing.<br /><br />I will admit that I did like some of the character development - the depictions of the humans as an ' adolescent ' species ready to outgrow their britches was entertaining.<br /><br />And that Vulcan babe had one hell of an incredible rack.<br /><br />But I do n't think I 'm going to get hooked on this series.<br /><br />3/10
0 The earlier part of the film was rather enjoyable but towards the end it became trite . Although Turturro is an actor I generally like , his Luzhin often resembled a bad Rain Man impression and the portrayal of the genius as a semi - autistic man was annoying . Overall it seems as if this film is trying to hard and ends up looking pompous in spite of mostly fine performances .
0 a movie that attempts to be far smarter than its makers are capable of producing . the movie twists and turns through miriad plot " surprises " at a desperate attempt to kep the audience guessing , offcourse puncturing the " plot " with steamy scenes they thought would help it along.<br /><br />james belushi is involved in this pseudo - intellectual attempt and just sleep walks through the movie . the same applies for the other " actors " . the plot is quite silly and tacky . whih in itelf is not such a crime , but towards the end , the tremendous plot - twists get very tiresome and boring.<br /><br />however , the movie does manage to generate some interest in the middle . in all worth a lazy watch on a really boring day , but do n't fret if you miss this one.<br /><br />a rather lame 4 !
0 If you can imagine Mickey Mouse as a New York street pimp , or John Wayne as a Communist spy , then you might believe Pat Boone as a juvenile delinquent on his uncle 's farm in Kentucky and you could conceivably enjoy this movie.<br /><br />This film is so stupid that it is n't even campy for a mid 1950s sexless love story . And the problem is that Hollywood made such a big deal about Pat Boone 's refusal to kiss a woman not his wife on screen before its release that the audience knows he wo n't kiss Shirley Jones so you can not build any anticipation for the " screen consummation " of their love . It 's sort of like watching a western in which the cowboys do n't have guns.<br /><br />The story is pointless . Even the title song is sung with pained enthusiasm.<br /><br />April Love belongs in the worst film bargain bin along with Ishtar and Plan 9 from Outer Space .
0 I really wanted to like this western , being a fan of the genre and a fan of " Buffalo Bill , " " Wild Bill Hickok , " and " Calamity Jane , " all of whom are in this story ! Add to the mix Gary Cooper as the lead actor , and it sounded great . < br /><br />The trouble was ..... it was n't . I found myself looking at my watch just 40 minutes into this , being bored to death . Jean Arthur 's character was somewhat annoying and James Ellison just did not look like nor act like " Buffalo Bill . " Cooper was n't at his best , either , sounding too wooden . This was several years before he hit his prime as an actor.<br /><br />In a nutshell , his western shot blanks . Head up the pass and watch another oater because most of 'em were far better than this one .
0 I have always admired Susan Sarandon for her integrity and honesty in her private life as well as her talents as an actor . I therefor found it strange that she would appear in a film that so distorted that facts . Her character 's rescue from the South Pole was done by a Canadian charter company from Edmonton , Alberta flying a Canadian designed and built Twin Otter aircraft . The trip had been turned down by the US Airforce , Navy and Coast Guard as beyond their capabilities . The same company staged a similar rescue a few years later to bring out a man from the South Pole base . I feel that the film fairly represented a very gripping subject and documented a very courageous woman facing a frightening task . I fail to see why the producers would find it necessary ignore the bravery of the rescue pilots and show the rescue plane as a USAF Hercules .
0 Warning Spoilers following . Superb recreation of the base in Antarctica where the real events of the film took place . Other than that , libelous ! , scandalous ! Filmed in Canada ; presumably by a largely Canadian crew and cast . I caught the last half of this film recently on Global television here in Canada . Nothing much to say other than how thoroughly appalled I was at what a blatant piece of American historical revisionist propaganda it is ; and starring Susan Sarandon of all people ! I can only assume that Canadian born director Roger Spottiswoode was coerced to make the USAF the heroes of the film when in fact the real rescuers where a small private airline based in Calgary ; Kenn Borek Air .
0 OK first of all the video looks like it was filmed in the 80s I was shocked to find out it was released in 2001 . Secondly the plot was all over the place , right off the bat the story is confusing . Had there been some brief prologue or introduction the story would 've been better . Also I appreciate fantasy but this film was too much . It was bizarre and badly filmed . The scenes did not flow smoothly and the characters were odd . It was hard to follow and maybe it was the translation but it was even hard to understand . I love Chinese epic films but if you 're looking for a Chinese epic fantasy film i would recommend the Promise ( visually stunning , the plot is interesting and good character development ) not this film . Beware you will be disappointed .
0 Zu Warriors most definitely should 've been an animated series because as a movie it 's like watching an old anime on acid . The movie just starts out of nowhere and people just fly around fighting with metal wings and other stupid weapons until this princess sacrifices herself for her lover on a cloud or something . Whether this princess is a god or an angel is beyond me but soon enough this flying wind bad guy comes in and kills her while the guy with the razor wings fights some other mystical God /Demon / Wizard thing . The plot line is either not there or extremely hard to follow you need to be insanely intelligent to get this movie . The plot soon follows this Chinese mortal who is called upon by this god to fight the evil flying , princess killing bad guy and soon we have a very badly choreographed Uwe Boll like fight scene complete with terrible martial arts on a mountain or something . Even the visuals are weird some might say they are stunning and colorful but i 'm going to say they are blurry and acid trip like ( yes that 's a word!).I watched it both dubbed and with subtitles and both were equally bad and hard to understand .... who am i kidding i did n't understand it at all . It felt like i was watching episode 30 of some 1980 's anime and completely missed how the story began or like i started reading a comic series of 5 at number 4 because i had no clue how this thing started where it was going or how it would end i was lost the entire time . I can honestly say this was one of the worst film experiences ever it was like watching Inu - Yasha at episode 134 drunk ... yeah that 's right you do n't know what the hell is going on . Don't waste your brain trying to figure this out .
0 This is not so much film as big budget children 's television . As far as I can tell , the villain is a giant swarm of chocolate covered espresso beans . This theory seems to be verified by the fact that the subtitles refer to it as ' Insomnia ' . When it 's first mentioned that a civilization had been wiped out by insomnia , I thought " Wow ! A nihilistic martial arts film ! " but no such luck . Although you have to consider it experimental cinema when the villain is strangled by an old man 's long , white eyebrows . Zu Warriors makes exactly the same amount of sense whether the subtitles are on or off . That 's not a good sign . I found the special effects to be somewhere between Ray Harryhausen and Xena : Warrior Princess . Primitive .
0 Watched this on DVD in original language with English subs . Either the subtitling was very poor or the actual dialog does n't make much of story and give any character development . There are quite a few HK stars in this but the movie does n't need their presence to make it better or worse . It 's just bad . The bright and colorful scenes done in CG are attractive for the sheer colors and brilliance but it can get overwhelming before long . If anything this makes me think of a child 's movie with its nonstop barrage of cg , fight scenes , and crap plot . I 'm certain I grasped what took place in the film but the whole delivery of the story was rather lousy .
0 " Spielberg loves the smell of sentiment in the morning . But sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty ? Nobody should love that . " - Lucius Shepard < br /><br />"The Color Purple " takes place in the Deep South during the early 1900s , and tells the story of Celie and Nettie , two African American sisters . The film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers , an idyllic haven which is promptly shattered by the appearance of their stepfather . This motif  innocence interrupted by men  permeates the entire film.<br /><br />The film then launches into a series of short sequences . Celie is revealed to have been twice impregnated by her stepfather , gives birth in a dirty barn , has her newborn child taken away and is forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson , a violent oaf who rapes her repeatedly , forcing her to cook , clean and look after his children.<br /><br />All these horrific scenes are given little screen time , and are instead surrounded by moments of pixie - dust cinematography , a meddlesome symphonic score , incongruous comedy and overly exuberant camera work . The cumulative effect is like the merging of a Disney cartoon and a rape movie , a jarring aesthetic which caused Stanley Kubrick to remark that " The Color Purple " made him so nauseated that he had to turn it off after ten minutes . Ten minutes ? He lasted a long time.<br /><br />The film is often said to deal which " racism " , " sexism " and " black culture " , but this is not true . Alice Walker , the author of the novel upon which the film is based , claims to be a bisexual but is actually a closet lesbian . Her book is a lesbian fantasy , a story of female liberation and self - discovery , which paints men as violent brutes who stymie women . For Walker , the only way out of this maze is for women to bond together in a kind of lesbian utopia , black sisterhood and female independence celebrated.<br /><br />Spielberg 's film , however , re - frames Walker 's story through the lens of comforting American mythologies . This is a film in which the salvific power of Christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of men . A film in which Albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations , moments of misplaced comedy inserted to make him look like a bumbling fool . A film in which all the characters are derived from racist minstrel shows , the cast comprised of lecherous men ( always beaming with devilish smiles and toothy grins ) , stereotypical fat mammies , jazz bands and gospel choirs . < br /><br />This is a film in which black people are naturally childlike , readily and happily accepting their social conditions . A film in which black people are over - sexed , carnal sensualists dominated by violent passions . A film in which poverty and class issues are entirely invisible ( Albert lives in a huge house ) and black men are completely inept . This is not the Old South , this is the Old South as derived from " Gone With The Wind " , MGM Muscals , " Song of the South " , Warner Cartoons , " Halleluha ! " and banned Disney movies . In other words , it 's the South as seen by a child raised on 50s TV . It 's all so cartoonish , so racist in the way it reduces these human beings to one dimensional ethnic stereotypes , that black novelist Ishmael Reed famously likened it to a Nazi conspiracy.<br /><br />Of course , in typical Spielberg fashion the film ends with family bonds being healed . This reconciliation was in Walker 's novel , but Spielberg goes further by having every character in the story reconcile with their kin.<br /><br />Beyond Walker 's hate letter to black men and Spielberg 's bizarre caricaturing of black life , we are shown nothing of the black community . We have only the vaguest ideas as to how any of these characters make a living and no insight into how they interact with others in their community . Instead , Spielberg 's camera jumps about , desperately fighting for our attention ( one of Celie 's kitchen contraptions seems like it belongs in a " Home Alone " movie ) , every emotion over played , the director never stopping to just observe something or to allow a little bit of life to simply pass by . Couple this with Quincy Jones ' ridiculously " white " music , and you have one of the strangest films in cinema history : an angry feminist tract filmed by a white Jew in the style of Disney and Griffith , scored by a black man trying to emulate John Williams.<br /><br />Problematic too is the lack of white characters . Consider this : the men in this film are n't portrayed as being rough to each other , nor do they dominate women because they are brutalised by a racist society which reduces their manhood . No , they are cruel by nature . And the women , whether quietly suffering like Celie or rebellious and tough like her sister , persevere and survive only because the men are too stupid to destroy them . A better film would not have focused solely on the oppression of women as it occurs among the oppressed , rather , it would have shown that it is societal abuse which has led to spousal abuse , that enslaved black women are forced to perform the very same tasks as their male counterparts ( whilst still fulfilling traditional female roles ) and that African American domestic violence occurs largely because of economic factors , women unable to support themselves and their children alone.<br /><br />And so there 's a hidden ideology at work here . Late in the film one character tells another that since he did n't respect his wife , she wound up getting severely beaten and imprisoned by whites . The implication is that blacks need to return to their African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that whites unjustly crush them . ie- Respect one another in your poor minority community and you wo n't run afoul of the dominant white culture . < br /><br />3/10 - A failure to confront sex and lesbianism , inappropriate musical numbers , countless sequence loaded with extraneous visual pizazz , incongruous comic business , emphatic music cues , and wildly hyped emotionality , all contribute to rendering " The Color Purple " worthless .
0 You may consider a couple of facts in the discussion to be spoilers.<br /><br />I'm sorry , but Spielberg did n't deserve to win any Oscar for this piece , and I think the Academy was right in that vote . ( Other Oscars for best actor nominations and such ... that I do n't know about . But it would be hard to justify , given what they were told to do and what you see in the final product . ) The way Spielberg directs this is so contrived , so meddlesome . While watching this movie a distinction made during a Film as Art course I have taken was screaming at me : " Sentiment is honest emotion honestly rendered . Sentimentality is sugary and unreal , a false view of life . " This is over - the - top sentimentality . When in real life to two people ever begin to read out loud in synchronicity , as Celie and Shug Avery do when sitting on the bed going over the letters from Nettie they have found ? There are examples of this type of faux behavior throughout the film : all the men crowding around Miss Millie 's car and then jumping in unison like a flock of birds taking off when she goes to drive away ; Harpo falling through the roofs of various buildings he 's working on ( a cheap slapstick gag ) ; the whole troop of revelers heading from the Jook Joint en masse to the chapel , as if magically entranced by the choir 's singing ... on and on . Nothing rings true . I even wondered if Harpo 's name was chosen purposefully because it 's his wife Sophia 's real name , " Oprah , " backwards . Spielberg is n't above such " cuteness." < br /><br />It 's not that Spielberg is incapable of honestly rendered action and emotion . Schindler 's List was amazing , deeply touching for me , and I greatly admire Saving Private Ryan too for its realism , even if the story is a bit contrived .
0 This is really terrible.<br /><br />The only redeeming feature about this movie is that the next time people ask me what is the worst vampire movie I have ever watched , I would have a suitable reply.<br /><br />I think it is filmed on 35 mm so it is already tacky like hell . I would n't have bothered commenting but I noticed some fanboys ( probably connected to the movie ) had claimed that this was the best movie since the Matrix . Let me debunk the myths and lies.<br /><br />There is nothing good in the movie . Everything yells tacky . The actress is ugly . The fight choreography is the worst I have ever seen . The fight scenes are unbelievably amateurish . Imagine a girl flailing her arms around in a circle helplessly and delivering weak kicks which would n't hurt a kitten . Obviously , the director just pulled people off the street to give them roles in the movie.<br /><br />I know the director did not have much budget for the movie but still better movies have been made on smaller budget before . Unforgivable .
0 Dude , really ! ! ! ! where have you guys been the past 20 years , this is shocking in all kind of ways , horror ? This is a joke , there is nothing wrong with being low budget , but this is a laugh , If you want to look at the classics , Freaks of Tod Browning , the victims of Dracula and Frankenstein , the Undying Monster , Ernest Thesiger , Paul Wegener 's The Golem and the passengers of The Ghost Train , you ca n't compare it , it gives it a bad name , bad acting , bad screenplay etc . Total waist of money and free time , have watched a lot of movies , were as horror is my all time favorite , I really am speechless , have nothing more to say that please do n't do the effort to watch something so daft , please understand
0 Well , you know the rest ! This has to be the worst movie I 've seen in a long long time . I can only imagine that Stephanie Beaham had some bills to pay when taking on this role.<br /><br />The lead role is played by ( to me ) a complete unknown and I would imagine disappeared right back into obscurity right after this turkey.<br /><br />Bruce Lee led the martial arts charge in the early 70 's and since then fight scenes have to be either martial arts based or at least brutal if using street fighting techniques . This movie uses fast cuts to show off the martial arts , however , even this ca n't disguise the fact that the lady does n't know how to throw a punch . An average 8 year old boy would take her apart on this showing.<br /><br />Sorry , the only mystery on show here is how this did n't win the golden raspberry for its year .
0 I 'm in Iraq right now doing a job that gives plenty of time for watching movies . We also have access to plenty of pirated movies , this gem came along with 11 other movies , and this is easily the worst I 've seen in a long time . I 've seen a few other reviews that claim this movie does n't take itself too seriously , but really , I think that 's a cover up for the fact that its horrible . It 's not tongue in cheek , the writers really thought they were improving on the movie Blade . This movie is just one notch above Vampire Assassin , which if you have n't seen , i recommend . At least that movie is so unbelievably bad that you 'll laugh harder than you thought possible . This is right at that cusp of no redeeming qualities what so ever . from the bad acting , to cliché visual ( ie opening credits ) , to the adobe premier special effects . they could n't even get blanks for the guns , which may have to do with where the movie was filmed , but if you 're going to use effects , make them close to accurate . as for the cast , it seems like they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not to ugly chick that walked out . Once again , like Ron Hall in Vampire Assassin , do n't let stunt folk act , they ca n't . Also , the comment about this being a " return of old vampire movies" ... no , it 's not . This is exactly what all new vampire movies are about . Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Blade , Underworld , they 're all about some super star fighting the vampires . This is the newest vampire genre , with bad blood , fake screams , and cheesy over acting . obviously anyone who wrote a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie , or friends of the cast . But what do I care , I paid 33 cents for it . Anyway , to wrap this up , someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie , I give them credit because it 's better than I could do . Of course I also know I ca n't make movies so I do n't try . I do know how to watch movies though . I work 12 hour nights , 6 days a week , I 've seen several thousand in the year I 've been out here and this was so bad that half way through i was hoping for a mortar attack .
0 " Valentine " is another horror movie to add to the stalk and slash movie list ( think " Halloween " , " Friday the 13th " , " Scream " , and " I Know What You Did Last Summer " ) . It certainly is n't as good as those movies that I have listed about , but it 's better than most of the ripoffs that came out after the first " Friday the 13th " film . One of those films was the 1981 Canadian made " My Bloody Valentine " , which I hated alot . " Valentine " is a better film than that one , but it 's not saying much . The plot : a nerdy young boy is teased and pranked by a couple of his classmates at the beginning of the film . Then the film moves years later when those classmates are all grown up , then they 're picked off one - by - one . The killer is presumed to be the young boy now all grown up looking for revenge . But is it him ? Or could it be somebody else ? " Valentine " has an attractive cast which includes Denise Richards , David Boreanaz , Marley Shelton , Jessica Capshaw , and Katherine Heigl . They do what they can with the material they 've got , but a lackluster script does n't really do them any justice . There are some scary moments throughout , however . < br /><br / > * * ( out of four )
0 There 's one line that makes it worth to rent for Angel fans . Everyone else : this is just a very bad horror flick . The female characters are typical horror movies females . They are wooden , annoying and dumb . You are glad when they are killed off . Long live the strong female character in a horror movie ! !
0 There are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad Valentine that I do n't know where to begin . I will say this though ; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the Valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school . You know , the ones with Batman exclaiming " You 're a super crime - fighting valentine!" < br /><br />Valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony , one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of Scream . The villain is omniscient and nigh - invulnerable . The heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders screaming " HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind ! " The score is more overbearing than Norman Bates ' mother.<br /><br />The flimsy plot follows several childhood friends , now grown up and extremely curvaceous . Since the film gives them nothing else to do , they stand around and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one . This stalker appears to be former nerd Jeremy Melton , who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school . With Valentine 's Day approaching , the women begin receiving scary cards foretelling their doom . Melton seems like the obvious suspect . Only problem is , as numerous characters warns , in thirteen years Melton could have changed his appearance to look buff and handsome . So ( insert terrified gasp here ) everyone is a suspect!<br /><br />Here 's problem one . In order to have any sense of suspense while watching Valentine , you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming David Boreanaz . Nerds do n't turn into Angel when they grown up , they turn into older , balder nerds . He 's not a terrible actor , but the script , by no less than four writers , gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and make out . Denise Richards ( the bustiest actress in Hollywood never to star in Baywatch ) is especially exploited ; most shamefully in the blatant excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene . Note to self : always bring a bathing suit to a Valentine 's Day party . Just because it 's February does n't mean you might not feel like taking a little dip.<br /><br />The slasher in Valentine dresses in head - to - toe black with a Cherub 's mask . Here 's problem number two . The filmmakers clearly thought this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who 's whacking people in the face with hot irons . Plain and simple , it 's not . Instead , it just made me wonder how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face , including his eyes and ears , can move so stealthily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables . Then again , given the things the Cupid Killer does , maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands . < br /><br />Not only is the movie bad , it is n't even sure who the killer is ; the final " twist " is more " Huh ? " than " Hah ! " When you 're not scratching your head you 're yawning , then groaning , then searching for the nearest exit . Do not watch this movie . Even if you 're alone on Valentine 's Day , find something , ANYTHING , else to do . You 'll be glad you did .
0 There is no way to describe how really , really , really bad this movie is . It 's a shame that I actually sat through this movie , this very tiresome and predictable movie . What 's wrong with it ? Acting : There is not one performance that is even remotely close to even being sub - par ( atleast they are all very pretty ) . Soundtrack ( songs ) : " If we get Orgy on the soundtrack then everyone will know that they are watching a horror film ! " ; Soundtrack ( score ) : Okay , but anyone with a keyboard can make an okay soundtrack these days . Do n't even get me started on the " What the hell ? " moments , here are a few : Killer can move at the speed of light -- door opens actress turns , no one is there , turns back , there is something sitting in front of her . ; Out of now where The killer shows up with a power drill , a really big one ! The filmmakers get points for at least plugging it in , but can I really believe that the killer took the time to find the power outlet to plug it in . I feel like one of the guards at the beginning of Holy Grail and want to say " Where 'd you get the power drill ? " . I could go on and on about how bad this film is but I only have 1000 words . I will give this 2 out of ten stars . One star for making me laugh and another star for all the cleavage . Seriously , do not waste your time with this one .
0 In an attempt to bring back the teen slasher genre that was taken away by spoofs like Scary Movie and Shriek if you know what I did last Friday the 13th , Valentine fails . Why did people like Halloween ? Because it was original , new and went beyond anything that 's ever been done . Why did they like Scream ? Because at least it made sense . Valentine is just a stupid slasher - flick that has hardly any gore what so - ever . The plot is so similar to Halloween and Urban Legend it 's not funny . And the moment the killer comes on screen , you know who it is , it 's just sssssssssssooooooooooooo predictable . The teen slasher genre is DEAD Get over it!<br /><br />0 out of 10
0 Firstly , there are some good things about this film , but it 's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie . In the advertising of this movie , that I 've seen , a large emphasis was on the fact that Denise Richards is in it , but she 's a poor actress , and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be ( not that that has anything to do with the movie ) . And what 's with that look she gives everyone ? Perhaps it 's part of the character , but like I said , the acting ... Still , the writing is fine . You know who it is all throughout the movie , and you can almost predict what is about to happen , but not in an irritating way . I think the book it 's based on is probably good , judging by the plot line , but next time I 'll read the book to find out rather than watch this .
0 This stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre . A masked killer stalks young , pert girls and slaughters them in a variety of gruesome ways , none of which are particularly inventive.<br /><br />It 's not scary , it 's not clever , and it 's not funny . So what was the point of it ?
0 Valentine is a horrible movie . This is what I thought of it:<br /><br />Acting : Very bad . Katherine Heigl can not act . The other 's were n't much better.<br /><br />Story : The story was okay , but it could have been more developed . This movie had the potential to be a great movie , but it failed.<br /><br />Music : Yes , some of the music was pretty cool.<br /><br />Originality : Not very original . The name ` Paige Prescott ' Recognize Prescott?<br /><br />Bottom Line : Do n't see Valentine . It 's a really stupid movie.<br /><br />1/10<br /><br / >
0 This movie was rented by a friend . Her choice is normally good . I read the cover first and was expecting a good movie . Although it < br /><br />was a horror movie . Which i do n't prefer . But no horror came to mind while watching the movie . It was a dull,<br /><br />not very entertaining movie . The appearance of Denise Richards < br /><br />was again a pleasure for the eye . But that 's it . We ( the four of us)<br /><br />we're a little bit disappointed . But feel free to see this movie and < br /><br />judge it yourself .
0 The Good : I liked this movie because it was the first horror movie I 've seen in a long time that actually scared me . The acting was n't too bad , and the " Cupid " killer was believable and disturbing.<br /><br />The Bad : The story line and plot of this movie is incredibly weak . There just was n't much to it . The ways the killer killed his victims was very horrifying and disgusting . I do not recommend this movie to anyone who can not handle gore.<br /><br />Overall : A good scare , but a bad story.<br /><br / > * * out of * * * * *
0 Its plain to see why the makers of Scary Movie found it so easy to spoof these ' teen slasher ' movies . They are so unbelievably formulaic . And if Valentine had been released a year or so earlier , I 'm sure they would have been spoofing this film too - that 's if they found any actual original material to distinguish it from the Screams , I know what you did last summers , and Urban Legends.<br /><br />Valentine offers nothing new to this genre , except a better than usual ending which , of course , leaves lots of room for the inevitable sequel . As always , a masked psychotic killer stalks a bunch of beautiful young women , killing the main character 's friends , one by one , in typically over the top style . Lots of T&A on display , no character development , bad acting , and overly elaborate bloodshed.<br /><br />The thing I ca n't stand about these kind of movies is that they pass themselves off as ' who done its ? ' . The thing is that they are n't because the motive is only revealed once the killer has unmasked , and tells the main character who 's friends have now all been murdered . Usually something that was never made at all clear during the film anyway ( eg . main character 's mother 's uncle 's fishing partner kicked his friend 's father 's dog ) . Everybody still left alive throughout the film is a ' suspect ' , but they are more ' Red Herrings ' than suspects . As we all know at this point the main character manages an implausible escape and kills the unmasked psycho killer after the motive is revealed.<br /><br />Valentine followed this formula almost to the letter . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * SPOILER ! ! ! ! ! ! ( mini spoiler anyway ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * In Valentine the motive was not revealed , but more , left for you to think about given that the film did n't quite conclude in the typical ' teen slash ' way . The issue is only part resolved , and the goal of the lead killer may or may not have been fulfilled by surviving the bloodshed and killing almost everybody . Will the killer want more , or were the demons truly vanquished?<br /><br />This still did n't make Valentine a good film , instead it simply saved it from being as bad as usual , which still does n't count for much . To anybody thinking of making another film along these lines , please do n't . Originality is so important , and its hard to see any originality coming out of this genre .
0 * * * SPOILERS * * * * * * SPOILERS * * * Are all teen slasher flicks suffering from a drought of originality ? It awfully seems so . First of all , this is a noble premise that could 've been utilized well . A rejected young nerd who grows up , stalks and murders all the girls who tortured the hell out of him when he was in junior high ? Ca n't say you had nothing to work with . But this film goes through the same motions as all the other recent slashers . Everything from the score to the camera angles allow us to predict exactly when a false alarm is coming and exactly when the killer will strike . We know the pattern by now . These stupid slasher movies push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute . Let me ask you something : Who , in their right mind , is going to surprise a friend of theirs in a dark , dreary morgue in the middle of the night and just surprise her out of the blue while she 's all alone and surrounded by corpses ? Does that make any damn sense at all?<br /><br />"Valentine " is only occasionally innovative . One good shot involves the butchering of Denise Richards ' character . She gets trapped inside a pool and the killer pokes at her with a chainsaw . There 's some good songs in the soundtrack , including one cool track by Orgy . The music video is contained in the special features section on the DVD.<br /><br />Even the acting is mediocre at best . The actors all sleep through their roles . Of course , David Boreanaz is often stoic , even in his portrayal as the title character on " Angel . " Denise Richards is a fine actress , though , and she keeps a stoneface throughout the movie.<br /><br />"Valentine " is just like you 'd expect : pretentious , implausible , forgettable , cheesy and without a good scare in sight . Do n't even bother.<br /><br />My score : 4 ( out of 10 )
0 here was no effort put into Valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage slasher film , a sub - genre of horror films of which we have seen entirely too many over the last decade or so . I 've heard a lot of people complaining that the film rips off several previous horror movies , including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie , and as much as I hate to be redundant , the rip off is so blatant that it is impossible not to say anything . The punch bowl over poor Jeremy 's head early in the film is so obviously taken from Carrie that they may as well have just said it right in the movie ( ` Hey everyone , this is the director , and the following is my Carrie - rip - off scene . Enjoy ! ' ) . But that 's just a suggestion.<br /><br />(spoilers ) The film is structured piece by piece exactly the same way that every other goofy teen thriller is structured . We get to know some girl briefly at the beginning , she gets killed , people wonder in the old oh - but - that - stuff - only - happens - to - other - people tone , and then THEY start to get killed . The problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the film mysterious and suspenseful , but they have no idea how to do it . Take Jason , for example . Here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person had , and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the brief history lesson about how bad poor Jeremy was treated , he is assumed to carry some significance . Besides that , and more importantly , he has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in sixth grade , and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all of those vicious Valentine 's Day cards . < br /><br />It is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters that appear to be prime suspects , and Jason is a perfect example of the effort , but not such a good example of a successful effort . Sure , I thought for a while that he might very well be the killer , but that 's not the point . We know from early on that he is terrible with women , which links him to the little boy at the beginning of the film , but then in the middle of the film , he appears at a party , smiles flirtatiously at two of the main girls , and then gives them a hateful look and walks away , disappearing from the party and from the movie with no explanation . We already know he is a cardboard character , but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just took him out altogether when they were done with him.<br /><br />On the positive side , the killer 's true identity was , in fact , made difficult to predict in at least one subtle way which was also , unfortunately , yet another rip - off . Early in the film , when Shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel , he makes no sound , suggesting that the killer might be a female staying silent to prevent revealing herself as a female , rather than a male as everyone suspects . But then for the rest of the film , we just have this stolid , relentless , unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher knife . Director Jamie Blanks ( who , with all due respect , looks like he had some trouble with the girls himself in the sixth grade ) mentions being influenced by Halloween . This is , of course , completely unnecessary , because it 's so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film . The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer 's is that Michael 's mask was so much more effective and he did n't have a problem with nosebleeds . This stuff is shameless . < br /><br />At the end , there is a brief attempt to mislead us one more time as to who the killer is ( complete with slow and drawn out ` and - the - killer - is ' mask removal ) , but then we see Adam 's nose start to bleed as he holds Kate , his often reluctant girlfriend , and we know that he 's been the killer all along . Nothing in the film hinted that he might be the killer until the final act , and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the cleverest way to identify the true killer at the end of the film . Valentine is not scary ( I watched it in an empty house by myself after midnight , and I have been afraid of the dark for as long as I can remember , and even I was n't scared ) , and the characters might be possible to care about if it were n't so obvious that they were just going to die . I remember being impressed by the theatrical previews ( although the film was in and out of the theater 's faster than Battlefield Earth ) , but the end result is the same old thing .
0 This movie in away was super - clever . It 's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made . Valentine makes ZERO attempt to be original . What is valentine anyway ? It 's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier . There is nothing original in Valentine . < br /><br />I only saw it once , and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off . 1.Prom Night 2.Carrie 3.Scream 4.Any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody.<br /><br />I know there is more , but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it could n't grab them as fast as they came.<br /><br />Valentine had no chance of being a good movie . How come every horror movie has to have a " suprise " killer , people you do n't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene . One minute a nice girl turns into an evil B -- ch , then she 's an insecure woman , and so on and son on.<br /><br />Normally any horror movie ( in my book ) can be saved by gore , once again Valentine does n't have this . It was as if they tried to make it PG-13 but failed , so they left the edit . < br /><br />Do not see this overly - inspired , rip - off unless you hate yourself , and you want to die.<br /><br />*1/2 ( 3 ) -J.Leonard Rollins-
0 Well the reason for seeing it in the cinema was that it was a sneak preview , else I would never have seen this terrible teenage slasher movie . I mean have n't we had enough of this yet ? Scream and Scary Movie at least did not take them self serious ! The plot sucks , and the acting is the worst I 've seen . ( Only Godzilla can compare , which is also the only movie that competes in being the worst I 've seen in the cinema with this one.)<br /><br />There is so many plot holes in the story , and the girls are so alike , that you do n't even now who has been killed , and who has not . ( and you do n't care . ) The only of them I knew in advance was Denise , and she was the most talent less actress I have ever seen in this bad excuse for a movie.<br /><br />Stay as far away from this movie as possible . ( 2/10 )
0 " In 1955 , Tobias Schneerbaum disappeared in the Peruvian Amazon . One year later he walked out of the jungle ... naked . It took him 45 years to go back . " Supposedly , " Keep the River On your Right " is " a modern cannibal tale " . In reality , anyone looking for some insight into cannibalism will be sadly disappointed . The first half of the movie is more like a travel log of New Ginuea , mostly touting the native art . The second half relies on still photos of a Peruvian cannibal tribe , but really that 's about it . Unless of course , you are interested in home movies of a Jewish wedding , or Schneerbaum introducing his former male lovers . I give up . Big disappointment and not really " a modern cannibal tale . " - MERK
0 So , where are the cannibals ? Those intrigued by the title and the ' real cannibal ' appeal of this film will be let down . Instead , we are shown a strange man and his re - visiting of a Papua New Guinea village full of natives , one of whom was his lover several decades prior . The man , Tobias Schneebaum is New York Jewish as they come and somehow , this is intertwined with the documentary as he appears in his yamika in several scenes.<br /><br />There are no real cannibals here : only stories relayed by some of the natives and by Tobias himself . Not all together a bad film . Very interesting and great cinematography . Schneebaum remains highly likable throughout and provides us with a fascinating glimpse into a life that is about as far removed from Western Civilization as one can get.<br /><br />It 's just not what it claims to be on the cover and in the plot summary.<br /><br />4 out of 10 , kids .
0 Well , where to begin ? I guess I can start with the general complaint regarding the way in which this film is marketed . Call me ignorant for not knowing of Schneebaum 's book before viewing the documentary that has been based off of it and decide that I have been living under some kind of a rock , but do n't blame me for picking this movie up since the title and the description on the box makes no note of the fact that this " documentary " is actually a companion to said book . Yeah , I felt quite stupid after viewing this little flick seeing as how the reason as to why I sat down to watch it in the first place was to get a good serving of a " Modern Cannibal Tale . " I mean , am I a fool for expecting this film to actually cover most of its story on the behavior of cannibalism in jungle tribes ? I certainly did n't expect an hour and forty - five minutes of one old geezer kissing his own ass by whining about every little detail of his dull and worn out life . I certainly did n't expect the insipid directing and I most notably did not foresee myself laughing so hard at Tobias Schneebaum and all of his off - putting glory.<br /><br />Schneebaum is indeed unlikable . The old man just rambles and bitches the entire film making the whole picture a personal tale of his even though he is n't even that interesting a character to fill a story . Oh really ? He was a cannibal ? Ninety percent of the movie is focused on next to nothing regarding Schneebaum 's dirty past . The only time that we really get to see some cannibal action is when Tobias finally breaks his little silent treatment about what happened to him in Peru and say that he had " a small piece . " That 's it , folks . Ninety minutes of bull later and Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches . It 's like calling a movie " The Life Of A True Don Juan " only to see that the only the time the protagonist of said film did something sexual happened during college when he once played " just the tip . " Unbelievable.<br /><br />The directing is , indeed , superbly ghastly as there is no flow or rhythm to the story that is being told . Alright , I understand that I did n't read Schneebaum 's volume before watching his celluloid tale of it , but I can still recognize some bad pacing and even worse editing . One minute Schneebaum is talking about cruise ships and tourism and the next he 's going on and on about how he ca n't drive and then jumps to talking about some dead relative or some failed and miserable saga in his life . I mean , Jesus , can you at least slam his back story to the first part ; follow up with some stuff covering his homosexuality and then end it off with a hearty look into his visit to Peru ? Also : I do n't particularly care much for Schneebaum 's insipid little quips on life and living , but I at least implore the old man to keep consistent with his ramblings . If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle I do n't expect him to suddenly bitch and moan about wanting to go back home twenty minutes later . Absurd.<br /><br />Another note on the directing is the random clips from the story at hand to the small little television appearances in which our hero has appeared . While some might find the clips to be fancy little breaks from the story , the director has overused the gimmick and broken his entire film into pieces by seemingly attempting to place most of the efforts of telling the story on the old reels.<br /><br />The bottom line , here , is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud . Pure and simple . I know that I have n't read the book , but I 'm still holding on to the argument that this film is totally useless by noting that a good film must stand on its own . This documentary relies way too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum 's work and instead goes on from that assumption like a supplemental disk found on a DVD . Schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy , striking a sour combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably un - riveting . If you 're looking for a solid piece on the nature of humans and cannibalism , turn away because " Keep The River To Your Right " is an embarrassingly hilarious self - serving rant over a man who is long overdue for a straight - jacket and a gag .
0 I Am Curious is really two films in one - half of it is the sexual experimental side of Lena and the other half is her curiosity with political / socialism . Whatever the director 's intention , the two do n't really mesh together . The director should have just stuck with the romantic side of Lena and made a separate movie for the politics . There is a bizarre mixture of political / war rallies , Dr. King , serious political interviews , flopping breasts , and pubic hair . The film feels more like a fictional documentary than a movie . Other than the interesting sex scenes , you 'll be bored dry watching this film . Unlike many other reviewers , I think the nude / sexual scenes are overdone for what it is . If you want to see real porn , I 'm sure there are better choices . The pervasive nudity is a major distraction from whatever plot there is . I think the cast did a fine job however . They played their parts believably . There is little of the over - the - topness I 'm so used to seeing in the American films during this time .
0 This film , once sensational for its forward - thinking politics and depictions of free love and sexual liberation , has been reduced by time to a mere curiosity . It seems absurd now that this mostly boring little film had been banned and seized by governments in many countries . Given how socialistic Sweden eventually became , the ' radicalism ' of its politics , once controversial , appear naive and almost mainstream four decades later . And its sex scenes , at one time the subject of sensational obscenity trials , look pretty tame in a modern context . Nevertheless , the film and accompanying documentaries detailing its many controversies and influences remains marginally watchable as an early reliquary of 60 's youth rebellion . One part of the film that still holds up : its self - consciousness with respect to the ' fourth wall ' . Every once in a while , the filmmakers film themselves making the film . The satiric playfulness of this still elicits a chuckle .
0 The plot line of No One Sleeps is not a bad idea , and the subject matter is of quite a bit of interest . But , throughout watching this film , we were saying aloud , " These filmmakers go to the trouble of finding good locations , the lighting is good , makeup and hair are good ... why is the sound so bad ? " Throughout the film the sound was echoy , garbled and much of the dialog was unintelligible.<br /><br />There is some good acting in this film , and I think Jim Thalman is really a good actor . This story , with some of the same actors , would have been worth doing as a high - budget film.<br /><br />I just ca n't reiterate enough - if you have a limited budget , dedicate more to good sound . Sound is as much a part of a film as the image , and it 's worth doing right . Could 've earned a 6 .
0 Hail Bollywood and men Directors ! < br /><br />Really this is the ultimate limit in utter sacrifice made by Indian Woman ! ! < br /><br />Viewing the current state of affairs in India where The wives are becoming more vicious day by day and are very possessive about their husbands - the Directors .. also can be called Uncle Scars ( refer movie The Lion King ) came up with a very new concept on how both the kept and the wife can live together happily ever after sharing everything between themselves ... including the spermikins ! ! < br /><br />Story line : Married couple - very happy - but accidentally a mishap happens and wife has a miscarriage - lost the foetus along with the capacity of ever becoming a mother ! < br /><br />Now in in India , the in- laws usually drive away the daughter- in- law if she fails to give them an heir ! So the wife hits upon a major plan - surrogate mother ... but the scientists intervened - " Sure artificial insemination " - NO said the artist ( Director actually ) - " Neighbourhood will come to know that the daughter - in - law is barren so they are going for surrogate mother ! ! < br /><br />Neighbours ! society ! ! gosh the same ones who watch Fashion TV day and night - watching girls between the age group of 14 to 40 ... al in bras and panties - well those neighbors suddenly take an upper hand in family planning and decision making ! ! < br /><br />SO the wife sends away her husband to a beer bar where girls are dancing on the stage - all mostly uneducated and illiterate - but men love such women as they can satisfy their egos a lot ! < br /><br />He hires the lead dancer in the pub - asks her to bear his baby - in exchange for money - she agrees - she comes home - becomes pregnant - wife and kept - both co - exist in the same house - in the mean time the prostitute also gets a taste of household life - so much caring people around - she misses them all and cries silently ! ! In the mean time - no one in the family comes to know that the real daughter in law is roaming around with a pillow beneath her petticoat ! ! - the mother or other elderly people never took her for check - ups - nor did they try to feel the baby 's movements in the womb ! !
0 This movie is traditional bollywood fare as far as the star power , sentimentality and love triangle of emotions . What really bothered me about this movie was the makers ' absurd notion of surrogate mother . A whore who conceives a child with someone after have sex with the man ( of the family desiring a child ) is not a surrogate mother . Neither is she a good candidate for a surrogate mother . I have seen Indian movies and television shows that made 10 to 15 years ago that dealt with this issue more intelligently . The whole concept of the movie is ridiculous and absolutely implausible . I realize that most bollywood movies are n't meant to be plausible , but they do n't pretend to be either . This movie wants us to emote along with the characters , but this ca n't done with such a ridiculous , contrived conflict . I would have expected better from Abbas and Mustan .
0 I wonder if there is any sense of sense in this movie . Its a big joke . Good .. Its entertaining .. You get to see the most stupid plot played very seriously in the form of a film .. I wonder which audience group this movie is basically targeted to.<br /><br />Priety ( a pros ) plays a surrogate mom for a happy couple Salman / Rani who want a child but ca n't . I wonder how it would be if this drama was a real - life take - off from a real couple 's life.<br /><br />Rani appears happy with another pretty lady in her house who has been brought in to make a child for her & Salman . She cares for Priety and tries pushing her husband Salman to Preity so they may have some romance . When will the audience get fed up of Salman 's nakhras.<br /><br />Though a good past - time , this movie is unbearable . Absurd .
0 The TV guide calls this movie a mystery . What is a mystery to me is how is it possible that a culture that can produce such intricate and complex classical music and brilliant mathematicians can not produce a single film that would rise above the despicable trash level this film so perfectly represents . This is Bollywood at its best / worst , I honestly can not tell the difference . Nauseatingly sweet , kitschy clichés on every level , story - line , situations , dialog , music and choreography . To put it bluntly , you must be a retard to enjoy it . I watched it to satisfy my cultural curiosity , but there were times when I had to walk away from it , because I could not take it any more . The only redeeming quality of the movie is the exquisite beauty of the leading actresses . < br /><br / >
0 ... but the keyword here is " usually . " I have been known to adore movies EVERYONE thinks are dumb . But in the world of B - rated movies , THIS one is Z - rated . Absolutely ridiculous . The thing I respect about most of my favorite B - rated movies are that they do n't take themselves too seriously . The makers of movies like that sort - of treat the movie lightly , even if it 's a heavy topic . I get the impression , however , that the producers of this movie took themselves way to seriously , like they were putting together a 10-star classic , complete with poor attempts at poignant lines and dumb camera shots . Nevertheless , despite all this , I STILL gave it 4 out of 10 stars , as I am biased towards movies like this . If you 're a B - rated fan , however , I would try too hard to find this one .
0 Do n't even ask me why I watched this ! The only excuse I can come up with that I was sick with Bronchitis and too weak to change the channel . :) It 's too terrible for words , the movie that is , not the Bronchitis . The acting is deplorable , Richard Grieco hams it up as a trigger - happy , gun - slinging serial killer with a penchant for knocking off cops . Nick Mancuso phones in a performance as the cop on his trail and Nancy Allen manages to put in the only sympathetic role in the entire film . The script is dismal , peppered with clichéd lines , " Are you ready , Pardner ? " purrs Richard Grieco to every single one of his victims . Dire . Avoid .
0 The French film " Extension Du Domaine De La Lutte " directed by iconoclast film maker Philippe Harel is based on the book of the same name written by a controversial writer Michel Houellebecq . He has also worked on this film 's scenario . According to British cinema magazine Sight and Sound , it is also known as " Whatever".This film has been hailed as a breath of fresh air for French cinema due to its not so common theme of sexual politics and its implications on two stupid information technology workers . The film is marred by its much too evident voice over which introduces us to the main character . This makes us viewers feel as if we are watching a book that is bring read . The basic premise of problems related to loneliness due to chronic sexual drought is fine but the film goes out of hand once the hero starts recounting the misery faced by him and his friend . Instead of sticking to its main topic the film veers in other directions leading to its downfall . Beware : some women viewers might find not only the film but even its two heroes as moronic misogynists .
0 Two years ago , on Berlin Film Festival we watched the Amos Kollek movie " Sue " in the Panorama program , with a wonderful Anna Thomson in the leading part . It 's a film about loneliness and sex , and how the one thing is compensated by the other . In the same section on the Festival now we have to complain the superfluous antithesis of Sue , " Extension du domaine de la lutte " , which now tries to convince us that loneliness and having NO sex is one and the same problem . But unfortunately we ca n't sympathize with " our hero " ( how he is called by the story - teller ) , because he is unnecessarily and incomprehensibly tired of company and himself . Own fault , I 'm sorry . I ca n't understand him . Not enough , the writer / director / actor want us admitting to him , that it 's not his destroyed self - consciousness or the passivity of his personality , what brought him so far , but the rotten society and its image of sexuality . Yes , there are some deeper insights about gender relations , but we wo n't follow him so far ... And the point is , that there is rather any sign of reflection about his own portion to the fate , having no sex . Who did n't notice yet , it 's a quite depressing film ... <br /><br />In the beginning , there had been some starts to be more accurate in sketching the situation . At the bed store the " hero " speaks about the hindrances buying a new bed . Perhaps it 's too broad getting up the stairs , you have to stay at home half a day ... THIS is a satire about a character , who does n't know taking the life and heart in hands , DOING something ... The movie doesn`t follow this path , but handles his characters with helplessness . Nobody believes , that " our hero " is able to instigate Tisserand for a murder . Too dull , too kind , too - passive ( not to mention Tisserand 's complex ; he has an inhibition , but he could n't be , of course , a murderer of women ! ) . To finish : There are women and the world , it 's not a device of a modern sexualized society . Help you as you can , but do n't follow the messages and the " wisdom " of this movie , which announces bankruptcy to human relationships , without seizing the real conflicts within .
0 Blank check is one of those kids movies that could have been a great suspense thriller for the kids but instead it 's a tired lame home alone ripoff that is n't worth a dime . Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from jail and gets his hidden million dollars from a big score and then we meet Preston a frustrated kid whose room is taken over by his brothers to start a business and obviously dad treats his brothers better because they make money the same day he goes to a kid 's birthday party and since his dad is a cheapo he goes on little kids rides while the other kids go on roller coasters then he receives a birthday card and a check of 11 bucks how cheap is this family ? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the gorgeous Shea Stanley were her parents mets fans ? he finds out he needs 200 to open a account meanwhile quigley gives his million to his banker friend and finds out the bills are marked so he will send a lackey named juice to get the unmarked ones when Preston leaves his bike gets run over by quigley he 's about to write a check when he spots the cops and bolts back home his parents scolded him about his busted up bike and gets grounded what ? their kid got almost run over and they worried about a bike ? So Preston forges a million dollar check via his computer and comes back only to be escorted to the banker thinking that he 's juice he gives Preston the money but the real juice came and realized they been duped by a kid ! So Preston buys a mansion under the name Macintosh gets a limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on a epic shopping spree then he spots Shea and talks about opening his account kid you 're loaded and you 're talking about opening an account ? We soon realized Shea is actually an FBI agent tracking down quigley and his two other accomplice 's then he told his cheapy dad he 's got a job working for Mr Macintosh and spends the day riding go karts playng vr games and hanging out with his limo driver buddy then he goes out on a date with Shea in a fancy restaurant what a 10 year old wining and dining a 20 something FBI agent ? Afterwards he takes her to a street geyser and playing around in the water messing up Shea 's 300 dollar dress yet she takes it well if this was a bit realistic she would slap him for messing up her expensive dress so quigley and the others still mad interrogates a little kid and quickly spills the beans and Preston is being chased by quigley in a scene taken from the original script and afterwords he is hosting Mr Macintoshs birthday which is really his birthday when he discovers he could n't pay for the party he sits in his chair and dad talks to MacIntosh which he does n't know it 's his son he 's talking to and talks about Preston should be a real kid and has his whole childhood ahead of him and wants Preston to go home early what ? an hour ago you were grilling him about his finances ! so Preston asks everyone to leave and sits alone pondering when quigley and the others break in to the house to make Preston pay and so he faces then in a finale that rips off home alone quigley gets spun around in a ball while Preston is driving a go kart juice gets hit in the groin and more antics ensue until the trio get Preston cornered and when it seem all hope is lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day and so quigley and his crew get sent to jail but is there any hope for Preston and Shea ? there is and she kisses him in the lips what ? what ? what ? A grown woman kissed a kid in the lips . come on is she mentally disabled ? I mean an FBI agent who knows the country 's laws would risk her career to kiss a kid ? she could get arrested on the spot ! and the most creepiest part of all is that is n't goodbye and she 'll see him in 6 or 7 years ! oh dear and so he comes home to his family celebrating his birthday so the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought ? What are they smoking ? The bottom line is that is a waste of time the morals are whacked it 's flat as a tortilla the kid is annoying the villains are lame the comic relief is n't funny the brothers are unlikable the dad is even worse the romantic subplot is creepy the plot 's shallow and the only saving grace is the cinematography from bill pope which went on to shoot the matrix trilogy and two of the spider - man films so people do n't waste your money and go watch home alone instead . < br /><br />This has been a Samuel Franco review .
0 Blank Check is a movie that I saw on TV one day and like most movies they air on TV Blank Check was n't that good . First of all no one I have ever met has seen Blank Check and that includes people that grew up in the 90s . Also Blank Check wo n't be remembered in the 00s either simply due to the fact that it will be overshadowed by pixar 's films . I would n't call Blank Check a bad film but its not really entertaining either . ( Or at least it is n't to anyone over the age of 6 ) Blank Check is n't a entertaining film because nothing about it is original . Everything just makes you go " what have n't I seen this before ? " Blank Check rips off and tries to cash in on everything from Richie Rich to Home Alone ( Which strangely enough both have Macaulay Culkin in it ) Blank Check is n't a bad movie , but it deserves to fade into obscurity .
0 I saw this movie once a long time ago , and I have no desire to ever see it again.<br /><br />This movie is about Preston Waters , a hard - lucked preteen , who always seems to be overlooked by his family and who always seems to be short on cash . All this changes when a bank robber runs over Preston 's bike and passes him a blank check as compensation . Preston uses the check to withdraw $ 1 million from the bank ( ironically , the money belongs to the bank robber who gave him the check ) . Preston then buys a mansion and says that he 's working as the assistant of a mysterious and wealthy backer named Mr. Macintosh ( named after his computer ) . After that , he just goes crazy with the money.<br /><br />On paper , this sounds like a great idea . However , on screen , it is one of the emptiest movies I 've ever seen . For one thing , it 's too unbelievable . I know some parts of the movie were meant to be incredible , but I draw the line at a twelve - year - old boy going out with a thirty - year - old woman , and being put in charge of a imaginary person 's small fortune . Also , this was a shallow movie with weak acting , a predictable plot line and characters who are less than memorable . The characters were either cheesy , over the top , annoying , or underdeveloped . But " Juice " was a funny character.<br /><br />If you 're looking for a good movie to watch with your family , skip this one .
0 The worst movie I have seen in a while . Yeah its fun to fantasize , but if that is what you are looking for , I suggest you see Brewsters Millions . This was just terrible and corny and terrible at being corny . Unless you are five or like terrible movies , do n't see this one .
0 Blank Check is easily one of the worst films of the nineties . The plot is completely pointless ; its overtones of lonliness are pathetic . Do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film , like buying a mansion for a mere $ 300 grand . The notion , let alone the bargain - basement price , will only be believed by the most gullible viewers . Please , respect your intelligence and do n't watch this awful , awful film .
0 I almost called HBO and demanded my money back for the month just because they 've been airing this movie . I can just see the movie execs sitting around going , " Okay , we need to come up with something that 's just like Home Alone , only we 'll add a bunch of cash for the kid , hire cut - rate actors , and oh yeah , we 'll make it a lot less funny!" < br /><br />Okay , maybe not the last part , but that 's basically what you 've got here . Not even worth seeing if someone else rents it . And as a movie for kids ? Forget it . I would n't let my kids see this , not necessarily because of bad - taste jokes , but because I would n't want them to say , " What were you thinking showing us that lame piece of garbage , Dad ? ! ? ! "
0 This movie is really goofy ! I saw it as an 11 year old , and even then I thought it was pretty ridiculous ! I would only recommend this film to kids under the age of 12 . I really did n't care for it , but I do think that it answers some very good questions that kids need to be aware of , such as : 1)Does money buy happiness ? 2)Should I lie ( to my parents ) about things I think they would n't approve of ? 3)Does money buy friendships ? 4)Is money everything ? 5)Shouldn't I tell my parents when someone is trying to hurt me ? Granted , these are very unrealistic situations , but I do think that if parents discussed these issues with their children , maybe they should watch this video as well , in order to show / scare their kids that lies have the potential to get you hurt .
0 A young boy comes into a lot of money and promptly begins to live it up . Unfortunately , the man whose money it really is happens to be very bad . He wants his loot back . When he discovers who has the bucks , he begins trying to get it back . He keeps getting foiled by this little kid who is just lucky enough to keep from falling into the evil man 's hands . Sounds familiar , I 'll bet . Very predictable , not interesting at all . Come up with something a bit different , ok guys ?
0 Bad Actors , bad filming , choppy dialog , shallow characters , but then again it was a bad premise in the first place . Basically , an 11 year old who is bullied because he has very little money is given a blank check by a moronic criminal . Of course , the 11 year old happens to possess enough technology and intelligence to purchase a house , cash a check for 1,000,000 dollars , and even foil three bumbling idiots , reminiscent of the three stooges . < br /><br />Preston Blake is an annoying , obnoxious , boy , who decides that , when written a blank check by a complete stranger , he will take advantage of the situation as best as he can . In other words , he wanders into a bank , < br /><br />hands a teller a check he makes in his printer , and miraculously walks out with a million bucks in cash . Preston is also apparently capable of reaching incredible speeds on his bicycle , due to the fact that a man driving a Jaguar after Preston and his 10-speed could not catch him , even when Preston jumped a row of cars.<br /><br />Of course , with every hokey adventure movie , there has to be hot heroine . In this case our hot heroine is a child molesting FBI agent who dates the eleven year old Preston , and promises another date when he turns 17 . < br /><br />However , the absolute worst aspect of this film was not its casting , nor its sloppy dialog , such as " The only other way I could think of skinning a cat is to stick a hose up it 's butt and then pick up the fur " . It was , rather , the entire fact that nobody in the entire film seemed to realize that the FBI does not give a damn about random people . What I have failed to explain is that Preston uses the alias " Macintosh " to masquerade as an entrepreneur of sorts . Of course , the FBI finds this intriguing and sends our young heroine after Preston , who uses his 11-year old wit to first scream when lobsters fall on his face , then treat her to hamburgers , finishing with a ridiculous romp through a cemented area where water jettison 's from the ground . Our heroine fails to realize during this whole adventure that the criminal the FBI is pursuing is slipping and sliding right behind the two , as they make their way to Preston 's limousine , complete with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails to provide cheap , 3rd rate laughs that the whole family can choke on.<br /><br />Overall : 1/10 is incredibly gracious for this film . I do n't see how it only has a 4.4/10 .
0 Bad plot , bad dialogue , bad acting , idiotic directing , the annoying porn groove soundtrack that ran continually over the overacted script , and a crappy copy of the VHS can not be redeemed by consuming liquor . Trust me , because I stuck this turkey out to the end . It was so pathetically bad all over that I had to figure it was a fourth - rate spoof of Springtime for Hitler.<br /><br />The girl who played Janis Joplin was the only faint spark of interest , and that was only because she could sing better than the original.<br /><br />If you want to watch something similar but a thousand times better , then watch Beyond The Valley of The Dolls .
0 Larry Buchanan . Yep , same guy who did " Attack of the THE Eye Creatures " and two ( count 'em : TWO ) conspiracy movies about Marilyn Monroe . He 's to blame , here.<br /><br />Adding onto his ever - growing pile of folders left over from Oliver Stone 's " eh - I - grew - out - of - it " conspiracy drawer , here 's " Down On Us ( i.e.- " Beyond the Doors " ) which is the working definition of historical inaccuracy.<br /><br />Forget everything you THOUGHT you knew about Jimi Hendrix , Janis Joplin and Jim Morrison , says Big Lar ' , cuz this is the real deal ! Y'see , the three big names in rock of the ' 60s were KILLED BY THE GOVERNMENT because they were subversives or counter - productive to Truth , Justice and the American Way , or sumpthin ' like that there . I knew it all along.<br /><br />Anyway , three people ( Chatman , Meryl , Wolf ) who look eerily like their real life shadows ( that is , if you completely close your eyes , turn your backs and walk five miles away from them ) show that instead of their recorded deaths , the good old US of A put hits out on them ! Yep , it 's the truth!<br /><br />Man , I can not believed I watched this movie . It 's facts , when not stretching credibility to the snapping point , are ludicrous ; the acting makes TV commercials look like high drama and if you honestly watch it through to the end , you deserve the " twist " ending . You really , really do ; I swear . Genius.<br /><br />But like the man said : " Rock and roll is dead - long live rock and roll." < br /><br />Not this flick , though.<br /><br />No stars for " Down on Us " . And that 's the movie audience describing the film , by the way ....
0 what ends up killing this movie is its self - consciousness , among other things . here 's a short list : 1 . irreverent behavior . when the beatles came over and injected their brand of " quirky , irreverent " behavior / humor , it was greeted as fresh . that was over 4 decades ago . get over it.<br /><br />2 . false sophistication . spewing out base , quasi - socio - political - isms is hard ground to make work comically . ask woody allen.<br /><br />3 . the post - modern " i 'm hard on this phony world and yes , i recognize it in myself " snake eating itself - used as illustration with another animal in the film itself ! - is such a retread.<br /><br />4 . smarmy , smug drollness.<br /><br />5 . amateurish writing , acting , direction ... ever seen student films ? a victim of itself , about the only thing i can say positive is that it at least has a sense of itself , and sheesh , now i 'm getting caught up in the self - reflexive thing that it posits as worthwhile , of value.<br /><br />but towards ... what ? ultimately , it just rings as hollow as any other pretentious piece - hey , ever see woody allen 's take on bergman , ie : " Interiors " ? ? ? well , this just does it more amateurishly .
0 Not to be confused with the Madonna film " The Next Best Thing " , " The Last Big Thing " is a silly , campy , off - the - wall comedy about a man who yearns to start a magazine called " The Next Big Thing " which reviews a variety of up and coming artists . This low budget indie makes " Chuck and Buck " look like a masterpiece . Fraught with lousy acting , poor sets and costuming , etc . , " ... Thing " has earned some awful reviews and to date has only been nominated for one fringe award . Pass on this one .
0 After reading the book , I loved the story . Watching the movie I was disappointed that so many changes were made . It is understandable that books and movies differ but it was two different stories , only the names and some of the book 's story remained . Read the book and you 'll have a better understanding of the movie . The book gives you a better development of the characters . These characters are extremely interesting and make you care about them . The locations were indeed in line with the book 's descriptions . Some characters not included . Television has microwaved so many great books and stories , this is a perfect example of that . Input from the author does n't always insure a good movie but it can help sometimes .
0 I read the book and really enjoyed it from beginning to end . However , when I saw the movie I was very disappointed . First of all , no disrespect to Deborah Raffin but she was too mature to play a woman of 24/25 . The late Christopher Reeve was also miscast - same reason . Will , according to the book , was around 30 . I would have love to see a little more exploration of his military life , his friend Red , Elly 's trip to see him as that was an important part of the characters ' storyline development . Also Miss Beasley was miscast as the book mentioned her being a Plus Size lady . I know the movie did n't have the budget of the " Bridges Of Madison County " which I believe was released around the same time . < br /><br />But to me this was a very poorly made , low budget , miscast movie . As someone mentioned , I wish that Miss Spenser would come out of retirement and write screenplays for her books as they ought to be . She knows her characters better than anyone , I hope that she would consider doing the casting too . The movie let me down !
0 I 've seen my fair share of badly thought - out endings and final twists to films , but I do n't recall any film that committed outright suicide like this one did.<br /><br />The film makers were clearly hoping that the great twist would ' surprise ' us all .... and it did , but perhaps not in the way the directors had hoped . I was left feeling surprised that Connery , Harris , Fishburn and Capshaw had anything to do with this turkey , individually or collectively.<br /><br />The film up until the final thirty minutes was rather engaging and I like the way the story was unfolding and the nature of the film overall . But once the twist was revealed , the plot holes and inconsistencies were remarkable , the underlying motive for revenge was ill - conceived and the ways things so neatly worked out for Bobby Earl was ridiculously far - fetched . What 's worse is that , once the twist was revealed , the remainder of the film became excruciatingly predictable.<br /><br />Harris gave a terrific performance and Connery is like Morgan Freeman in that he never gives a bad performance , even if the movie ai n't that great ! So all in all , it starts well and the unfolding keeps the viewer interested . The last 30 minutes is one of the most memorable nose dives in the history of cinema .
0 Paul Armstrong is a liberal , Scottish - born , professor of law at Harvard , known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty , who is hired to take on the case of Bobby Earl , a young black man from Florida who has been convicted of the rape and murder of Joanie Shriver , an eleven year old white girl . Earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is Blair Sullivan , a serial killer already under sentence of death for several other murders . Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row , hoping to persuade him to confess to Joanie 's murder , thereby saving Earl from the electric chair . < br /><br />At first all goes well . Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the appeal court quashes his conviction . As this development takes place only a little after halfway through the film , it is at this point that alarm bells will start ringing in the mind of the viewer . " Warning ! Major plot twist ahead ! " And so it proves . The anticipated twist soon materialises . Earl , it transpires , is actually guilty of the crime of which he has just been acquitted , and probably of several others as well , but hatched a diabolical plan together with Sullivan in order to secure his freedom ; Sullivan will confess to Joanie 's murder if Earl will murder his parents . ( Just why Sullivan wanted his parents dead is never precisely explained ) . Armstrong now finds that he is himself in danger from the man whose life he has just saved ; Earl has a grudge against Armstrong 's wife , herself a lawyer , who acted as Counsel for the prosecution in an earlier case when Earl was accused of rape . < br /><br />"Just Cause " is an example of the auto - cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to indulge , cobbling together one film by recycling themes and plot devices from a number of others . The first half owes an obvious debt to films like " Intruder in the Dust " and " To Kill a Mockingbird " ; about the only difference is that the Sheriff who beats a confession out of Bobby Earl is himself black , whereas in earlier films he would have been white . ( Police brutality is now an equal opportunities activity ) . The central twist in the plot was borrowed from Costa - Gavras 's " Music Box " , although in that film the revelation does not occur until the very end . The finale , in which a lawyer , his wife and their young daughter are in danger from a former client , is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of " Cape Fear " , which also take place in the swamplands of the American South . Ed Harris ' characterisation of Sullivan as a Bible - quoting religious maniac is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro 's character in the Scorsese version of " Cape Fear " , made four years before " Just Cause " . < br /><br />(There is a postscript . Just as " Just Cause " borrowed heavily from several other movies , seven years later its central plot twist was , in its turn , to be blatantly plagiarised in the Ashley Judd vehicle " High Crimes " ) . < br /><br />The trouble with this style of film - making - by - numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguished than those which inspired them . The whole is normally very much less than the sum of the parts , and " Just Cause " is a much lesser film than any of those which were cannibalised to make it . Harris is normally a gifted actor but this is one of his weakest performances , largely because he is not so much playing a character as playing de Niro playing Max Cady . Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl the ( supposedly ) innocent young man of the early scenes , but unconvincing as Bobby Earl the murderous psychopath of the later ones . Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black Sheriff are rather better , but neither is good enough to save the film . ( Connery and Harris were to act together in another , better , film , " The Rock " , the following year ) . < br /><br />There is another problem with " Just Cause " . The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal " issue " movie , anti - death penalty , anti - racist and critical of heavy - handed policing . The second half looks more like the work of a die - hard reactionary , preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards , that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair , that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that police officers who beat up suspects are to be commended as heroes . The filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that the plot twist casually introduced into the middle of their film had the ( presumably unwanted ) effect of reversing its political stance , or if they were aware of the problem they ignored it . A suitably convoluted plot was obviously thought to be more important than political consistency . 4/10
0 JUST CAUSE showcases Sean Connery as a Harvard law prof , Kate Capshaw ( does she still get work ? ) as his wife ( slight age difference ) and Lawrence Fishburne as a racist southern cop ( ! ) and Ed Harris in a totally over the top rendition of a fundamentalist southern serial killer.<br /><br />Weird casting , but the movie plays serious mindf * * with the audience . ( do n't read if you ever intend to seriously watch this film or to ever watch this film seriously due to the spoilers ) First of all , I felt myself rolling my eyes repeatedly at the Liberal stereotypes : the cops are all sadistic and frame this black guy with no evidence . The coroner , witnesses and even the lawyer of the accused collaborate against him ( he is accused of the rape and murder of a young girl ) because he is black.<br /><br />Connery is a Harvard law prof who gives impassioned speeches about the injustices against blacks and against the barbarous death penalty . He is approached by the convicted man 's grandmother to defend him and re - open the trial.<br /><br />Connery is stonewalled ( yawn ... ) by the small town officials and the good IL ' boys club but finds that the case against Blair , the alleged killer , now on death row , was all fabricated . The main evidence was his confession which was beaten out of him.<br /><br />The beating was administered by a black cop ( ! ) who even played Russian roulette to get the confession out of him . Connery finds out that another inmate on death row actually did the murder and after a few tete a tetes with a seriously overacting , Hannibal Lecter - like Ed Harris , he finds out where Harris hid the murder weapon.<br /><br />He gets a re - trial and Blair is freed.<br /><br />I think ... film over .... <br /><br />Then suddenly ! It turns out that Blair IS a psychotic psycho and that he used " white guilt " to enlist Connery . He concocted the story with Ed Harris in return for Blair carrying out a few murders for Harris.<br /><br />now Blair is on the loose again , thanks to Connery 's deluded PC principles ! The final 30 min . are a weird action movie tacked onto a legal drama , Connery and Fishburne fighting the serial killer in an alligator skinning house on stilts ( yes , you read that right ) in the everglades.<br /><br />That was one weird film.<br /><br />So the whole system is corrupt and inefficient , the cops are all just bullies and Abu Graib type torturers , but the criminals are really psychotics and deserve to fry.<br /><br />Truly depressing on every level ! The system is completely rotten and the PC white guilt types who challenge it are seriously deluded too.<br /><br />Two thumbs down . Connery obviously had to make a mortgage payment or something .
0 The form of the film is that of a suspense shocker . There are surprises , twists and turns , reverses and excitements . At times , this is truly an " edge - of - the - seat " film . But it disappoints , and disappoints severely.<br /><br />The villain of the piece is not believeable ; his character does not hold together . I refuse to " spoil " the film , but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end.<br /><br />The second major disappointment of the film is that -- finally , it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film . There is little qualitative difference between this and one of the " Friday the 13th " films . Not that every film need always be totally tasteful , but this film does drip gore on occasion.<br /><br />Though the film features the magnificent Sean Connery , even he does not measure up to his usual standard , and often just seems to be walking through the paces .
0 Just Cause is one of those films that at first makes you wonder quite why it was so heavily slated when it came out - nothing special but competent enough and with an excellent supporting performance from Ed Harris . Then you hit the last third and everything starts to get increasingly silly until you 've got a killer with a flashlight strapped to his forehead threatening to fillet Sean Connery 's wife ( a typically mannered and unconvincing Kate Capshaw ) and kid ( a very young Scarlet Johannsen ) in an alligator skinner 's shack . < br /><br />The kind of movie that 's probably best seen on a plane , and even then only once .
0 Look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent put together to make this movie : Connery , Fishburne , Capshaw , Harris , Underwood , Beatty , Thigpen , even cameos by Slezak , Lange , and Plimpton . They prove , in spades , the adage that a good cast can not save a bad script . The story line requires so many leaps of faith from the audience that its implausibility should have exceeded even Hollywood standards . It 's not particularly original , and the " twists " are downright cruel .
0 As other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour . However before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by Kate Capshaw , who clearly never found her character and ruins every scene she 's in . Connery is fine as is Fishbourne , but most scenes are manipulated for effect rather than truth which overlays the entirety with a sense of unreality . And the ending is simply bizarre . The film makers apparently knew when they pieced this mess together that all they needed were sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie to have Thanksgiving dinner , so to compensate they added an overloud " dramatic " score . Every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration , to the point where it becomes laughable . If you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see , otherwise skip it .
0 Seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie . And so I sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief . Beside Ed Harris no - one seems to own the skills of acting . Even Sean Connery , who I normally worship , must have had an off - day during the entire filming of Just Case . Not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me.<br /><br />This made this movie look cheap and unreal.<br /><br />The story makes up a little . It is thrilling , and the plot is unexpected.<br /><br />Conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do .
0 1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(Dir - Arne Glimcher ) : Mystery??/Thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists . Despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under - estimates it 's audience . The movie - going public is not stupid and I hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with . We think that this movie is going to be about something with Connery 's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard , contrived for the audience 's sake , run of the mill , let 's never get it over with , thriller . We are pulled into every silly switch in character , as they are portrayed to us when it 's needed in the story , and we 're ready for this thing to be over way before it ends . Yes there is some good acting here , especially from Blair Underwood , Fishburne , and Ed Harris in a psycho - supporting role but the story does not work from almost the beginning to the very long - awaited end .
0 The performances of Fishbourne ( who appears strangely funny somehow ) and ( short featured)Ed Harris are remarkable , unlike Connery 's who does n't appear to find sense in his role and ends up in the motorial behaviour of a 80yr old man . In fact the screenplay does n't make sense ; imagine a 60 min . happy ending - plot plus a sudden turn appendix without any argumental structure in respect to the characters . It 's more an accident than a screenplay and may be good for examination purposes at screen - wrights ' schools . The more you remind the details the stronger this impression gets . The capital punishment is not an issue here , although it is a subject from the beginning ; it sort of fades away without further comment . The subject - matter and environment could have been good .
0 A pot - boiler if ever I saw one . A supposed thriller borrowing from " A Time to Kill " , " Silence of the Lambs " , even an inverted " In the Heat of the Night " with a little reverse murder , a la " Strangers on a Train " thrown in , it fails abysmally where all the above , to a large degree , succeeded . Namely , in delivering thrills . The plot seems condensed from a bigger book , making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving , while the direction lacks pace and verve . To rein in any kudos , a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too . Connery is clearly slowing down in his old age , barely bothering with his attempt at a US accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of Hope Lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his . He even has a father in law who seems younger than him . Laurence Fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you 're confused from the outset as to whether he 's a bad guy or a good guy . Someone once said that flashbacks should n't lie - they do , confusedly , here . The rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles . The supposed climax managed too , to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back , not as should have been the aim , front edge of my seat . Mediocre sloppy Hollywood film making for sure .
0 This movie is a crappy and forgettable Sean Connery vehicle . The performances are generally crappy especially by Capshaw , Fishburne , and the usually solid Ed Harris . Connery seems miscast as a Harvard Academic . The movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along . It is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels . The movie squanders an excellent supporting cast . George Plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to Connery as they debate the death penalty . The violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery / thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree . The scripting and direction are extremely poor . Connery 's charisma and screen presence are the film 's only virtue . Manipulative , Violent , and Ridiculous . 2/10 Avoid It .
0 This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile . Jesus Christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal . This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile . Jesus Christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal . This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile . Jesus Christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal . This is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile . Jesus Christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal .
0 Because IT IS , that 's why ! This is the same jealous - daughter - kills - people flick we 've seen a billion times . Rosanna Arquette makes anything worth watching , and Mandy Schaffer 's brief nude scene ( after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film ) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile , but not quite.<br /><br / > * out of * * * *
0 This ca n't be Mandy Schaffer 's last film . Somebody , do something ! : -(<br /><br />Argh.<br /><br />What little life this one might have had , the directing finished off . Do n't blame the cast ; they did OK . Even the winemaker 's younger brother was pretty well done , and he did n't even get into the movie until halfway through . And please , please put Mandy in some more movies ! She 's too beautiful to bury her career at such a young age . Ya ' breakin ' my haht , heah .... <br /><br />Two specific criticisms , in case anyone cares ( apparently nobody liked this movie very much ) . First , the way Traci kept popping up at just the right melodramatic moment , in order to see whatever she was supposed to see , and never got seen in return , was very annoying . Hollywood : please stop giving villains perfect timing luck which runs out exactly when the climax arrives . It 's dumb . Write better scripts so you wo n't have to use that lame plot device any more . If your script is n't good enough to stand up without that , then do n't produce it.<br /><br />Second , Carmen would n't have fallen for that fake injury trick that Traci pulled . She already had Traci fingered . More bad writing / directing there.<br /><br />I could trash this movie further but mercy forbids it . Actually I did n't hate it as much as the others seem to have . It just did n't have much of a reason for being made , unless it was purely a vehicle to show off the lovely Mandy . Oh , and to whoever did n't think she was sexy ... the character was n't very well written , but how can you say she was n't sexy ? ! ? One or the other of us needs glasses , and I do n't think it 's me.<br /><br />MORE MANDY . ( Not to be confused with " Moore , Mandy " -- although I 'd like to see her again too . ; -)<br /><br />P.S. Did I mention I hope Mandy makes me more movies ? < :-D
0 Let me be really clear about this movie . I did n't watch this movie because of the plot , I watch it for the saucy sex scenes . That being said , this movie is so god damn awful I flip between pure joy of seeing a godly body of Traci ( Mandy Schaffer ) and cringing my eyeballs out for the disaster of a plot.<br /><br />Spoiler Alert The first scene of the movie already had me cringing .. you see a woman painting something by the lakeside , in pure bliss and serene , then a beautiful girl approach and ask if she could paint beside her . When they both finished , they show each other what they had done ... and the woman painted A VINEYARD WHEN SHE IS FACING INFRONT OF THE LAKE . What kind of screwball director would make this kind of mistake ? ? And in another scene , Traci gets to kill her teacher 's lover by smash him with the sail pole , and then she swims away , and none of the town 's police suspected her once . I mean HELLOOOOO ? MANDY DID NOT WEAR A GLOVE DID SHE ? HER FINGER PRINTS ARE ALL OVER THE GOD DAMN BOAT ! ! After that , it gets worst , whenever Mandy is around , there is the " chilling " sound effect played which sounds like a cat in hissy fit . It 's also a real pity Rosanna Arquette 's is in this movie . I feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft - porn no brainer . Same goes for Jürgen Prochnow , who also has the misfortune to star in this movie . All in all , 2/10 .
0 A truly , truly dire Canadian - German co - production , the ever - wonderful Rosanna Arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term " problem child " - a few uears prior to the " action " the child murdered her father , and mum took the fall for the offspring . Now she 's moved up to the Northwest US to start over , but her child still has a problem in that she 's devoted to her mother . So devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond.<br /><br />Unfortunately Mandy Schaeffer ( as the daughter ) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie , though the incoherent script , useless direction and appalling music ( check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini - clad bod ) do n't help any ; we 're supposed to find her sexy and scary , but she fails on both counts . Almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing ( not to mention the fact that Arquette and Schaeffer do n't really convince as mother and daughter ) , all condolences to Miss Arquette and Jurgen Prochnow , both of whom are worthy of far more than this , and both of whom ( particularly Rosanna ) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago.<br /><br />One of the production companies is called Quality International Films - not since the three - hour " Love , Lies And Murder " ( from Two Short Productions ) has there been such a " You must be joking " credit .
0 This movie is so bad , I knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person . Very bad acting very bad plot very bad movie < br /><br />do yourself a favour and DON'T watch it 1/10
0 Oh man . If you want to give your internal Crow T. Robot a real workout , this is the movie to pop into the ol' VCR . The potential for cut - up lines in this film is just endless.<br /><br />(Minor spoilers ahead . Hey , do you really care if a film of this quality is " spoiled ? " ) Traci is a girl with a problem . Psychology has developed names for it when a child develops a sexual crush on the opposite - sex parent . But this girl seems to have one for her same - sex one , and I do n't think there 's a term for that . It might be because her mother Dana is played by Rosanna Arquette , whose cute overbite , neo - flowerchild sexuality and luscious figure makes me forgive her any number of bad movies or unsympathetic characters . Here Dana is not only clueless to her daughter 's conduct ; she seems to be competing for the gold medal in the Olympic Indulgent Mother competition . < br /><br />It 's possible that Dana misses Traci 's murderous streak because truth be told , Traci seems to have the criminal skills of a hamster . It 's only because the script dictates so that she manages to pull off any kind of a body count.<br /><br />A particularly hilarious note in this movie is the character of Carmen , a Mexican maid who is described by Dana as around so long she 's like one of the family although she dresses in what the director thought would say , " I just fell off the tomato truck from Guadalajara . " Carmen is so wise to Traci 's scheming , she might also wear a sign saying , " Hey , I 'm the Next Victim ! " Sure enough , Traci confronts Carmen as Carmen is making her way back from Mass , and bops her with one of those slightly angled lug wrenches that car manufacturers put next to your spare as a bad joke . I rather suspect than in real life those things are as useless as a murder weapon as they are for changing a tire . < br /><br />In another sequence , Arquette wears a flimsy dress to a vineyard , under cloudy skies , talking to the owner . Cut to her in another flimsy dress under sunny skies , talking to the owner 's brother . Then cut to her wearing the first dress , in the first location , under cloudy skies - but it 's supposed to be later . You get the picture . We 're talking really bad directing.<br /><br />As for skin , do n't expect much , although Traci does own a nice couple of bikinis . < br /><br />For those looking for a trash wallow , 8 . For anybody else , 1/2 .
0 I am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course Eddie Murphy . I think this was his first movie since " Beverly Hills Cop " so at the time he was hot . Considering that one made over two hundred million and it was R and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular . I have never been a big Eddie Murphy fan , so that is probably another reason I did n't care for it much at all . This one has Eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids . He must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril . The plot is very bad , but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects . I had seen better stuff done in the 70 's than some of the stuff this one offers , Ray Harryhausen did better stuff . Still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of Eddie , unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the " Raiders of the Lost Ark " type scenes . I guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect , but to me it just did not work .
0 Unlike " The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai " , or " Big Trouble in Little China " , or " Conan the Barbarian " , which are horrible films that have a certain coolness and self - deprecating humor that turn them into cult sensations , The Golden Child is just plain bad.<br /><br />The premise itself is not unworkable , and there are some funny moments . But here the Eddy Murphy " flip attitude " just deflates any feeling of tension or danger in the story . And the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension . The " mystic secrets " of Tibetan Buddhism are lampooned rather than drawn upon to compel.<br /><br />Without a feeling that anything is at stake , or that the characters are faced by real danger , why should we care?<br /><br />Who should see this film:<br /><br />-- big fans of Eddy Murphy who ca n't help themselves < br /><br />-- I ca n't think of anyone else < br /><br />I'll give this film a 4 out of 10 for the occasional joke that worked .
0 Definitely one of funny man Eddie Murphy 's lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child , three hundred year old dragons and a " Chosen One".<br /><br />Murphy is the " Chosen One " in question , and as the opening song suggests , he is " the best man in the world " . A finder of lost and missing children , he is approached by a mysterious Tibetan woman ( Charlotte Lewis ) who tells him he is " The Chosen One " , and that it is his destiny to find and rescue " The Golden Child " . For if the child were to die , compassion would die with him , as he is the bearer of compassion.<br /><br />If all this hocus pocus rubbish has n't ruined it for you now , it surely will once the movie begins . Suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film . Meant to be another vehicle for Murphy 's egotistical brand of humour ( the comedy is n't so great mind you ) , the movie fails on many levels . Even Charles Dance as the evil Sardo Numspa ca n't do much for proceedings . Very silly and disappointing.<br /><br />Sunday , December 12 , 1993 - T.V.
0 Well , what 's to say . THE GOLDEN CHILD falls in the category " so bad , it 's good " . Eddie Murphy is having some funny ( and sometimes quite annoying lines ) , but you are still entertained . Chales Dance has never been worse than his role as the villain Sardo Numspa ( what a f***ed up name is this??).<br /><br />Who should watch THE GOLDEN CHILD ... hm ... difficult to say , but my best guess would be people who likes embarrassing movies and can be entertained by bad acting , bad plot and an even more embarrassing dialog.<br /><br />4 out of 10
0 Why is it that when a star reaches the top of the star chain , they ruin all the good work by making a bad movie ? Burt Reynolds peaked , then started making dreadful Hal Needham car chase flicks . Arnold Schwarzenegger became the hottest property in Hollywood , only to invite derision upon himself with the appalling Last Action Hero . And here , loquacious Eddie Murphy erases memories of Trading Places and 48 Hours with this " family " adventure flick , which is an unbelievably tedious , childish and generally plain awful misfire in which the chance to see Charlotte Lewis 's great big breasts in a tight blouse is the most appealing aspect of the entire film.<br /><br />The story is pure humdrum . It concerns social worker Murphy , contacted by mysterious types and told that he is the Chosen One . Chosen for what , I hear you ask . His job is to rescue a Tibetan boy with mystical powers from a race of demons who want to rule the world . As the main demon , classy actor Charles Dance looks terribly embarrassed to be in the film , but hey , I 'm sure he was well paid for sacrificing his talents . Of all Murphy 's films , this is easily the worst . I 've read some reviews which suggest that it is nice to see Murphy in an atypical role , in a non formulaic kind of film , and while both points are loosely true there 's no forgiving the fact that the film - however atypical and non formulaic it might be - is an absolute load of garbage.<br /><br / >
0 Michael Jackson would have claimed a spot for the top - billed character in THE GOLDEN CHILD , and because he loves kids . That did n't work ( and why should it ? ) , so instead we have Eddie Murphy out to save the world by rescuing " Kid Midas " . I would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor 's inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy that 's a step closer to ISHTAR . Whatever Murphy says or does can be best liked , but do n't get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent ; he does n't belong in this movie , and the same went for DR . DOLITTLE ! The violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic , and that would n't have made any sense as Hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy . Speaking of visuals , they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of Ronald Reagan 's presidential fame . Murphy is far better at COMING TO AMERICA and 48 HRS , but this stale movie is n't my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste .
0 Bad movie for sure . It 's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects , a lot of hasty scenes ( the airport one for example ) , and a real unfunny time . ( Charles Dance ) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in ( Last Action Hero ) . ( Eddie Murphy ) is doing a non - comic joking , and I heard that this sunk had already succeed , big time success ? ? ! ! I 'll never understand why or how ? ! In one TV interview I 've heard ( Eddie Murphy ) himself , when he was nominated for an Oscar 2007 , regretted it in a comic way ! ! < br /><br />One of the comments said ( Hey ... It 's the 1980s ! ) . Well , no my friend . It 's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of RAZZIE movies all over the years whether it 's the 1980s or the 1950s ! < br /><br />There are 2 reasons made me write about this movie . The first is that I 'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of ( Charlotte Lewis ) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house , wearing just a blue shirt and OH BOY the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be . But how odd ! As I 've watched her in following movies and she was n't that beautiful again ? ! ! Anyhow the second reason is that I 've found this movie 's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!<br /><br />The bottom line : Bad movie , Greeeeeat legs .
0 I remember when THE GOLDEN CHILD was released in 1986 it was universally panned by the critics , and I`m talking panned so badly that it more or less ended the glittering career of Eddie Murphy so I guess this movie has something going for it < br /><br />It gets off to a bad start where Buddist monks kneel in front of a child with a blank expression on his face . Bad guys enter the temple < br /><br />Child sits with blank expression < br /><br />Bad guys chop up the monks < br /><br />Child sits with blank expression < br /><br />Bad guys pull out giant bird cage and stick the child inside who now sits with ... Go on guess ? You do get the impression that even if they were taking him for a sleepover at Michael Jackson`s wonderland ranch he`d still give the same blank expression , this movie would be better titled THE WOODEN CHILD < br /><br />The title sequence starts and being a movie from the 1980s a pop soundtrack features heavily . Obviously this might have been cool and funky at the time but now in 2004 it seems very dated . Not only that but it jars completely with the somewhat bloody opening . In fact that`s the main problem ( And boy it`s a serious one ) with this movie - The whole mood seems to change from scene to scene so much so that sometimes it`s like watching scenes from totally different movies spliced together . I blame the director personally but it should also be pointed out that both the screenwriter and producer should share equal blame too . Did anyone know before shooting commenced what type of movie this was going to be ? It`s part fantasy , part martial arts , part buddy movie , part comedy and it`s all crap
0 I will start this off by saying I could n't get all the way through it . I picked it up on a rainy day from WalMart like the rest of the reviewers on this site . I figured there was n't any way I would regret my purchase . Was I wrong or what ? Seriously now , who approved this project ? They need to be forced to watch this movie over and over until the end of eternity . That 's the only fitting punishment I can think of for releasing something this bad . The shooting reminds me of the movies I used to make for class projects on a big old VHS cam . The acting is nt much better . I think the only difference is that there are a few cool cameos . Yay , who cares ... Shecky Moskowitz is unfunny , and the ships comedian is an even bigger loser . That 's about as much of the plot as I understood.<br /><br />Overall it 's the worst movie I 've ever seen . I own it on DVD and have given it to many co - workers to watch . Each comes back and laughs and says " Wow I did nt think I 'd ever say I shut off an Adam Sandler movie 15 minutes in .... " < br /><br />My response is always " Well now you can" < br /><br / >
0 I can say without a shadow of a doubt that Going Overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen , and yes , I have seen Cujo . Adam Sandler is an abomination as Schecky Moskowitz , a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner . That 's the plot.<br /><br / > That 's it ! Nothing else in the film makes sense , it 's all over the place like a mad man 's breakfast , and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way , but more of a frustrating , ' throw both shoes at the t.v ' kind of way . even General Noriega makes an appearance , for no reason i can comprehend ( it certainly was n't for humour ) . Add to the mix Miss Australia , who has the worst Australian Accent i 've ever heared , and you have something which i wo n't call the worst film ever made , because Going overboard does n't even fit the basic definition of a film . I highly recomend seeing this film , as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see . I guarantee the first thing you 'll say after seeing a bad film will be " at least it was n't as bad as Going Overboard " .
0 I wanted to punch the TV . Watching it was torture . I hated it . Never watch this movie . The terrorists are annoying . Adam Sandler is annoying . I normally like him but not in this one . I wanted to break the DVD . This is the most irritating film in the world . The comedian he 's jealous of is obnoxious . The only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls . It was so irritating I wanted to punch the TV . DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE UNLESS YOU WANT TO ANNOY SOMEONE . If you even like Adam Sandler a little bit , Do n't buy it . It will just make you hate him . Do yourself a favor , if you see it in the store , hide it to put everyone out of danger of buying it . Its a waste of the $ 1.99 I paid for it .
0 First : I bought it at the video store . Second : I watched it . Third : It was boring . Fourth : It was not funny . Fifth : Most of the antics were lame . And last , but not least : It 's not only a bad movie , it 's a total fiasco.<br /><br />I am a huge Adam Sandler fan despite this disappointing and forgotten film . I pity it because it was his first movie . Even if you are a huge Adam Sandler fan , do n't bother watching this movie . Instead , just take the video , board a yacht , and throw it overboard .
0 I am a HUGE Adam Sandler fan , and one day I was looking at the Cast&Crew selection on one of his DVD 's and saw ' Going Overboard ' and decided to go out and rent it . So I went out with a few buddies of mine and rented it . We put it on and we were shocked to see an Adam Sandler that did n't hit puberty yet , he looks as if he was 12 when this movie came out . I could n't even watch 30 minutes of this crap , I did n't laugh , chuckle , or even smirk at this movie , actually the only time I smirked was when I saw how horrid this movie was . I could not believe how hard he tried to make the viewers laugh in this movie ... and it did n't work once . Although from seeing the horribly awful camera angles and hearing the disgusting script I realized why I had never heard of this movie, ... because it sucks more than anything has ever sucked before . This movie , in my opinion , was the WORST movie EVER made, .... EVER !
0 Even if you 're a huge Sandler fan , please do n't bother with this extremely disappointing comedy ! I bought this movie for $ 7.99 , assuming it has to be at least halfway decent since my man Sandler is in it and because I assumed some women would get naked ( judging by the R - rating and scantily - clad women on the cover ) . Well , there are quite a few scantily - clad women , but none get naked . I 'm not sure what point this was in Sandler 's career , but I 'm guessing it was even before his SNL days . I can be wrong . This is like watching one of his home movies . He might look back at a cheesy movie like this and reminisce about the good ol' times ... but we ( the audience ) are left to dry . This is hardly a " movie " ! Sandler does a lot of talking to the camera , and even admits at one point that this is " no - budget " movie ( that 's right , not a low - budget movie , a NO - budget movie ) . So our job is pretty much to laugh AT the quirky characters . There is no steady plot , it 's like an extended sketch comedy show -- but a crude and badly written one . That guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and it was implausible in the first place that he would receive such a mass audience . And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the one classic Henny Youngman line " Take my wife , please " and the audience is on the floor ? I 'm not even going to TRY to make any logic here . Sure , Sandler 's current and recent movies are not known for making a lot of sense ( the penguin in " Billy Madison , " the midget in " Happy Gilmore 's " Happy Place ) but the comedy works . This is a strictly amateurish work , and even if you 're curious about Adam 's early days in film -- you still wo n't be interested . You 're better off checking out his start on SNL or maybe his underrated role in " Mixed Nuts . " Of course , the Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this thankless vehicle . Billy Bob Thornton also makes a short appearance , Billy Zane ( " Titanic " ) has a supporting role and the great Burt Young ( from the " Rocky " movies ) has a significant role . < br /><br />This awful comedy will most probably be collecting dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store -- and rightfully so . < br /><br />My score : 3 ( out of 10 )
0 This early Adam Sandler film could be compared to his life as a comic during the same period in 1989 . His character 's constant acknowledgement of his hidden comic genius and frustration regarding humorous material seems to come more from Sandler than the script . The film is nothing compared to his blockbuster feature films , such as Big Daddy or even the corny Billy Maddison . Unfortunately , Sandler had not yet found a way to express himself in a consistent , successful and funny manner when this film was made , much like his character . The majority of the film 's " jokes " come from Sandler having conversations with himself , usually over his unrecognised comic talent and beating himself up because he 's too ugly and ca n't get women . The film is hard to watch too because it does n't treat itself like a real film . Sandler talks to the camera and the viewers throughout the film , often referring to the film 's low budget or questionable content . The film is ultimately awkward and embarrassing to watch . I immediately wanted to forget I even saw this film after it was over , for fear that if more found out about it , it would ruin Sandler 's career . Pass this one up at the video store , I rented it for free and it was still a waste of time .
0 Having decided some time ago to collect the films of Billy Bob Thornton ( on the strength of class movies like " Sling Blade " , " A Simple Plan " and " The Man Who Was n't There " amongst others ) , it was inevitable that there would be the odd turkey in there . What I did n't realise however , was that there could be one THIS bad . I 'll give you an idea how incredibly poor this film is - the funniest dialogue in it goes like this : " Knock Knock " , " Who 's there ? " , " The big stinking man " , " The big stinking man who ? " , " The big stinking man - is YOU ! " . Yes folks , it really is that bad . Billy Bob is only in it for about two minutes ( I guess he needed the work at that time in his career ) , and the rest of the movie is painful . For some reason though , although it 's undeniably awful , I do n't hate it . That 's probably because I save my ire for any high budget , special effects laden junk like " The Fast and the Furious " and not a " no - budget " flick like this one . 2/10 at a push .
0 Worst mistake of my life.<br /><br />I picked this movie up at Target for $ 5 because I figured , " Hey , it 's Sandler I can get some cheap laughs " . I was wrong , completely wrong . Mid - way through the film all three of my friends were asleep and I was still suffering . Worst plot , Worst script , Worst movie I have ever seen . I wanted to hit my head up against a wall for an hour , then I 'd stop , and you know why ? Because it felt damn good . Upon bashing my head in i stuck that damn movie in the microwave and watched it burn .... and that felt better than anything else I 've ever done . It took American Psycho , Army of Darkness , and Kill Bill just to get over that crap . I HATE YOU SANDLER FOR ACTUALLY GOING THROUGH WITH THIS AND RUINING A WHOLE DAY OF MY LIFE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0 This movie was so bad I could n't sit through it without doing something else . There was no plot and no point . I was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian , I could n't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description . Politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining.<br /><br />So how was this made ? Is there no quality control in film ? Watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience.<br /><br />It 's hard to imagine that Adam Sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure . He was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy .
0 I saw this movie about 5 years ago , and the memory of it still haunts me to this day . I was fully aware at how awful it was supposed to be going into it , so I have only myself to blame . But like most , I did n't believe all the negativity . Being a Sandler fan , it just seemed inconceivable one of his movies could really be that bad . I figured it was just Sandler haters . I could n't have been more wrong.<br /><br />What we have here is a comedy that does not contain even 1 second of anything funny . That is actually quite an accomplish . You 'd think in a 90 minute comedy , they might have accidentally stumbled upon something even remotely amusing . But no , it 's just horrible . It 's not " so bad it 's good " , its just bad . You can not laugh at how bad it is , you can only cry . You wait patiently for a joke that will at least make you chuckle , but they never come.<br /><br />Have you seen the movie The Ring ? Where the people watch a video tape and die 7 days later ? If this movie was on the video tape , people would die instantly , by their own hand , and there would be smile on their face as they realize their agony has ended , and that would be the first smile since they pressed play.<br /><br />You might be inclined to watch it just to see how bad it is , unable to curb your curiosity . Do n't . Please do n't . Trust me , I 'm doing you a favor . There are 2 types of people in the world , those that think Going Overboard is the worst movie ever made , and those that have not yet seen it .
0 Shecky , is a god damned legend , make no mistake . Until recently I worked for a UK HiFi & Video retail chain , running their testing department . We would go through many new starters , they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores . Now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members , we would issue them with a copy of Going Overboard . We had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of Goodmans DVD player that had this film as a free gift , got round to sending their DVD player back , they never failed to send Shecky back also . Our new staff would be forced to use only Going Overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with.<br /><br />Now , as to why this film is so bad , where do I begin?<br /><br />Adam Sandler , who can be so , so very funny , as in Happy Gilmore , or the Wedding Singer , must have been having one hell of an off day . The rest of the crew stank , and what is it with Billy Zane ? His name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time , and he is a decent actor . Crazy . The production quality is absolute zero.<br /><br />I would have been inclined to give this a zero if I could , because they did n't even have the guts to call it by it 's full name ' The Unsinkable Shecky Moskowitz ' on release . Even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far Sandler has come , and just how low he can go .
0 With Adam Sandler.<br /><br />This is without a doubt one of the most idiotic films ever made . It 's about cruise ship waiter Shecky ( Sandler ) wanting to be a comedian on the cruise ship . First off , there is not one funny or clever line in the entire movie honestly . It is so unfunny it 's pathetic . There is surprisingly not much crude or sexual humor , but the f - word is plentiful . The budget is really low , and that also ruins the film . It takes place on a cruise ship , but it seems they only had money to rent out a small boat and only had money for 10 ship extras , one of which is Billy Bob Thornton . The opening credits are animated reeeeeaally cheaply , and it is just pathetic . I hate this movie and everyone else that sees this will hate it too.<br /><br />86 mins . rated R for Language .
0 A friend of mine bought this film for £ 1 , and even then it was grossly overpriced . Despite featuring big names such as Adam Sandler , Billy Bob Thornton and the incredibly talented Burt Young , this film was about as funny as taking a chisel and hammering it straight through your earhole . It uses tired , bottom of the barrel comedic techniques - consistently breaking the fourth wall as Sandler talks to the audience , and seemingly pointless montages of ' hot girls'.<br /><br />Adam Sandler plays a waiter on a cruise ship who wants to make it as a successful comedian in order to become successful with women . When the ship 's resident comedian - the shamelessly named ' Dickie ' due to his unfathomable success with the opposite gender - is presumed lost at sea , Sandler 's character Shecker gets his big break . Dickie is not dead , he 's rather locked in the bathroom , presumably sea sick.<br /><br />Perhaps from his mouth he just vomited the worst film of all time .
0 I stole this movie when I was a freshmen in college . I 've tried to watch it three times , the second two because friends wanted to see it . " Sweet , Adam Sandler , I 've never heard of this movie , but since he 's so funny its got ta be funny . " Wrong ! I ca n't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match / insult war , where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain . You would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous , but after watching this you 'll know its true . This movie is n't worth the price I paid for it . I 've watched a ton of Steven segal movies , and I 've even watched Crossroads twice ... but I still could n't watch this .
0 This HAS to be the worst movie I 've ever attempted to watch . In the first 15 minutes , there was n't anything to keep my interest in this movie . I was on vacation at the time , and had plenty of time to devote to a just - for - the - fun - of - it movie . The condo we were staying in had this movie in stock -- they must have got it from the $ 1 store or something.<br /><br />If you like Adam Sandler , this is nothing like any other movie he 's made . This started with a bad premise and then just got worse . There 's nothing even remotely funny in it.<br /><br />I've watched a lot of movies , including some I did n't care for . But if you decide to waste your time on this movie , do n't say I did n't warn you .
0 This movie is by far the worst movie ever made . If you have to create a film costarring the guy who plays Lars in heavyweights than do n't make the damn film . I have to say that I could watch Leprechaun in Space 6 times before I could watch the trailer for this POS of a movie . Adam sandler should be restricted from any movie after this disgrace . Watching this movie is like a mix of listening to Cher and willingly putting your dick in a blender . Anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime . If I had an extra dollar and had to spend it , I 'd give it to the support Lorraina Bobbitt foundation before buying this movie .
0 Watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of Sandler . Truly a slow and painful death.<br /><br />'Bought the DVD in the $ 5.88 bin at Wal Mart . But the thought that keeps echoing in my head is , " How can I get my money back?" < br /><br />The most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat JUST DOES NOT SINK!<br /><br />Best constructive suggestion : Mystery Comedy Theatre . You know that show on the SciFi Channel in which some guy and his muppet - machines spoof the most unwatchable horror flicks ( Mystery Science Theatre ) . IMMEDIATELY , spin off a comedy program and feature this flick . Without a good humorous spoof of this train wreck , I fear that viewers may actually begin following Sandler with ice picks and chainsaws.<br /><br / >
0 I picked up this movie for $ 5 dollars at a discount book store , Adam Sandler is a awesome actor and i figured it would be a good movie , well , it was n't . There was absolutely no story line at all , bad jokes , and the other comedian said " The F - Word " every other word he said , cursing usually dosen't bother me but this was over the top . And even worse than the lack of story line was the parts when Sandler would just begin talking into the camera at random parts in the movie , it reminded me of Dora the Explorer when they turn and look at the screen and ask you questions . And last of all is when they would randomly put in Bikini shots of girls at random times in the movie . In my opinion , Do n't buy this movie , its a waste of money
0 This is definitely the worst movie Adam 's ever done but at this point in his life , he was just happy to have a movie . There are 3 or 4 laughs in it but I used the fast forward button through some of it . Do n't waste your time . I only saw it because I wanted to see all of his movies , but it sucked .
0 If you 've ever seen this movie , you 'd know that it ! If you have n't , and want to see a classic BAD movie , I suggest you see this movie , because it ranks right down with the worst . So , if you 're REALLY bored , go rent it . If you want to know what it 's like , here 's my little summary : Adam Sandler is hired to work on a giant cruise ship with some Ms Universe models and five other people . Adam does n't like how one passenger is getting all the babes , and he tries to take over with the cheezy jokes . BUT WAIT ! It only gets worse ! You 'll have to rent the movie yourself to see how bad it truly is .
0 I just finished watching Going Overboard . I have to say that we should send every copy of this film to Iraq and make them watch . I even tried to get a blind women to watch this and she turned it off in like 20 min . Adam Sandler could not find a better project than this ? As for the writing , if that s what you want to call it , those responsible should be forced to watch this movie forever in Hell ! ! I believe that somewhere I read that the budget for this film was $ 10,000 and they were way under . Did Wallmart get a good deal on this ? Every store has a big huge bin of this crap sitting on the sales floor . The only good thing about this movie is you can use the DVD as a coaster , or trade it to a friend , but then they might not be your friend anymore ! !
0 I had never heard of this Adam Sandler movie until I saw it on the wall at Blockbuster . Being an Adam Sandler fan at the time , I rented it . HONESTLY I could only watch about 30 mins . of it . It was TERRIBLE . Do whatever it takes to keep this out of the hands of the public . I honestly hope this movie goes OOP soon , and I hope it STAYS THAT WAY !
0 Hello . I am Paul Raddick , a.k.a . Panic Attack of WTAF , Channel 29 in Philadelphia . Let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on Adam Sandler 's film career but was digitized after a short time.<br /><br />Going Overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by Sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails ... or so I thought . Sandler encounters babes that like History of the World Part 1 and Rebound . The babes were supposed to be engaged , but , actually , they get executed by Sawtooth , the meanest cannibal the world has ever known . Adam Sandler fared bad in Going Overboard , but fared better in Big Daddy , Billy Madison , and Jen Leone 's favorite , 50 First Dates . Man , Drew Barrymore was one hot chick . Spanglish is red hot , Going Overboard ai n't Dooley squat ! End of file .
0 Mere thoughts of " Going Overboard " ( aka " Babes Ahoy " ) make me want to weep . Throwing yourself out a window would be better than watching this movie . It 's not even a supposed " so bad it 's good " movie . I would spend money to buy copies of this movie and burn them so that people ca n't see it . Oh the pain , the pain ...
0 ... okay , maybe not all of it . Lured by the false promise of bikini - clad women on the movie 's cover ... but the HORROR ... THE HORROR ... ... whatever you do , do NOT watch this movie . Gouge out your eyes , repeatedly bash your skull in ... do what it takes . Never again -- never forget!<br /><br / >
0 Unwatchable . You ca n't even make it past the first three minutes . And this is coming from a huge Adam Sandler fan!!1
0 I 'm glad that I saw this film after Mr . Sandler became famous.<br /><br />It is bad .... bad , bad , bad . There is no plot . It 's like watching a painfully dull home movie.<br /><br />I really enjoy his other films ...... but if you 're a fan like me .... stay away from this one . It may change your thoughts on Adam . You may never recover from the horror that is this film .... I've had a better time watching old folks play scrabble in a home .......
0 This movie portrays Ruth as a womanizing , hard drinking , gambling , overeating sports figure with a little baseball thrown in . Babe Ruths early life was quite interesting and this was for all intents and purposes was omitted in this film . Also , Lou Gehrig was barely covered and this was a well know relationship , good bad or indifferent , it should have been covered better than it was . His life was more than all bad . He was an American hero , an icon that a lot of baseball greats patterned their lives after . I feel that I am being fair to the memory of a great baseball player that this film completely ignored . Shame on the makers of this film for capitalizing on his faults and not his greatness .
0 It 's impossible for me to objectively consider this movie . Not that I have n't tried , mind you - but I sit down , and I pop in the aged VHS , and I watch the opening ... and suddenly I 'm five years old again and clutching my very own Care Bear and watching the movie with open eyes and an eager heart.<br /><br />I can see , objectively , that this movie is a BIZARRE combination of cuddly baby merchandising - mascots and creepy prepubescent children with evil powers that has a thin story and uninteresting animation . But my inner five - year - old goes , " Yay ! Care Bears ! " every time I think about it . So - I 'd only ( cautiously , reluctantly ) recommend this movie for those who saw it during their early youth and can call on the awesome power of nostalgia while watching it ( like me ) OR those lovably cynical Gen - X / Y - ers who deliberately seek out the wonderfully bad / strange ( a category in which this movie ... definitely belongs ) . To those actually looking for a compelling movie or wholesome family entertainment : You might want to keep looking .
0 I really wanted to like this movie . I absolutely love kenny hotz , and spenny rice has a charming side to him . Not that I like spenny at all . Spenny ruins this movie . He should of let kenny and his hot girlfriend pitch the movie.<br /><br />Anyways , it 's pretty boring aside from a scene with Roger Ebert in it . There really is n't too many celebrities in this movie , and most do n't seem to say more than one line . Overall this movie was disappointing . I would only suggest watching it if you got it with the season 1 DVD of kenny vs spenny ( it comes for free on the 3rd disc ) . Regardless of this production , I am still very excited to check out The Papel Chase .
0 This is the worst documentary to come out of Canada ever ! ! ! ! I 'm glad to see the guys have n't made another movie . All they want to do is get a movie made and it does n't have to be the one they wrote . They keep changing the script to suite the person they 're pitching . I could not get out of the theatre fast enough when I saw it at that year 's Toronto Film Festival . Please never see this film .
0 Robert Taylor definitely showed himself to be a fine dramatic actor in his role as a gun - slinging buffalo hunter in this 1956 western . It was one of the few times that Taylor would play a heavy in a film . Nonetheless , this picture was far from great as shortly after this , Taylor fled to television with the successful series The Detectives.<br /><br />Stuart Granger hid his British accent and turned in a formidable performance as Taylor 's partner . < br /><br />Taylor is a bigot here and his hatred for the Indians really shows.<br /><br />Another very good performance here was by veteran actor Lloyd Nolan as an aged , drinking old - timer who joined in the hunt for buffalo as well . In his early scenes , Nolan was really doing an excellent take - off of Walter Huston in his Oscar - winning role in The Treasure of the Sierre Madre in 1948 . Note the appearance of Russ Tamblyn in the film . The following year Tamblyn and Nolan would join in the phenomenal Peyton Place.<br /><br />The writing in the film is stiff at best . By the film 's end , it 's the elements of nature that did Taylor in . How about the elements of the writing here ?
0 This was the third remake of SLEEPING WITH THE ENIEMY After YAARANA(1995 ) and AGNISAKSHI(1996)<br /><br />AGNISAKSHI was the only one which worked and was a better film < br /><br />DARAAR is directed by Abbas Mustan who sadly failed in their attempt here < br /><br />the story was good but the handling was n't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and the climax too was disappointing < br /><br />Direction is bad Music is good < br /><br />Rishi reprises his role of YAARANA(strangely which also was a remake of SWTE ) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay Juhi is decent while Arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible Johny is too loud
0 Daraar got off to a pretty good start . The first scene really left me at the edge of my seat wondering what would happen next . Other than that , the first half of the movie is a total BORE . All the first half of the movie is about is Rishi Kapoor falling head over heels in love with Juhi Chawla . By the way , do n't you think he 's a little old for her???<br /><br />Things finally start to spice up towards the middle of the film when Juhi tells us about her previous husband ; and wow what a lunatic is he ! He was an over - protective , neat - freak with a really HOT TEMPER ! He used to beat up poor Juhi for no good reason ! One of the reasons I really do n't like this movie is because I ca n't stand to see Juhi ( my favorite actress ) get so abused . This film in general has WAY too much abuse and bloodshed ; I find it so sickening!!!<br /><br />Anyway , all I 'm trying to say is if you 're thinking about renting Daraar , you should put it right back on the shelf where you found it and pick something else !
0 For the record , this film is intriguing but its hardly original . Back in 1998 a movie starring Talia Shire called The Landlady had almost the exact same plot but with younger characters.<br /><br />The story is Amanda Lear has had a bad life , abusive father , horny doctor , mental homes , etc . She 's finally released from the happy home under the guidance of her perverted doctor ... who she anally abuses and kills the poor guy . ( now THAT was original ) The doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard . After moving in she falls in love with a stud named Richard , who just happens to be married to a blues singer . If you 've seen The Landlady you know the rest , she kills or tries to kill anyone that gets in between her and Richard ( including a roadie).<br /><br />Much of the idea 's came from the previous movie , same idiot sidekick that sticks his nose in , same spying on the guy with a bowl of popcorn , same flying a bodypress . It did have some original material , the beer bottle thing was brutal . The highlight of the movie was Amanda 's beautiful breasts in the hot - top scene . Somewhat of a ripoff but not a total waste of time.<br /><br />4 out of 10
0 Despite the high ratings given to this film by IMDB users , this is nothing more than your typical girl - with - a - bad - childhood - obsessively - stalks - married - man film . The attractive Justine Priestly 's brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs , but the film is hackneyed tripe.<br /><br / > * 1/2 out of * * * *
0 I got this movie because I worked at a movie store so I got free rentals . It came in , and the cover made it look alright . Hot chick , carrying a weapon , alright , I 'll check it out.<br /><br />Oh man , bad move . This was so horrible , I spent half the movie watching in fast - forward to get to the nudity , which was minimal . I think MAYBE three scenes of partial nudity.<br /><br />Cheesy dialogue , crappy violence , poor excuses of characters . I feel bad putting this movie down , because I know it was made on a cheap budget , but so was " Clerks " and it became a cult classic and a franchise.<br /><br />2/10 .
0 SHALLOW GRAVE begins with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene in PSYCHO . ( I 'm leaning toward rip off . ) After that it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better , almost to the point of being original . Bad acting and amateurish directing bog down a fairly interesting little story , but the film already surpasses many in the " Yankee comes down South to get killed by a bunch of rednecks " genre because it is actually shot in the South.<br /><br />A group of college girls head to Ft . Lauderdale for summer vacation and are waylaid in Georgia by a flat tire after getting off the main road . ( Note to Yankees : stay on the highway when you go to Florida . ) Sue Ellen ( Lisa Stahl ) has to pee so she heads into the woods . When she finally finds a good spot to do her business she witnesses the local sheriff ( Tony March ) strangle his mistress ( Merry Rozelle ) to death . ( Note to Yankees : do not wander off into the woods when in the South ; not because you might witness a murder , but you may run across a marijuana plantation . ) This is the point where the story , not the movie , actually comes close to being good.<br /><br />While Tony March will never have to practice his Oscar speech , his Sheriff Dean becomes a creepy facsimile of a normal guy torn by what he has done and what he must do . Tom Law is likable as Deputy Scott and is as authentic a Southern deputy as I 've seen since Walton Goggins ( Deputy Steve Naish ) in HOUSE OF 1000 CORPSES.<br /><br />A few scenes in the movie are worth the mention . The girls stop at a BBQ in South Carolina and display their racism when a big black guy checks them out . Sue Ellen runs into a barn to hide behind some hay bales and in a shockingly realistic moment a large snake is hiding in the hay with her.<br /><br />And in the strangest scene , Sheriff Dean makes like he 's about to rape Patty ( Carol Cadby ) and tells her to take off her clothes . Dean has turned the radio up to drown out the noise of what he 's about to do . The preacher on the radio needs to go back and read his Bible . His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ . I feel sorry for this preacher 's flock . Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Christ was born and by no means is she one of the five people you are going to meet in Heaven .
0 This movie is basically about some girls in a Catholic school that end up getting into trouble because of putting red dye in one in one of their school mates shampoo and after being reprimanded for this act they decide to take off to Florida for a vacation . On their way there they meet up with some guys in a local diner and decide that they would both meet up with each other in another location later on . The girls end up on a road side near the woods and stop for awhile and while one of the girls decides to walk around a bit she sees a murder happen in which the local sheriff himself is involved . She becomes scared and runs to tell the others what happened . The other girls decide to go take a look with her and two of them get killed by the killer . Then the two remaining girls are caught by the killer and are placed in local jail cell . The deputy sheriff meanwhile is keeping watch over the girls and despite their insistence that the sheriff is the killer he ignores them both and acts as ignorant and everybody else in this movie who just ca n't put two and two together much less some lousy detective work at that . The best part was the rape scene between the killer and one of the girls where he decides to rape her in her jail cell and it seems that the girl actually WANTS to be raped by this man and the bare chest scene I admit was good but before their lips meet he has other things in mind . This movie reminds me of the low - budget thriller " Blood Song " with Frankie Avalon staring in it , the same motive just a different character part . It 's not a movie worth renting not even for an 80 's low - budget movie and the ending was the worst ending I have ever seen in a movie and it left me wanting my money back !
0 I saw this by chance showing on cable on wanted to like it as I thought Sandra was quite funny from what I remembered . The only facial movement I had throughout the movie was jaw dropping stunned at how awful a movie I just suffered through.<br /><br />The person who said this is one of the funniest movies of all time please point out one line , just one scene , that is even worth a chuckle.<br /><br />She is a much better singer than I remember her to be , but I did n't want to watch a lounge act.<br /><br />I think this is a movie try hard to like since they think they should and do n't view it objectively .
0 Film version of Sandra Bernhard 's one - woman off - Broadway show is gaspingly pretentious . Sandra spoofs lounge acts and superstars , but her sense of irony is only fitfully interesting , and fitfully funny . Her fans will say she 's scathingly honest , and that may be true . But she 's also shrill , with an unapologetic , in - your - face bravado that is n't well - suited to a film in this genre . She does n't want to make nice -- and she 's certainly not out to make friends -- and that 's always going to rub a lot of people the wrong way . But even if you meet her halfway , her material here is seriously lacking . Filmmaker Nicolas Roeg served as executive producer and , though not directed by him , the film does have his chilly , detached signature style all over it . Bernhard co - wrote the show with director John Boskovich ; their oddest touch was in having all of Sandra 's in - house audiences looking completely bored -- a feeling many real viewers will most likely share . * 1/2 from * * * *
0 Killer Tomatoes movies have this special kind of humor - you either love it or hate it . I personally like it , but in this fourth movie the feeling is gone . The tomatoes are n't the same , jokes are lame , even the actors are n't as funny . Because that 's the only thing this kind of movies are supposed to be - funny.<br /><br />So now following the plot made to laugh , is annoying . They really should n't have done the fourth part to the Killer Tomatoes trilogy .
0 What made the original Killer Tomatoes fun was it was made by people with no budget who were just being wacky for a couple of days ... <br /><br />This was something with a budget , but it just was n't as much fun . John Astin of Adams Family fame is actually making an effort here to be comedic , but he is supported by lame actors , cheap special effects and unfunny gags.<br /><br />The plot . Dr. Gangrene ( Astin ) escapes from a French prison and decides he is going to put a pretender on the throne of France ... The hero , his French girlfriend and the Gizmo - like " Fuzzy Tomato " decide they are going to stop him ... <br /><br />Forgettable Direct to Video nonsense ...
0 There was nothing of value in the original movie , this one was even lamer . The fact that I even found it to rent was absolutely amazing . Anyone connected to this film has to be high on something ! So what was the story line ? What was with the girl ? Was the viewer supposed to get the story line in the first four minutes of the film . Sadly , I tried several times to watch this . I even borrowed a kid from someone to get some feedback . Kid said it was stupid , and he was four years old . I find that possibly some credit could go to the filming director , as possibly some of the shots made the movie more than a B film . That might be pushing it . I did love the theme song . Good thing it was only a dollar , it was worth it . I suppose you might enjoy the film if you were high as the cast and crew would have to be . Is pot legal in France ?
0 As an Altman fan , I 'd sought out this movie for years , thinking that with such a great cast , it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.<br /><br />Big mistake.<br /><br />This is one of Altman 's big - cast mishmashes , thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally ( or so it feels ) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room . It doesn't.<br /><br />As Maltin points out , this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of Alfre Woodard , who outshines the vets all around her . But other than that , avoid at all costs . ( Which is pretty easy to do -- it 's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of Halley 's Comet . )
0 What an insult to Olivia D'Abo who plays the film 's heroine , Robin , to have Keanu Reeves appear so large on the box art of the film ( and at least on recent reissues , to have only Reeves appear on the box ) , considering that she was the star . I realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long - forgotten After School Special , but at least give the woman some credit . < br /><br />Despite that , this has to be one of the worst teen sports - themed films that I have ever seen , and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance . And , in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of Flashdance ( with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to Michael Sembello 's notable ' Maniac ' which was made famous by Flashdance , or was it the other way around ? ) . It includes similar dance sequences and worse yet , even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance - offs between the heroine and her antagonist(s ) , the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team . We saw this in Trashin ' ( a vert ramp joust ) and Rad ( BMX dancing at the prom , although it was n't much for competition , but rather for fun ) for example . In fact , this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness , such as the somewhat homo - erotic rolling in the clothes at the Salvation Army with Robin and her friend from the team.<br /><br />Nonetheless , the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background . To top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible , she lives with her ailing mother , her obnoxious sister , and her careless ( and slightly abusive ) stepfather . Needless to say , homelife is not so appealing . Add to the mix , a talent for gymnastics , but several obstacles to joining the team ( including the nuisance of her arrogant , snobby teammates , and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well ) . And , of course , we ca n't forget that she 's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates , nor that she does n't have a steady boyfriend ( although Keanu as Tommy later enters the picture ) . Could this kid be any more pathetic ? And it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long , redundant , and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone.<br /><br />But , even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film , are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog . ( I like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance - off to scold the teammates ) . It makes episodes of ' Amazing Stories ' look like Shakespeare.<br /><br />I imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor . For that you might be satisfied , but it is also an incredibly forced drama . So , Caveat Emptour .
0 It 's not really about gymnastics ; swap out the occasional training montages and it could just as easily be about archery , or microbiology , or a booger - flicking tournament . Instead , like every other Rocky / Flashdance derivative that flooded the 80s market , it 's about conquering adversity with stick - to - it - iveness , rendering all social / personal realities irrelevant by your lonesome - with love interest standing by of course . Ronald Reagan top to bottom , in short ; so as a piece of cinema it 's down to the details . Some of the actors are quirky enough to liven things up - especially the love interest , brought to you by none other than Mr. Keanu Reeves , warming up for Ted ; heroine Olivia D'Abo 's hateful alkie dad and big - hair stepsister are more interesting than the sickly mom or her utterly inert bitch - nemeses / teammates , one of whom appears to be made of porcelain . It 's my instinct to be appalled by the comic - relief black guys , but on the other hand at least they 're in the movie . But D'Abo does n't quite convince with her awkward - girl shtick , and in the absence of any other narrative focus the lack of interest in the gymnastics themselves really does matter ; it 's all just bodies hurtling around , and not only is the outcome of the big tournament a foregone conclusion , it 's all performed by an obvious double .
0 I only today , picked this up at the 99 cents only store today , and I still think I got ripped off . " Dream to Believe " is a pretty boring and unrealistic gymnastics drama and $ 1 is just too freakin ' expensive for this . This film is probably only notable for 2 things : 1 . It has a young Keanu Reeves . And 2 . It 's directed by Paul Lynch , the man who also did Promo Night . Now onto the movie . < br /><br />It 's about a girl named Robin ( Played by Olivia D'Abo ) who is badly injured from a car accident that also cost her father 's life . So the accident prevents her from competing in gymnastic tournaments , she is often picked on during her classes and eventually she meets some wild kid named Tommy ( Played by Keanu . ) Robin , when not in training , works part - time , along with her mother and stepsister , at a Laundromat owned by her abusive stepfather . Eventually she is chosen to compete . < br /><br />Overall , Keanu alone and some catchy 80s tunes are what prevent me from giving this 1 star , and it 's also not one of the worst movies ever , but still far from good . The DVD itself is not getting any medals either as it appears to be sourced from an old VHS and towards the end , the sound goes out of sync and when the end credits are almost over , it fades to black , even though sound can still be heard . So this can probably be passed as a bootleg . The DVD artwork makes no sense either as it has what appears to be recent photos of Keanu and Olivia and the background has nothing to do with the movie , as it 's also not in the movie itself , so the cover 's obviously photoshopped . In any case , avoid at all costs , unless you 're a Keanu fanatic . I probably wo n't be hanging to it any longer . I 'm probably gon na give it to The Cinema Snob , who 's a great YT critic btw . Hey , if any of you have any crappy movies that they no longer want in their sight , feel free to donate to him to keep his show running .
0 to movie , this movie felt like one of those after school specials , only lower budget and lower everything else.i guess this was supposed to an inspirational movie of some sort , but it did n't work for me.yet some how it comes across as preachy.it has very pale shades of Flash Dance , but so what?there just is n't any excitement in this movie.the dialogue is contrived and clichéd to death.of course , the whole movie feels like a bad 80 's cliché.the acting was less than stellar , though that has a lot to do with what the actors were given(or in this case - not)to work with.on top of that is the poor song choices , with really bad lyrics.i felt embarrassed for all the actors involved.they are all talented , but you ca n't tell from this movie.this is just my opinion of course , but i have to give Flying AKA Dream to Believe a 1/10
0 What was an exciting and fairly original series by Fox has degraded down to meandering tripe . During the first season , Dark Angel was on my weekly " must see " list , and not just because of Jessica Alba.<br /><br />Unfortunately , the powers - that - be over at Fox decided that they needed to " fine - tune " the plotline . Within 3 episodes of the season opener , they had totally lost me as a viewer ( not even to see Jessica Alba ! ) . I found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish . The new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin . On one of the second season episodes , they even had Max sleeping and dreaming - where the first season stated she biologically could n't sleep.<br /><br />The moral of the story ( the one that Hollywood never gets ) : If it works , do n't screw with it!<br /><br />azjazz
0 Awful , simply awful . It proves my theory about " star power . " This is supposed to be great TV because the guy who directed ( battlestar ) Titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick . B O R I N G.<br /><br />Find something a thousand times more interesting to do - like watch your TV with no picture and no sound . 1/10 ( I rated it so high b / c there are n't any negative scores in the IMDb.com rating system.)<br /><br />-Zaphoid < br /><br />PS : My theory about " star power " is : the more " star power " used in a show , the weaker the show is . ( It 's called an indirect proportionality : quality 1/"star power " , less " sp " makes for better quality , etc . Another way to look at it is : " more is less.")<br /><br />-Z
0 God , I was bored out of my head as I watched this pilot . I had been expecting a lot from it , as I 'm a huge fan of James Cameron ( and not just since " Titanic " , I might add ) , and his name in the credits I thought would be a guarantee of quality ( Then again , he also wrote the leaden Strange Days .. ) . But the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration . In all that time , it barely went beyond its two line synopsis , and I would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere . On top of that , I do n't think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular " A - Team " episode . As for Alba , yes , she is gorgeous , of course , but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie ( pouty and surly ) , makes me also get bored of her " gal wit an attitude " schtick pretty soon . You can count me out of this one , Mr. Cameron !
0 Wow , here it finally is ; the action " movie " without action . In a real low - budget setting ( do n't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times ) of a future Seattle we find a no - brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood.<br /><br />There is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors ' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies , mainly " Matrix " without having the money to do it right . Yes , we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot - outs ( 45 secs approx . ) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody 's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then.<br /><br />And , yes , we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere , as if the script was thought - out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes.<br /><br />Believe me , it is as bad as it possibly can get . In fact , it does n't deserve to be taken seriously , but perhaps I can make some of you not rent it and save your money .
0 I 'm trying to picture the pitch for Dark Angel . " I 'm thinking Matrix , I 'm thinking Bladerunner , I 'm thinking that chick that plays Faith in Angel , wearing shiny black leather - or some chick just like her , leave that one with us . Only - get this ! - we 'll do it without any plot , dialogue , character , decent action or budget , just some loud bangs and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddling a big throbbing bike . Fanboys dig loud bangs and hot chicks in shiny black leather straddling big throbbing bikes , right?" < br /><br />Flashy , shallow , dreary , formulaic , passionless , tedious , dull , dumb , humourless , desultory , barely competent . Live action anime without any action , or indeed any life . SF just the way Joe Fanboy likes it , in fact . :(
0 Lillian Hellman 's play , adapted by Dashiell Hammett with help from Hellman , becomes a curious project to come out of gritty Warner Bros. Paul Lukas , reprising his Broadway role and winning the Best Actor Oscar , plays an anti - Nazi German underground leader fighting the Fascists , dragging his American wife and three children all over Europe before finding refuge in the States ( via the Mexico border ) . They settle in Washington with the wife 's wealthy mother and brother , though a boarder residing in the manor is immediately suspicious of the newcomers and spends an awful lot of time down at the German Embassy playing poker . It seems to take forever for this drama to find its focus , and when we realize what the heart of the material is ( the wise , honest , direct refugees teaching the clueless , head - in - the - sand Americans how the world has suddenly changed ) , it seems a little patronizing -- the viewer is quite literally put in the relatives ' place , being lectured to . Lukas has several speeches in the third - act which undoubtedly won him the Academy Award , yet for the much of the picture he seems to do little but enter and exit , enter and exit . As his spouse , Bette Davis enunciates like nobody else and works her wide eyes to good advantage , but the role does n't allow her much color . Their children ( all with divergent accents ! ) are alternately humorous and annoying , and Geraldine Fitzgerald has a nothing role as a put - upon wife ( and the disgruntled texture she brings to the part seems entirely wrong ) . The intent here was to tastefully , tactfully show us just because a ( WWII - era ) man may be German , that does n't make him a Nazi sympathizer . We get that in the first few minutes ; the rest of this tasteful , tactful movie is made up of exposition , defensive confrontation and , ultimately , compassion . It should be a heady mix , but instead it 's rather dry - eyed and inert . * * from * * * *
0 The characters are cliched and predictable , with everyone being either snow - white pure or wholly evil . The acting is too stilted for it to be bad in an amusing , over - the - top way . It 's doubly disappointing if you 're a Bette Davis fan , because her character is not a typically fun Bette - Davis - type character ; she just gets to frown pensively a lot.<br /><br />On the whole , neither my wife nor I found the movie to be interesting , moving or enjoyable at all .
0 It as absolutely incredible to me that anyone could make the comment that this film is not preachy . It is not only oppressively preachy , but absurd , stagebound , dramatically straight - jacketed , and painfully overwrought . Watching it , one feels like an 8 year old child being punished by having to write " I will not become a fascist " on the blackboard 100 times.<br /><br />Now I understand that it was made during the height of WW2 , and was intended to be a brave condemnation of Hitler and the terrible suffering he brought about , ( which anyone would whole - heartedly applaud ) and I 'm sure it accurately captured the mood of the day . But it is presented in such an immature , over - obvious , sledgehammer way , it fails abysmally as a work of art.<br /><br />The only good performances here are from Paul Lukas , who brings sincerity and intensity to his role as a quietly heroic anti - fascist ; and Lucile Watson as the amusingly ill - mannered rich grandmother who slowly comes to realize how dangerous the world has become . Though their rootless upbringing has subjected them to all kinds of hardships , the children are ridiculously shown as robotically well - behaved little snips . They do not even remotely resemble real human beings . And Bette Davis , a great actress , here is so one dimensionally noble I cringed every time she was on screen . Her every word , her every gesture is meant to convey how SUPPORTIVE and UNDERSTANDING she is of the SACRIFICES her husband has to make and the great CAUSE he is fighting for , that she must 've been wired to receive a painful electric shock if she dared allowed any hint of doubt or shading to surface in her portrayal.<br /><br />So yes , this is a very IMPORTANT film , just not a very good one .
0 There seems to be little in the way of middle ground where Watch On the Rhine is concerned . One either likes it very much , applauding its sincerity , its liberal point of view and fine acting , or else loathes its obvious propaganda , mediocre dialogue , cardboard characters and overall tendentiousness . I fall very much in the latter category , and found the film and play ,-- concerning the activities of European refugees in Washington during wartime -- a crushing bore , worthwhile mostly for the acting , and even then only intermittently . That author Lillian Hellman was on the side of the angels is irrelevant . Her plays were written for people who shared her point of view , and she seldom explored ideas that were n't already held by the author and audience except to point out how dreadful the " other side " is . Even when I find myself in one hundred percent agreement with what she has to say ,-- as in Rhine -- I still ca n't stand the way she says it . Her characters are unreal , and while her ear for dialogue shows a certain facility for the way people talk she possesses no real brilliance or originality . She really had nothing new to say . I thoroughly agree with the late Mary McCarthy 's long overdue dismantling of Hellman reputation some years ago . For those who think the theatre is dead or in extremis and yearn for the good old days , I urge a peek at Watch On the Rhine , as bad in its way as Angels In America , which only goes to show that the theatre had one foot in the grave sixty years ago .
0 The sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine . This movie is no Cabarnet and certainly no Casablanca . I agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit - coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy . But let 's look at the obsolete theme of the movie.<br /><br />With the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom . Since Watch on the Rhine , author Lillian Hellman has been exposed as a Bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real - life story " Julia " from her book " Pentimento " . As one of the most odious of a plethora of Western - based USSR apologists , it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir America to action to save the bloody Soviet dictator Stalin and international communism from the fascists , who had just proved their military superiority in Spain.<br /><br />As one reviewer correctly noted , this is not a pro - American play and movie , as Lillian went to her grave an American - loathing communist . This film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the American Left then , just as now the full mooner Left of The Daily Kos and Michael Moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy America .
0 When I was younger I really enjoyed watching bad television . We 've all been guilty of it at some time or another , but my excuse for watching things like " Buck Rogers in the 25th Century " and " Silver Spoons " is this : I was young and naive ; ignorant of what makes a show really worthwhile.<br /><br />Thankfully , I now appreciate the good stuff . Stargate SG-1 is not good . The 12 year - old me would love every hackneyed bit of it , every line of stilted dialogue , every bit of needless technobabble . The writing is beyond insipid ; so bland and uninspired it makes one miss Star Trek : Voyager . If your show makes me long for the worst Trek show ever , you 're in trouble.<br /><br />The film Stargate is a wonderful guilty pleasure , anchored by two solid performances by James Spader and Kurt Russell , full of fascinating Egyptian architecture and culture , a wonderful musical score , and cool sci - fi ideas . With the exception of a little of the original music , none of what made the film fun appears in this show . Even Richard Dean Anderson , who made MacGyver watchable and Legend interesting , seems like he 's half asleep most episodes.<br /><br />The budget must have been very low because the sets sometimes look like somebody 's basement . The cinematography is n't much better , as vanilla and dull as the scripts . It amazes me that shows with a lot more style ( like Farscape ) and substance ( like the reimagined Battlestar Galactica ) have smaller , less rabid fanbases than this pap . It just does n't deserve it .
0 I can not believe how popular this show is . I consider myself an avid sci - fi fan . I have read countless sci - fi novels and have enjoyed many sci - fi movies and TV shows . I really would n't even consider this true sci - fi . Every episode I have sat through was like a lame , watered down version of a Star Trek episode , minus anything that might make it interesting or exciting.<br /><br />It 's basically a bunch of people standing around in ARMY fatigues , talking about something boring , who occasionally go through the Stargate and end up on a planet that looks just like Earth , with people who look and sound just like Humans ! It seemed extremely low budget . The characters are all forgettable one dimensional cutouts , and the many attempts at humor fall flat . It reminds me when you see a commercial with a famous athlete in it , trying to be funny , but he is not . It is just sad.<br /><br />The movie was terrible as well . There is so much you can do with a portal through space , yet every place the ARMY people go is BORING ! This shows no imagination ! I actually thought the TV series " Alien Nation " from a few years back ( based on the movie Alien Nation ) was much better . That show actually had good story lines and decent characters . I was n't crazy about " Alien Nation " , but compared to this overrated crap , it was great!<br /><br />Also , unlike the great new " Battlestar Galactica " series , " Stargate " copied the look and feel of the lame movie too closely ! They should have at least updated the cheesy " toilet flushing " special effect of whenever somebody goes through the Stargate .
0 I m watching it now on pink ( Serbia TV station ) and I must say this is a crap . Shallow , no acting , effects too sloppy I mean , who made this series?<br /><br />This was a stupid attempt of the Studios to make some more money on the success of the film . OK . The film was great in 1994 when it came out . But the series?<br /><br />Some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters . I mean , did they actually pay someone to write that , was that someones relative at the Studio ? This is no SciFi.<br /><br />The film was the bomb , the series suck .
0 Having seen the first ten episodes , I must say this show sucks . < br /><br />What bothers me the most , is that the show was shot in Canada . I know it 's cheaper , but they should have shot it in California , so we could have had scenes in the desert . That would have been more true to the movie . The first scene where they are outside in another world is in the mountains , with lots of pinetrees where it looks cold . That does'nt feel very Egyptian . What worked so well in the movie was that it felt like you were in the ancient Egypt . Here it feels like they 're running around fighting aliens in a Canadian forrest . And it 's so lame that appaerantly , on other planets , the fall comes as well . You can see leaves on the ground in the forrests that all look like forrests outside Vancouver . It just makes the show even more unbelievable and dumb . < br /><br />And then there is Richard Dean Anderson . He is no Kurt Russel . Sure he does a decent job and he tries to copy Russels performance a little bit , but he is just not as cool as Russel . And not nearly as good an actor as Russel . And Russells way of playing O Neill , well he was much more cynical . Andersons O Neil , is way too soft . I liked it that Russels version just did'nt give a s * * * and had no trouble detonating the bomb until the very end of the movie . < br /><br />Michael Shanks does a really good job as Jackson though taking over from James Spader.<br /><br />Teal'c is a really annoying character . He is Jaffa . Not a Jaffa . Just Jaffa . Aaaarrgh ! ! A former bodyguard of a pathetic Ra character , seen only in the pilot and in one other episode so far . Teal'c speaks talks and acts like a robot . I 've seen better acting from Jean Claude Van Damme.<br /><br />And the fact that Teal'c and the Ra character and the people they saved in the movie , can speak English all of a sudden is also incredibly dumb . What made the aliens so scary in the movie was that they spoke an ancient language and were real monsters . < br /><br />As for the special effects , they are really good in the pilot . But the very rare effects in the actual show are badly done and looks cheap . Especially a planet they visit with crystals . It 's so obvious they walk around on a soundstage with a badly made painting in the background . It 's an insult to us viewers that they made it look so cheap . Especially when they could have made it in front of a bluescreen with cgi backgrounds . < br /><br />The X - files had better effects when they aired their first episodes in 1993 . That was 4 years before SG-1 started . And they did'nt have the apparent two million dollar budget per episode , that SG-1 supposedly had . They must have spend all the money on catering . Because I do n't see it on the screen . < br /><br />Incredibly boring and pointless show , that could have been great if they had shot the show in Hollywood with a bigger budget and better writers and better characters .
0 1 How is it that everyone can understand each other perfectly without devices like universal translators or translator microbes ? Did the creators of this show realize that people who were taken from different parts of the earth , in different time frames ( Attilla the Hun was n't a contemporary of preliterate Hellenic cultures , nor were the Vikings contemporary to the Pyramid builders ) speak different languages and can never develop a language so similar to modern day English(except for the inflections they " do not " use ) , which has been influenced by Latin , ancient Greek , Danish and French ? < br /><br />2 Cultural differences ca n't be overcome so easily , trust has to be won , yet everywhere the team arrives they are welcomed without any suspicion and start ordering people around like they are their appointed leaders . Of course real fans would comment that they are perceived as gods . The people they meet should be shocked by their technology and accuse them of witchcraft and the like.<br /><br />3 Historical background : none . Visually it might vaguely remind you of Greek or Viking culture , but anyone can dress in a bunch of tablecloths or run to a local costume rental for a plastic helmet with horns and claim to look the part . A small - town theater group probably has better props.<br /><br />4 Boring ! Another lame Canuck production , which inexplicably ran for ten long years . As a kids show it could make the grade , but anyone who has a little knowledge about human behavior and language could n't bear to even watch the first twelve episodes of season 1 , like I just did . I very much wanted to believe I had found a decent sci - fi show , otherwise I would shut it of and cleansed my computer of this refuge after the first five minutes !
0 The episodic version of Robert Heinlein 's Starship Troopers plays out at a deathly slow pace , following Johnny Rico leaving his parents , the ( not very attractive ) girl he lusts for , and joining the mobile infantry . The aliens in the show are nothing like the barbaric bugs from the film , instead being squid - like monsters that shoot lasers out of their mouths.<br /><br />Throughout watching this version , I was continually amazed at just how fruity they 've managed to make the whole thing . The show is concerned mostly with the relationships between the recruits , and the aching , prolonged gazes they give each other through their battle armour visors , with 80s synth pop sometimes arriving * during * the sparse battle sequences which at last turning up in the final few episodes . In terms of construction , it owes a debt to Top Gun , sharing much in terms of pacing and content ( and all that implies ) .
0 You 'd better choose Paul Verhoeven 's even if you have watched it .
0 The plot of this terrible film is so convoluted I 've put the spoiler warning up because I 'm unsure if I 'm giving anything away . The audience first sees some man in Jack the Ripper garb murder an old man in an alley a hundred years ago . Then we 're up to modern day and a young Australian couple is looking for a house . We 're given an unbelievably long tour of this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror . Some 105 year old woman lived there . There are also large iron panels covering a wall in the den . An old fashioned straight - razor falls out when they 're renovating and the husband keeps it . I guess he becomes possessed by the razor because he starts having weird dreams . Oh yeah , the couple is unable to have a baby because the husband is firing blanks . < br /><br />Some mold seems to be climbing up the wall after the couple removes the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person . Late in the story there is a plot about a large cache of money & the husband murders the body guard & a co - worker and steals the money . His wife is suddenly pregnant . < br /><br />What the hell is going on ? ? Who knows ? ? NOTHING is explained . Was the 105 year old woman the child of the serial killer ? The baby sister ? WHY were iron panels put on the wall ? How would that keep the serial killer contained in the cellar ? Was he locked down there by his family & starved to death or just concealed ? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get the iron panels ? ? He 's never seen again . WHY was the serial killer killing people ? We only see the one old man murdered . Was there a pattern or motive or something ? ? WHY does the wife suddenly become pregnant ? Is it the demon spawn of the serial killer ? Has he managed to infiltrate the husband 's semen ? And why , if the husband was able to subdue and murder a huge , burly security guard , is he unable to overpower his wife ? And just how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that it would knock him across the room simply cutting a light wire ? And why does the wife stay in the house ? Is she now possessed by the serial killer ? Is the baby going to be the killer reincarnated ? < br /><br />This movie was such a frustrating experience I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back ! The ONLY enjoyable aspect of this story was seeing the husband running around in just his boxer shorts for a lot of the time , but even that could n't redeem this muddled , incoherent mess .
0 ... that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful , Oscar - winning performance . One of the reasons why I was so impressed with Foxx 's performance in " Ray " was because from watching his hammy , obnoxious acting in movies like " Bait " and " Booty Call , " I would never imagine he would ever hold the Oscar . If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day going to win an Oscar , I would laugh right in their faces . Who knows ? Maybe he 's better off sticking to drama , because if you watch " Bait , " it 's clearly evident that comedy is not his forte . I swear , Jamie mugs so much in this movie that I 'm surprised his face did n't fall off . And why does he have to do those stupid voices at every chance he gets ? Anyone familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that doing comedy does n't require being loud and obnoxious . If a joke is funny , it 's funny . If it 's not funny , then doing some crazy accent is not going to make it any funnier . The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try acting is that they favor getting laughs over being in character . In real life , normal people do n't always have witty comebacks and quips . Like Albert Brooks said in an interview discussing his character in " Taxi Driver , " it 's important to be funny as your character , rather than be funny as a comedian . A prime example of Jamie violating that rule is the nauseatingly awful scene where his mug shots are being taken , and he starts posing for the photographs like a model . If a regular person were being thrown in jail , would he really be acting goofy while having his mug shots taken ? And would n't the police try to scold him if he was ? There are many scenes like that throughout the film . Another awful sequence is one where Jamie is on the unwittingly on the phone with the villain , and he starts doing a phony Caribbean accent . Not funny ! Not to mention Jamie never seems to acknowledge the timing of a joke . Giving a comedic performance requires patience , whereas he goes straight to the punchline , whether it 's the right time for it or not . I 'm not even a big Mike Epps fan , but even his performance is good in comparison to Jamie 's . As a matter of fact , this is the first time I felt somewhat relieved whenever he would appear on screen . Epps has the same flaws when it comes to comedy , but at least he chooses a more low - key approach . One of the few bright spots in this clunker of a comedy is David Morse , a highly underrated actor mostly known for his supporting roles as villains . He seems to be the only actor in the film concerned with grounding it in reality . However , fellow " Green Mile " star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly over - the - top as the villain . A big surprise , considering he gave a superb performance in " The Green Mile , " also playing a heavy . Antoine Fuqua has proved his directing chops in movies like " The Replacement Killers " and " Training Day . " Even in " Bait , " he shows he can direct a hell of an action sequence . His only problem seemed to be in disciplining Jamie Foxx , who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another . Unless you 're a die - hard fan of Foxx , please do n't take the bait .
0 After a day at work , I sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels . The movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting so I tuned in just before it started . The first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested , but the lack of acting ability in Jamie Foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie . If there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to David Morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting . All in all , do n't plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night .
0 Jamie Foxx is my favorite comedian . However , I feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role . Foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of Chris Tucker , Martin Lawrence and Dave Chapple , who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept ( See : Money Talks , Blue Streak).<br /><br />Okay I laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles , but I would love to see these guys branch out ala Marlon Wayans portrayal in Requiem to a Dream . Or In Living Color 's Tommy Davidson and Damon Wayans moving performances in Spike Lee 's satire Bamboozled .
0 Jamie Foxx is fun but this movie has been done before . The bad guy plays a " malkovichian " character from " In the Line of Fire " . The cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf ...
0 Well , i can and will be very short . This is a wrong - balanced , non - convincing film that could have been a little bit better . The script seems to not know which way to go ... from funny to cliche - wise serious ... it 's a bit silly . That plus too much sentences we have heard before " the hacker is in florida , or no , he is in madrid , no he is in ... , he is screwing the signal " . < br /><br />4 out of 10
0 photography was too jumpy to follow . dark scenes hard to see.<br /><br />Had good story line too bad it got lost somewhere . Too noisy for what was really happening Bottom line is it 's a baddddd movie
0 This is the first time I ever saw a movie with Jamie Foxx , and I bet it will be my last . I failed to see why he was funny , although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera , or for saying " I am going to take a shower".<br /><br />The plot is completely predictable . The bad guy comes after the good guy . The good guy has a woman , so the bad guy uses her . In between , the officials screwing up . The final scenes are utterly unbelievable . You spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy , but you do n't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?<br /><br />There 's no great acting , there is n't much of a plot or storyline , and the shooting is done MTV style . Do n't waste your money on this one.<br /><br / >
0 I love Jamie Foxx.<br /><br />And I enjoy 99 % of all movies I see.<br /><br />And I walked out of this one.<br /><br />Now , I admit , it may have had something to do with the two middle - aged white women in the back of theatre who laughed at every little thing ( " Oh no , Jamie 's knocking on a door ! HEE HEE HEE ! " ) , but ... this was just so incredibly annoying . There could be no sustained camera shot , and no camera shot from a conventional angle ... everything had to be in - your - face , loud , and annoying.<br /><br />The bad guy tried to be smooth and Malkovich - like , but at this point , it 's just old and tired . He brought nothing new or interesting . From all the characters , too many lines you saw coming , too many you 've heard before , and too many " tough guy " lines ... and I do n't mind that sort of thing , really , as long as there 's a bit of originality to it . In fact , pretty much the entire supporting cast just sucked.<br /><br />I love Jamie Foxx , and I think he 's really funny , and I thought he was funny in this movie ... but not nearly funny enough for me to endure everything else . < br /><br />This movie needed less shoot - em - up , less annoying camera shots , more emotion , more feeling , and more Jamie Foxx . I gave it a 2 .
0 What ? Is Jamie Foxx supposed to be funny?Does he really believe he is funny?Well , it 's funny watching his confidence in being funny . The man has no identity whatsoever ... I mean you can immediately see who his idols are , Denzel Washington and Martin Lawrence , because he tries really hard to imitate them in most of his movies . The only problem is that he does it bad , uneven , and what comes out are some parts where he somewhat looks like Denzel , with that macho - s**t attitude and then abruptly goes to being Martin Lawrence , the funny and clumsy - silly comic . There 's no personal touch to all that , I mean he contributes nothing to the personality he tries to sell , and I 'm sure he has nothing to say personally . He really is Mr. Dull - boy in person.<br /><br />I was really hoping Hollywood , and the black community in America would find somebody better to launch into super stardom , like Don Cheadle for example , but perhaps the pathetic Jamie better represents the generation that remixes the old .
0 I was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb . I just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at A.I.R. as it was know as back then . Thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and I do n't have to sit through the whole thing . It was more of a big party than a movie set but hey , the pay was good . Attention to detail was not a strong point for this one , but who was going to know . The funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed . A lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed I suppose to shave cost and time . But every one was having such a good time who cared !
0 This is surely one of the worst films ever made and released by a major Hollywood studio . The plot is simply stupid . The dialog is written in clichés ; you can complete a great many sentences in the script because of this . The acting is ridiculously bad , especially that of Rod Cameron . The " choreography " is silly and wholly unerotic . One can only pity the reviewer who saw 23-year - old Yvonne 's dance as sexual ; it 's merely very bad choreography . The ballet scene in the film 's beginning is especially ludicrous . If you are into bad movies and enjoy laughing at some of Hollywood 's turkeys , this is for you . I bought the colorized version on VHS , making the movie even worse . Yvonne 's heavy makeup , when colored , has her looking like a clown all the time . And she 's the best part of this film . What a way to launch a career .
0 This film is about British prisoners of war from the World War II escaping from a camp in Germany.<br /><br />I find " The Wooden Horse " disappointingly boring . The subject could have been thrilling , suspenseful and adrenaline fuelled , but " The Wooden Horse " is told in a very plain way . It 's a collection of plain and poorly told events , with no suspension and thrill . The first half plainly tells how the prisoners of war dug a tunnel , but the events are so plain , with not enough blunders and close shaves to make me on edge . The latter half of the film is even worse , they are just moving from one place to another without any cat and mouse chase . And could the characters talk a bit less and have more action in an action film ! I am disappointed by " The Wooden Horse " , it wasted the potential to be a great film .
0 Early film directed by D.W. Griffith ; it features a gloriously happy King ( Arthur V. Johnson ) and his Queen ( Marion Leonard ) - but , wait ! When the King leaves the scene , his Queen makes music with the palace 's Minstrel ( Henry B. Walthall ) . When the King discovers the lovers , he decides to enact a horrific Edgar Allen Poe - type revenge . It 's difficult to believe the lovers ca n't hear those plotting against them ; although the actors are trying to look alternately noisy ( the lovers ) and quiet ( the cement mixers ) . The sets make " The Sealed Room " look very staged . The performances are okay , and the story is easy to follow . < br /><br / > * * * The Sealed Room ( 9/2/09 ) D.W. Griffith ~ Arthur V. Johnson , Henry B. Walthall , Marion Leonard
0 In contrast to my fellow reviewers , I always try to find something redeeming in any film I see . Yes , the quality of the dubbing and lighting is abysmal , the acting is wooden and the opening sequence highly misleading what with all those lascivious female lesbian vampires with blood dripping . Something must be lost in the translation of the word " Bloodsucker " from the Italian in the title ; almost as if the producers were originally going to film a Gothic Vampire tale and then changed their minds but could not afford to give up their dramatic opening sequence , so tacked it onto the film anyway.<br /><br />This film made in 1975 has recently been issued on DVD and comes with its own theatrical trailer which in some respects is more daring than seen in the film!Now anyone who buys this film has probably already read its synopsis anyway and knows what to expect - Italian softporn from the mid 1970s . I bought it because I am attracted to Christa Nelli ( credited most often as " Krista Nell").The absence of a cast of characters I find most frustrating in a lot of these Eurosleaze films from the 60s & 70s . I had hoped Imdb would show the cast of characters as one hears their names in the film but without a cast list , it is very difficult to link them to the actor concerned . I think Krista Nell played " Cora " but underneath that massive hair style , costume and make - up it is difficult to distinguish her for sure.<br /><br />There is mostly a two dimensional portrayal by the actors of their parts and no one really stands out . Maybe something is lost in the dubbing process . What were the positive points?Well the music was atmospheric and of course if you 're into beautiful lesbian soft porn its there . The external locations used were good and I would like to know where they filmed the castle on its island . It purports to be set in " Ireland " ( North or the Republic?)in 1902 , so everyone sports period piece costumes . Some of the scenes I found unintentionally funny especially those sex scenes!!Anyway an enjoyable romp . I rated it 4/10 .
0 ( aka : The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance)<br /><br />Lots of naked babes in this one with a couple of lesbo scenes thrown in . The film is supposed to take place in Ireland but it looks more like Rome and the Adriatic to me.<br /><br />Gothic lesbians get invited to a Count 's island castle for the weekend . One by one they seem to be missing their heads due to a madperson running around.<br /><br />It 's not very scary or bloody and the rooms look like they are lit with floodlights even though candles are lit . Go figure ... (sic)<br /><br />Dubbing is worse than usual and the plot only serves as an excuse for the eroticism and nudity . Directed by euro horror actor Alfredo Rizzo , this is one snoozer.<br /><br />Pretty boring 2 out of 10
0 Wow - this one sucks . I 'm gon na sum it up as quickly as possible .   < br /><br />A count invites 4 naive sluts back to his castle . A bunch of nothing happens for a long time . Some lame and un - erotic soft - core sex scenes happen . Some girls get their heads cut off ( off - screen)-The End.<br /><br />The only things going for this one are the decent looking sets and costumes , some bad dubbing which leads to some unintentionally funny dialogue , and a few brief nudie shots . And believe me - those things are not enough to redeem the 90-minutes of tedium that this film is . In fact - the best part is the tacked on beginning from the distributor that features some slutty goth chicks covered in blood and showing their tits - and again - this is definitely not worth the price of admission for this garbage . As everyone else has noted- the title of the film is completely nonsensical - as there 's absolutely no bloodsucking , nor dancing of any sort in the film at all . It may as well have been called ' The Goat - Raper Leads the Circle - Jerk'-and at least then it would have had a better title that also pertains to nothing in the film . An accurate title would have been ' 90 Minutes of Torture'-another alluring title that would have at least been truthful ... for the viewer . Honestly - the trailer that 's on the disc shows all the best parts ( and i use the term ' best ' extremely loosely ... ) so I highly suggest watching that instead if you 're still curious .   I ca n't imagine anyone liking this wreck of a film - please take my advice and leave this one on the shelf . 2/10  
0 A particularly maligned example of Italian cult cinema with a nonsensical title to boot ( if anything , the alternate THE MARK OF Satan is even less relevant to the plot ! ) , this hybrid of Gothic Horror and Giallo ( with a strong dose of Erotica ) only contrives a flat sort of atmosphere throughout  actually matched by handling which is downright dreadful ! Here , we get the usual group of people ( an acting troupe ) stranded on an island ( to which they were invited by a Count  since he had become enamored of the leading lady , a dead - ringer for his missing spouse ) ! The characters are pretty much stereotypes : middle - aged but dashing hero ( played by Giacomo Rossi - Stuart and whose family history bears more than its share of violent tragedy ) , demure heroine , sluttish companion ( recalling Mae West and emerging the most annoying of the lot ! ) , a meek but devoted stage manager ( forever chided by one and all for his unmanly behavior ! ) , a couple of lesbians , a mysterious gardener ( the ubiquitous Luciano Pigozzi who , for once , gets in on the action , if you know what I mean ) , an envious housekeeper ( nominal star Femi Benussi though , for what it is worth , this is really an ensemble piece ) , a religious fanatic of a butler , an impressionable chambermaid , etc . While the film is not by any means unwatchable , the atrocious dubbing , snail 's pace , shoddy production ( with the scenes depicting the raging sea lifted from some black - and - white film ! ) and the fact that the murders only occur within the concluding half - hour do not help matters . Besides , Marcello Giombini 's score , though pleasant in itself , comes off as incongruously modern under the circumstances ; that said , the revelation proves a surprisingly elaborate one ( considering there is surely no shortage of suspects here ) .
0 After an initial release of 4 very good Eurotrash titles , REDEMPTION has managed to scrape the bottom of the barrel with THE BLOODSUCKER LEADS THE DANCE . I found NO Bloodsuckers anywhere in this movie.<br /><br />The story is simple . A mysterious count invites several actresses to his castle for a little vacation . After some sofcore sexual shenanigans the girls get decapitated one by one . Who is the killer ? Who knows ? There are more red herrings in this one than at the local fish market on Friday.<br /><br />The pace is excruciating . The story is silly and the skin scenes are n't all that terrific either.<br /><br />Give this one a miss .
0 This movie is not only a very bad movie , with awful actors --or presumed actors-- , a bored direction and a story unattractive , it also copies exactly an scene from the excellent " giallio " " Torso " , directed by Sergio Martino in 1973 ( two years before ) , one of the most celebrated psycho - thrillers of Italian cinema and a cult - movie around the world . In " La Sanguinusa conduce la danza " , the director replays the bed scene between the black girl and the white girl , with an peeping - tom watching from a window of the bedroom . Naturally , the scene in Rizzo 's movie is ridiculous and inferior to the softness and charming in Martino 's film . To put another black girl , another white girl and another peeping - tom replaying the scene is simply the most appropriate way of prove that Rizzo 's movie has no ideas , no originality , no taste , and nothing at all . I think that such things are an offense to spectator .
0 La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza , or The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance as I believe is it 's common English title , is set on ' Ireland ' in ' 1902 ' where the mysterious Count Richard Marnack ( Giacomo Rossi - Stuart ) invites soon - to - be out of work theatre actress Evelyn ( Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi ) & three more of her fellow soon - to - be out of work actress friends Cora ( Krista Nell ) , Penny ( Lidia Olizzi ) & Rosalind ( Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani ) to his castle situated on a small island just off the coast . At first Evelyn is reluctant but is persuaded when it is agreed stage hand Samuel ( Leo Valeriano ) goes along as well . Once there Count Marnack tells his guests that his Father & Grandfather both cut the heads off their cheating wives using a ceremonial knife & there 's a feeling of unease when it turns out that Evelyn looks EXACTLY the same as the current Count 's wife who ran away not too long ago ... Along with having to worry about weirdo servants it turns out that someone wants to use the knife themselves to chop a few heads off ... <br /><br />This Italian production was written & directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is total , complete & utter crap from start to finish . First things first lets start the criticism with the title The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance , lets examine that title because when I do I feel somewhat cheated that there are n't any Vampires or any form of bloodsucking whatsoever , no - one ' leads ' anything at anytime & there most certainly is n't any dance or dancing so do n't expect any of these things . What you should expect though is a tedious , dull , boring pointless little ' giallo ' that takes over an hour before anyone is killed & any sort of murder mystery starts to take shape , the first hour of La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is as plot less & uninteresting as anything out there . The best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring soft - core porn film you 've ever seen , then cut most of the soft - core porn out & that just leaves bad actors , bad dubbing , bad dialogue , a tiny bit of soft - core sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing else . Yep , it really is that bad . The mystery elements are crap , people do illogical things for no apparent reason & the overly complicated ' twist ' ending is as bad as the rest of it , The Sixth Sense ( 1999 ) this ain't!<br /><br />Director Rozzi does an OK job & La Sanguisga Conduce la Danza actually has a nice look & feel to it despite it 's obvious low budget , I mean there are scenes where he shows a ' storm ' raging outside the castle however the stock footage used is in black & white ! So the film jumps from bright colour to black & white whenever it cuts to the storm & back to colour again ! There is one absolutely hilarious scene where a maid & her friend discuss her breasts & she lets her friend feel them who is then full of compliments , this scene is so funny & just so unnatural that it 's priceless & easily the films best moment even if a bad 70 's porno would be embarrassed by the dialogue ! There is minimal nudity & the sex / lesbian scenes are very tame . Forget about any blood or gore as there is n't any apart from a decapitated head.<br /><br />Technically the films pretty good , the period setting & production design are actually quite impressive although it 's not massive in scope it does the job effectively enough . The film has a nice sense of colour & the cinematography is fine . The film is dubbed so it 's hard to give an opinion on the original performances but the voice actors are terrible & the dialogue is even worse than usual.<br /><br />La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza is a terrible film , it makes no sense , it has virtually no story for over an hour , it has possibly the most misleading title ever & is really dull & boring with a confused stupid ' twist ' ending . As far as Euro horror fans go there are plenty of much better films than this so please do n't waste your time , as for anyone else this is definitely one to avoid . Trivia Note : the notorious ( & banned in the UK ) Nazi exploitation / horror film Horrifying Experiments of the S.S Last Days ( 1977 ) AKA SS Hell Camp & The Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella & he has a fairly substantial role as a police detective in La Sanguisuga Conduce la Danza .
0 The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance - what a laughable title , it 's so utterly misleading . It 's not surprising that the film - makers try and mislead us though because this is one terrible movie.<br /><br />The story basically involves a murder mystery in a castle on a remote island.<br /><br />Very little happens in this film . And when something does wake the viewer from his stupor , it invariably is unintentional comedy in the form of atrocious dialogue delivered by a hopeless group of voice - artists . These guys are so bad they make the actors they deliver voices for appear like a group of remedial - level morons . It really is hard to determine how bad the acting is when you have dubbing this abysmal . But the voice - artists can not be blamed for the script . It 's a travesty . Unintentionally funny at best , pathetic at worst . The story in general is , to say the least , uneven . The women characters are particularly idiotic ; the men are either creepy or tedious.<br /><br />The whole enterprise smacks of pure exploitation of the audience . It does n't remotely deliver what it promises and even when the murders ( finally ) start happening , they all occur off screen . All we get is a few half - hearted severed head shots.<br /><br />A few people have said that this movie is a giallo . I can not agree less with this opinion . Anyone who enjoys Italian thrillers should give this movie a wide berth as there is nothing remotely thrilling about it . It 's basically a soft - core porn film with a horror angle . But it 's not very erotic either.<br /><br />I ca n't recommend this to anyone .
0 The Horror Channel plays nothing but erotic soft porn Gothic flicks each night from 10 pm till about 4 in the morning , but their ' scare ' factor is very limited , if one exists at all . In fact I am sure I will find a multi - million pound lottery win more scary than anything this channel has to offer.<br /><br />The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance deserves special mention because it is I feel , the undisputed low of a channel full of lows . I can not even begin to tell you how bad this film is , but for the purpose of completing the minimum 10 lines demanded by this site , I will at least give it a go.<br /><br />Firstly the title is misleading and bears no resemblance to the action on the screen . In fact the film might as well have been called ' Toothbrush ' or ' Wallpaper ' for all it has to do with the plot . At least they used toothbrushes ... at least they had wallpaper.<br /><br />There are no bloodsuckers for miles around and what s even worse there are no dances , not one . I 'm sure they were making two different films by mistake here.<br /><br />A more suitable title would have been , ' Horny Italian Count Leads Five People to a Scary Castle and Bores us Silly for Ninety Minutes . ' Yes that fits better.<br /><br />The acting is terrible and and the dubbing appalling , and that guy who plays Seymour was almost as wooden in his walk as he was in his character .... abysmal.<br /><br />The only saving graces of this film are a small but slightly interesting lesbian sex scene , two small and very interesting heterosexual sex scenes , and the added attraction in that every single female character gets her kit off . Bonus.<br /><br />Otherwise steer a wide birth away from this one . No vampires , no dancing , no scenes of a brutal or gruesome nature and no way on Gods earth I will ever , ever , ever watch this one again.<br /><br />No word of a lie , this film could put you off motion pictures for life .
0 I saw this movie when i was much younger and i thought it was funny . I saw it again last week , and you can guess the result . Some funny parts in it , very few and too long . The beginning is the only thing that is funny if you ask me.<br /><br />If you want a total b - movie this is a good pick , but do n't expect too much from aliens dwarf size
0 This is a really dumb movie . It could be fun with the cool looking aliens and the country setting , but it just isn't.<br /><br />Some aliens hear the broadcast of War of the Worlds when a small country radio station plays it on Halloween . They come to Earth to kill humans , but instead of killing , they make people their slaves and act goofy . The front cover of the film shows these aliens riding surfboards in space ... not really what they do . These are n't party aliens , they are stupid cartoonish idiots with annoying high pitched modulated voices . The alien with the most tolerable voice also happens to be the Jack Nicholson rip - off alien who always wears his sunglasses . Other than the aliens , the acting is terrible . The writing is obviously meant for children , because every character is written like a kid.<br /><br />This is a dumb movie , that only children will appreciate , maybe.<br /><br />My rating : 1/2 out of * * * * . 100 mins . PG for mild language .
0 Imagine you 're a high - school boy , in the back of a dark , uncrowded theater with your girlfriend . How bad would a movie have to be , in order that you would feel compelled to leave the theater and head home before it ended ? This movie is that bad . Really . Movies often become so bad that they 're good ; this movie is beyond that stage of bad - ness . It is painfully bad . Horribly , terribly , crime - against - humanity bad .
0 This was an incredibly stupid movie . It was possibly the worst movie I 've ever had the displeasure of sitting through . I can not fathom how it ranks a rating of 5 or 6 .............
0 Sloppily directed , witless comedy that supposedly spoofs the " classic " 50s " alien invasion " films , but really is no better than them , except of course in the purely technical department ( good makeup effects ) . And any spoof that is worse than its target is doomed to fail ( " Casino Royale " , " Our Man Flint " are worse than almost any James Bond movie ) . After two hours of hearing the screeching voices of the aliens , you 'll be begging for some peace and quiet . ( * 1/2 )
0 Dysfunctional family goes home for the holidays and murder and mayhem result . Violent sexy Milligan at his most home made . Little better than a home movie ( as much of Milligans films are ) this is a trip into depravity 1960 's style . Notable for the copious nudity and sex this film is neither sexy nor gruesome , playing now more as quaint.(though decidedly r rated ) . The film suffers from its uneven cast and from the cheapness of the production.(No one was ever sure where the money went on his movies since he was always broke ) . Its a bad bad movie that s not worth seeing except as a Milligan completeist or because its got some good looking people fooling around .
0 If you 're after the real story of early Baroque painter Artemisia Gentileschi , you 'll be disappointed- however if you 're after a reasonably crafted bodice ripper with an art theme , you 've found you 're movie.<br /><br />This film is such a foundationally inaccurate depiction of Artemisia Gentileschi 's life that it almost made me weep . ( Type in Artemisia inaccuracies in Google and check out some of the fact vs. fiction articles . ) From a purely technical point of view though , the film was alright : the sets , costumes , and especially the chiaroscuro lighting helped create an immersive early 17th century experience ; although the above mentioned GLARING FACTUAL INACCURACIES let it down a bit.<br /><br />I wonder how the director / co - writer Agnès Merlet defended her film at the time ? Perhaps she refused to portray Artemisia as a victim , which would 've been unfortunate , because lets face it , she was .
0 As others have noted , this movie is criminally inaccurate in its portrayal of the artist 's life and I for one was very annoyed and offended ... by its transformation of her rape into a tragic love affair , by the implication that her rapist was responsible for ' awakening her talent , ' by its complete disregard for her work , by the way it turned her into a sex object , on and on , you get the idea . Also , I find it disturbing that people who are n't familiar with Gentileschi will see this film and walk away with that kind of impression of her .
0 Artemesia takes the usual story about the art world , eg , " You ca n't paint that ! But I want to ! " and plasters it with sex and scandal to make the whole film , well , interesting , but not remarkable.<br /><br />The story is about one of the first female painters around , Artemesia who course , is fiercely independent , but just ca n't stop thinking of men , and their bodies   for artistic purposes of course . She soon gets private tutoring from one of a well known artist , but soon tutoring becomes much more then art , and soon after that , scandal erupts ! Funny how they could take a historical biography and make it almost into a soft - porn fantasy . I mean , was Artemesia THAT much of a man - hungry person ? Also , it 's quite funny when she 's insisting that she " paints for herself ! " yet falls for the first person she sees.<br /><br />Actually , the story itself is quite fascinating , and it ends with a trial , which I always love . But I was n't too crazy about the male lead who played her teacher , who looked rather like the person someone like that would n't fall for . I woulda gone for the young fisherman :P
0 The acting is good , the women are beautiful , and the men are handsome , so if you 're looking for well - acted soft porn , this movie is for you . Otherwise , you are wasting your time . The motivation of the main characters , in particular the eponymous lead , is often a mystery . She could have just told the truth - the truth as presented in the film , not necessarily the historical truth - and her lover would have been spared time in jail for a rape he did not commit . Was she protecting her father , who went off half - cocked , as it were , when he impetuously instigated a malicious lawsuit ? Was she protecting herself , with her reputation suddenly of concern when heretofore only her art seemed to matter ? During the trial , this strong - willed woman turns to mush before our eyes . Conversely , her lover , who starts off as a narcissistic jerk , becomes a selfless hero during the trial . At least his motivation is clearer : he sacrifices himself for love . Naturally , since no good deed must go unpunished , we are told that she never sees him again .
0 An awful film ! It must have been up against some real stinkers to be nominated for the Golden Globe . They 've taken the story of the first famous female Renaissance painter and mangled it beyond recognition . My complaint is not that they 've taken liberties with the facts ; if the story were good , that would perfectly fine . But it 's simply bizarre -- by all accounts the true story of this artist would have made for a far better film , so why did they come up with this dishwater - dull script ? I suppose there were n't enough naked people in the factual version . It 's hurriedly capped off in the end with a summary of the artist 's life -- we could have saved ourselves a couple of hours if they 'd favored the rest of the film with same brevity .
0 What did the director think ? Everybody who has read the biography of Artemisia is left impressed by her guts to face a public rape trial in Renaissance times and even suffer torture in order to show that Tassi was guilty . That fact shows the real independence and emancipation - in her most terrible hour she stands her MAN . Why do movies depicting Renaissance have to be so clinically beautiful and romantic , are we afraid to see the gritty side of life or has the Hollywood happy - happy - mood won ? While I would always defend a director 's freedom to create his own reality in a movie I can not make sense of turning Artimisia 's life story on its head . Very disappointing choice by the makers of this film .
0 This flick was a blow to me . I guess little girls should aspire to be nothing more than swimsuit models , home makers or mistresses , since that seems to be all they 'll ever be portrayed as anyway . It is truly saddening to see an artist 's work and life being so unjustly misinterpretated . Inconcievably ( or perhaps it should have been expected ) , Artemisia 's entire character and all that she stands for , had been reduced to a standard Hollywood , female character ; a pitiful , physically flawless , helpless little creature , displaying none of the character traits that actually got her that place in history which was being mutilated here . Sadder yet , was to see that a great part of the audience was too badly educated in the area to comprehend the incredible gap between the message conveyed in the film , and reality . To portray the artist as someone in love with her real - life rapist , someone whom she in reality accused of raping her even when under torture , just plain pisses me off . If the director had nothing more substantial to say she should have refrained from basing her story on a real person .
0 When I saw the preview , I thought : this is going to be a great movie . And indeed it could have been . The actress playing the main character was very credible , and the beauty of the filming is undeniable . However the dialogues cast a dark shadow on the whole picture . The level of language was too familiar and too contemporary for an action taking place in 1610 , and it took away most of the magic of the film . However , I must congratulate the translator , because the English sub - titles were more refined and appropriate that the original French cues , and it probably explains the good rating the movie received on the imbd !
0 I was disgusted by this movie . No it was n't because of the graphic sex scenes , it was because it ruined the image of Artemisia Gentileschi . This movie does not hold much truth about her and her art . It shows one piece of art work that she did ( Judith Beheading Holofernese ) but shows that being entered as testimony in the rape trial when she did not paint her first Judith for a year after the trial.<br /><br />I do n't know if you understood this from the movie , probably not , Tassi was not a noble character . He RAPED Artemisia . It was not love , it was rape . He did not claim to accept false charges of rape to stop her from suffering while she was tortured . According to the rape transcripts he continued to claim that he never carnally knew Artemisia ( aka had sex with ) while she states over and over again " It 's true".<br /><br />I encourage all of you people to go out and find about the real Artemisia and see what she is really about . Do n't base all of your knowledge on this fictional movie . I encourage you to do some research , Artemisia really does have interesting story behind her and some amazing art work.<br /><br />Don't see the movie , but find out the true story of Artemisia .
0 I did n't think the French could make a bad movie , but I was , clearly , very wrong . As has been said before , this film essentially uses its title character as a point of departure ; its portrayal of her life and person have little or nothing to do with the real Artemisia Gentileschi . < br /><br />The script is awful -- pretentious , stilted , and vapid -- and its rewriting of the facts is unusually offensive even in a genre that all too often makes its living by distorting , rather than retelling , history . Along with some fairly decent set design , Valentina Cervi 's physical charms are the primary asset of this movie , and it 's obvious from the beginning that the filmmakers were aware of this too ; they waste no time in contriving various " erotic " sequences which have far more to do with titillation than with plot or character development . Unfortunately , the appeal of seeing a pretty young girl in a state of feigned sexual arousal can not , and does not , sustain this movie . The acting is unremarkable , and the score is all too generic despite an interesting chord or two . The cinematography is OK , and there are some pretty colors , but there are also some pretty ridiculous sequences using distorted - lens effects more appropriate for a 1960s freakout movie than a costume drama . In any event , the script leaves the camera dwelling all too often on Artemisia 's body , and all too seldom on her paintings.<br /><br />All told , a near - complete failure . It 's not intelligent or tasteful enough to be a serious film , and it 's too slow and pretentious to work as soft - core pornography . So the French can fail , after all !
0 It figures this is a French film , LOL , with the emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why is it the French are so fixated on this kind of thing ? When the age difference is this great , it really comes off as pervy ! Valentina Cervi is beautiful ( she bears a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey , of Zeffirelli 's ' 68 Romeo and Juliet , set in a similar period ) , but she looks about 15 and the actor playing Tassi , her painting instructor , looks ... well , 50 is KIND.<br /><br />Other posters have done the work of explaining the historical record ( unusually detailed in this case ) of the real Artemisia , a great artist and one of the earliest recognized female painters of this period ( 17th century ) . Her story speaks to us in modern times particularly because of the age - old accusation that " all great artists were men " -- she pretty much blasts that assertion to bits -- and because the story of her rape trial is so poignant . Not only was she clearly assaulted , and forced into a degrading sexual relationship ( because in those days marriage to your assaulter was the only way to avoid social shame ) , but Tassi was a serial rapist and possibly killed his wife and child.<br /><br />The movie does a terrible disservice by inverting this truly fascinating and remarkable real life story -- very dramatic and not in need of any " spicing up " -- because in some weird Frencified way , it 's " hotter " to have an oversexed teenager drawing male sexual organs and having a hot love affair with a man old enough to be her grandfather . That 's " sexy " -- the truth is boring and seems too feminist / politically correct.<br /><br />It also disturbs me that this is ONLY part of Artemisia life considered interesting enough to film . The fact that she painted for decades ( her famous painting of Judith beheading Holfernes was painted AFTER , not before the rape ) , that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy , that she went on to have children ... oh that 's boring stuff . After all , that 's about a middle aged woman and they are n't " hot " like teenagers.<br /><br />I understand that there is a lot of creative license in making a film ( or a book ) about a real historical character . You need to create dialog , have subplots , create dramatic structure . Certainly some details can be sacrificed -- it 's no big deal if the dates are moved a few years , or if Artemisia is played by a blonde actress ( when we know from her self portraits that she was a brunette ... and a big boned one , not a skinny minny ) , or something like that . But to turn her story around on her , and make rape into a romance is actually sick and disturbing . It 's even worse because the director is female . She should be horribly ashamed of herself!<br /><br />If you LIKE this ( and I know some people could care less about the real woman artist and just like period costumes and hot sex ) , you will probably like " Dangerous Beauty " with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack . Similarly based on heavily re - written history , with lots of heaving bosoms and jewel encrusted goblets : Bon Appetit !
0 Any time a movie is so myopic in its desire to present a particular ending or viewpoint that it simply does n't bother with an actual story , it 's annoying . Those are the types of movies where the ending or viewpoint is conceived first , and the story simply tacked on . For this reason we often talk of the story " jumping through hoops " as it twists about , trying in vain to progress to the preordained ending in a logical fashion.<br /><br />The story in " Comet Over Broadway " does n't just jump through hoops , it 's a three ring circus . It 's so ludicrous , so ill - conceived , so disingenuous that , if you are prone to speaking aloud to the screen , you will be carrying on quite a rant before it 's through.<br /><br />The central theme of this screenplay cesspool is that of a woman choosing between family and profession . Since it 's all so horribly muddled it will end up offensive to people of either opinion . So , in the end there 's no point to the story , the theme becomes irrelevant and , as is often the case with poor screenplays , the acting does n't save a thing .
0 2 stars for Kay Francis -- she 's wonderful ! And she did n't deserve this horrible tripe that Warner Bros. threw her way ! < br /><br />The two - pronged premise that this movie is based on is ridiculous and unbelievable in the extreme . Kay is a small - town wife and mother who yearns for something bigger : she wants to be an actress . When a big - shot actor comes to town and invites Kay to his hotel to talk about possibilities , Kay tells her husband she 's going to the movies . The hubby 's biddy of a mother puts a bug in hubby 's ear that Kay 's not being truthful , and he sets out looking for her . He finds her w/ the actor in the hotel ( they are only talking ! ) and he slugs the guy , who falls over a railing , lands face - first in a pond ( lake ? ) , and dies . Now here 's the two unbelievable premises upon which the rest of the movie is based : < br /><br />1 ) the judge tells the jury that if it 's determined that the man died * before * his head went into the water , that they must find the hubby guilty of first degree murder . ( Whaaaaa ? ? ? ? ? ? I think slugging a guy in a fit of rage would count for manslaughter or murder 2 at the most , not FIRST DEGREE murder . Give me a break ! But the plot required him being found guilty of murder 1 so that he could be sent to prison for life . Whatever . ) < br /><br />2 ) the hubby 's lawyer , after the conviction and sentencing , tells Kay that it 's all HER fault . His reasoning is that if she had n't gone over to the actor 's room , then her husband would n't have had to go after her and slug the guy and kill him . He tells her that she 's the guilty one , not her husband , and she nods and agrees . What . The . Hell ? ! ? ! ? ! The rest of the movie is all about Kay trying to achieve fame and money in order to get her husband released from prison and right the wrong she committed by causing him to kill the actor dude in the first place.<br /><br />I ca n't even go on with this review . The movie was just all too painful . Four years earlier , in the pre - code days , you 'd never have caught Kay playing such a wimp ! In true Kay Francis fashion , though , she did do her best to make us believe that this woman was a believable character . I give her much credit for trying to breathe some life and credibility to this thankless role . This character was a far cry from pre - code Kay roles and real - life spitfire Kay Francis.<br /><br />Steer way clear of this one ! There are much better Kay Francis vehicles out there ! ( From personal experience , I can highly recommend Mary Stevens , MD and Jewel Robbery ; also good are Dr. Monica and One Way Passage . I 'm sure there 's other great Kay flicks as well , but I 'm only mentioning the ones I 've seen and can recommend . )
0 Wow , the plot for this film is all over the place ! There is so much plot and so many things that happen that it practically made my head spin ! ! And , as a result , none of it seemed particularly believable.<br /><br />The movie starts with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town . She 's had some experience with local theater and has ambitions of going to Broadway . When a big - time actor arrives in town , she pursues him in hopes that he can give her a career boost . But , her husband is worried about shenanigans -- as this actor is a cad . So , the hubby bursts in on them and hits the actor -- and the actor dies ! As a result , he 's convicted of First Degree Murder ! ! ! Not Manslaughter , but Murder 1 ! Now , pregnant and in need of funds , Kay goes to New York . But Broadway jobs are n't to be found , so she 's forced to take any job -- even Burlesque . Unable to adequately care for her young daughter , she gives it to another woman to raise . However , eventually she does find a job in a real Broadway play and everything looks rosy . But , the jealous diva starring in the play hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to be thrown off the play . Despondent , she makes her way to England and becomes a real star . Years later , she returns to New York to get her kid -- but the child is older and thinks the woman caring for her is her real mother . At the same time , her husband 's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000 he can get the man out of prison . As another reviewer wrote , is this to bribe people ? ! How can $ 10,000 get him out otherwise -- maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison yard and scoop him up ! ! Wow -- this is enough for 2 or 3 films ! And , all this occurs by the 45 minute mark ! ! ! Believe it or not , there 's quite a bit more to it . If you really care , see it yourself to find out how it all unfolds.<br /><br />This is sort of like ' kitchen sink writing'--throwing in practically everything and hoping , somehow , it will all work . Unfortunately , the film turns out to be hopelessly unbelievable and mushy despite Ms. Francis ' best efforts . It 's the sort of film no one could really have saved thanks to a 2nd - rate plot . It 's almost as if someone just took a few dozen plot elements , threw them into a box and then began randomly picking them in order to make a movie ! ! Overall , unless you are a die - hard Kay Francis fan or love anything Hollywood made in the 1930s , this one is one you can easily skip . Not terrible but certainly not good.<br /><br />By the way , the child who plays Francis ' daughter upon her return to New York ( Sybil Jason ) really was terrible . I think she was supposed to be ... I think .
0 The competition for the worst Warner Bros Kay Francis movie is stiff . I 've only seen perhaps eight of them , but Comet over Broadway is the worst so far . The very best thing about it is that it 's short . Oh , and the Orry - Kelly gowns ( of course ) are fine . James Wong Howe 's cinematography is not . Kay Francis throughout looks fat - faced and far less attractive than she normally does . Minna Gombell whom I do n't know otherwise is good as a semi - tough " burlesque " dancer ( it looked more like a fashion show than burlesque ) . The closing shot - Kay Francis and her child ( when did the child learn that Kay Francis was her mother ? Did I doze off ? ) walking up a dirt path toward a prison painted in misty outlines on a sound stage drop is beyond ludicrous . The whole film is so cheap , so implausible and so careless that it feels infected by a sour cynicism on the part of everyone who made it : Warner Bros tossing garbage to dolts who do n't know , in Warner Bros ' cynical estimation of them , that what they 're getting is garbage .
0 I read somewhere that when Kay Francis refused to take a cut in pay , Warner Bros. retaliated by casting her in inferior projects for the remainder of her contract.<br /><br />She decided to take the money . But her career suffered accordingly.<br /><br />That might explain what she was doing in " Comet Over Broadway . " ( Though it does n't explain why Donald Crisp and Ian Hunter are in it , too . ) " Ludicrous " is the word that others have used for the plot of this film , and that 's right on target . The murder trial . Her seedy vaudeville career . Her success in London . Her final scene with her daughter . No part logically leads to the next part.<br /><br />Also , the sets and costumes looked like B - movie stuff . And her hair ! Turner is showing lots and lots of her movies this month . Watch any OTHER one and you 'll be doing yourself a favor .
0 When converting a book to film , it is generally a good idea to keep at least some of the author 's intended tone or conveyed concepts , rather than ignoring the author altogether . While it is clear that the director had access to and went on the advice of Elinore Stewart 's children , it is key to note that the children believed their mother to be a complete liar in regards to the good , enriching , strengthening experiences of homesteading her land . The book details her life on her and her husband 's adjoining homesteads in the vast Wyoming frontier ; she chronicles daily adventures with her numerous friends and acquaintances , though they lived dozens of miles apart . The film , however , takes a standard stance for the time it was made , portraying this woman 's experience as harsh , unforgiving , and nearly pointless . Perhaps the director was bringing some of his Vietnam War experiences with him to this movie ( as some film aficionados have said ) , but it seems to be a lousy excuse for taking all the joy and beauty of the book and twisting it into a bleak , odious landscape devoid of friends or hope . Do n't waste your time with this movie ; read the book instead .
0 One of the most disgusting films I have ever seen . I wanted to vomit after watching it . I saw this movie in my American History class and the purpose was to see an incite on the life of a farmer in the West during the late 1800 's . What we saw were pigs being shot and then slaughtered , human birth , branding . Oh and at the end there was a live birth of a calf and let me tell you that the birth itself was n't too bad , but the numerous fluids that came out drove most people in my class to the bathroom . The story itself was OK . The premise of the story is a widow and her daughter and they move to the west to be a house keeper of this cowboy . They live a life of hardship and it is an interesting a pretty accurate view of life in the West during the late 1800 's . But if you have a choice , do not see this movie .
0 I realize that living in the Western Plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal , in fact , it probably is still brutal today , but was it monumental enough to transform into a seemingly " made - for - TV " movie ? Also , women 's rights were still budding in this nation during this time , so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this harsh territory , and still show the realism of the era   would it make for good viewing ? Honestly , I do n't know . I have thought about this film for the past two days , and I still ca n't seem to muster the strength to say that it was a horrible film , yet I can truthfully tell you that it was n't the greatest I have ever seen . From several hodgepodge styles of acting , to two mismatched actors playing devoid of emotion character , to some of the most gruesome PG rated scenes to ever come out of late 70s cinema , it is hard to fully get a good grasp on Heartland . Was it good ? Was it bad ? That may be up for you to view and decide yourself , but until then , here are moments I enjoyed and desperately hated ! < br /><br />This film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes . Scenes where I was n't sure what the director was doing or which direction he was headed , but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole . I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting , historical tale . I do not know much about living in Wyoming , especially during the early 1900s , so this film captured that image in my mind . The thought of very cold winters , no neighbors for miles upon miles , and this Polaroid - esquire view untouched by corporate America . It was refreshing to witness and sheer breathtaking to experience ( though the television ) . There were scenes that really stood out in my mind , like the cattle - branding scene , the pig slaughtering scene , and the saddening homesteader that did n't survive their journey , that just brought a true sense of realism to this story . Director Richard Pearce did a great job of bringing the view of Wyoming to the viewers , but I am not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view.<br /><br />While I will constantly compliment the scenery of this film , I had trouble coping with the actors that seemingly walked on the set and read their lines from cards on the side . Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart , a loner that somehow finds a connection with Conchata Ferrell 's Elinore Randall . The two as actors have no chemistry at all . Their scenes that they share together are pointless and honestly void of any emotion . The pregnancy scene nearly had me in stitches because of the way these two " veteran " actors portrayed it . The brave Elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her , while Clyde gives an approving nod when she is done . This is love ? Was it supposed to be love ? I do n't know , I think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond , but with Torn and Ferrell , it felt like two actors just playing their parts . Other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were ones like when the frozen horse " knocks " on the door for food or shelter , the constantly fading and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore 's daughter ( I just did n't believe it ) , the lack of true winter struggle , and the entire land scene . The land scene especially because I needed more explanation on what Elinore was doing , why she was doing it , and why Clyde would build her a house if they were married ! It was these simple events that if taken the time to explore , would have made for a stronger film.<br /><br />Overall , I will go middle of the road with this feature . There were definitely elements that should have been explored deeper , such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate homesteading goals of Elinore , but they were countered with some beautiful scenes of our nation . These panoramic scenes which , in the span of 100 years , have changes from vast mountains to enormous skyscrapers . While there were some brilliant scenes of realism ( starring cattle and pigs ) , I just felt as if we needed more . Depth was a key element lacking in this film , which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing story . Pearce could have dove deeper into this untapped world , but instead left open loopholes and clichéd Western characters . Ferrell carried her own , but Torn was completely miscast . Decent for a viewing , but will not be picked up again by me.<br /><br />Grade : * * out of * * * * *
0 That 's what my friend Brian said about this movie after about an hour of it . He was n't able to keep from dozing off . I had been ranting about how execrable it was and finally I relented and played it , having run out of adjectives for " boring " . < br /><br />Imagine if you will , the pinnacle of hack - work . Something so uninspired , so impossibly dreadful , that all you want to do after viewing it is sit alone in the dark and not speak to anybody . Some people labor under the illusion that this movie is watchable . It is not , not under any form of narcotic or brain damage . I would ONLY recommend this to someone in order to help them understand how truly unbearable it is . Do n't believe me ? Gather ' round . < br /><br />Granted , as a nation , we in America do n't always portray Middle Eastern peoples in a tasteful manner . But how about a kid in a sheik outfit bowing in salaam - fashion to a stack of Castrol motor oil bottles ? You 'll find that here . GET IT ? THE ARAB WORSHIPS OIL . I could n't believe what I was seeing . Having the kid fly planes into a skyscraper would 've been more appropriate . Who in their right mind would think that was a funny joke ? It 's not even close to " cleverly offensive " . It just sucks and makes you want to punch whomever got paid to write that bit in the face . < br /><br />In the middle of the film , a five - man singing group called the " Landmines " takes the stage at an officers ' ball . Okay- are you ready ? The joke is THEY SING TERRIBLY AND OFF - KEY . Why did I write that in caps also ? Because the joke is POUND , POUND , POUNDED INTO YOUR HEAD with a marathon of HORRENDOUS sight gags . They start off mediocre enough ; glasses cracking , punch tumblers shattering ... then there is , I am 100 % serious , a two - frame stop - motion sequence of A WOMAN 'S SHOES COMING OFF . You read that correctly- the music was so bad , in one frame , the woman 's feet have shoes on . In the very next- the shoes are off ! ! ! Get it , because the music was so bad , her shoes came off ! What the F ? ? ? ? < br /><br />Then there is an endless montage of stock footage to drive home the point that the SINGING IS BAD . If any human being actually suffered through this scene in the theater without running like hell , I would be astonished . This movie is honestly like a practical joke to see how fast people would bolt out the doors . Robert Downey Sr . directs comedy the way his son commands respect by staying drug - free . Badly . Other things to watch out for:<br /><br />1 . The popular music shoehorned in wherever possible . Every time Liceman appears , a really inappropriate Iggy Pop song plays . Plus all the actors do their best to act like it got really chilly for some reason.<br /><br />2 . Barbara Bach 's criminally awful accent . She sounds like she 's trying to talk like a baby while rolling a marble around on her tongue . There is no nudity , and there are several scenes where the boys all moan and writhe from a glimpse of her cleavage , like they 're in a community school acting class and they 've been directed to act like aroused retarded people . < br /><br />3 . Liceman feeds his revolting dog a condom . Remember ; when this movie came out throwing in " abortion " and " condom " was seen as " edgy " . < br /><br />4 . Tom Poston plays a mincing , boy - hungry pedophile , back when Hollywood thought " pedophile " and " homosexual " were one in the same . Flat - out embarrassing . < br /><br />5 . Watch the ending . Nothing is wrong with your VCR . That is actually the ending . Tell me that does n't make you want to explode everyone who 's ever made any movie , ever . < br /><br />Watch this at your own risk . Up The Academy has been known to actually make other movies , like The Jerk or Blazing Saddles , less funny simply by placing the videotape near them .
0 The only thing I remember about this movie are two things : first , as a twelve year old , even I thought it stunk . Second , it was so bad that when Mad magazine did a parody of it , they quit after the first page , and wrote a disclaimer at the bottom of the page saying that they had completely disavowed it.<br /><br />If you want to see great sophomoric comedies of this period , try Animal House . It 's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art . Another good selection would be Caddyshack , the classic with the late Rodney Dangerfield and Bill Murray before he became annoyingly charming , with great lines like greens keeper Carl Spackler 's " Correct me if I 'm wrong Sandy , but if I kill all the golfers they 'll lock me up and throw away the key . "
0 A stale " misfits - in - the - army " saga , which half - heartedly attempts to be both surreal ( the foreign subtitles ) AND vulgar ( the flatulence gags ) , but just ends up being a mix of many different kinds of humor , none of them followed very successfully . Barbara Bach , the Bond Girl from " The Spy Who Loved Me " , has only two or three brief scenes . What a waste ! ( * 1/2 )
0 I used to LOVE this movie as a kid but , seeing it again 20 + years later , it actually sucks . Up The Academy might have been ahead of it 's time back in 1980 , but it has almost nothing to offer today ! Movies like Caddyshack and Stripes hold - up much better today than this steaming dogpile . No T&A. No great jokes except for the one - liners we 've all heard a million times by now.<br /><br />I recently bought the DVD in hopes that it would be the gem I remembered it being . Well , I was WAY off ! The soundtrack had only 2 - 3 widely - recognizable hits ( not the smash compilation others had mentioned ) and the frequent voice - overs were terrible . The only thing that was interesting , to me , was predicting what the character 's lines were before they said them . Yep , I watched this movie that much back then ! < br /><br />The only reason I am writing this review is to give my two cents on why this movie should be forgotten , sorry to say . :(
0 Mad Magazine may have a lot of crazy people working for it ... but obviously someone there had some common sense when the powers - that - be disowned this waste of celluloid ... the editing is el crapo , the plot is incredibly thin and stupid ... and the only reason it gets a two out of ten is that Stacy Nelkin takes off some of her clothes and we get a nice chest shot ... I never thought I would feel sorry for Ralph Macchio making the decision to be in this thing , but I do ... and I REALLY feel bad for Ron Leibman and Tom Poston , gifted actors who never should have shown up in this piece of ... film ... at least Mr. Leibman had the cajones to refuse to have his name put anywhere on the movie ... and he comes out ahead ... there are actually copies of this thing with Mad 's beginning sequence still on it ... if you can locate one , grab it cuz it is probably worth something ... it 's the only thing about this movie that 's worth anything ... and a note to the folks at IMDb.com ... there is no way to spoil this movie for anyone ... the makers spoiled it by themselves ...
0 Before I comment on this movie I just watched on YouTube , I have to admit that the reason I checked this out was to rewatch something I first saw on the TV ads in 1980 : Barbara Bach 's cleavage . And since the movie received an R rating , I expected to see her nude . Alas , no dice for her or of the other gorgeous actress that appeared here : Stacey Nelkin who 's supposed to be a teen but was actually 20 when she made this . Seeing her in a bra and panty and later in a belly dancer outfit was just as arousing as Ms. Bach . They provide some of the scattered laughs this movie provides . In fact , I do n't blame Ron Leibman for having his name removed from the credits since his role as the tight - fisted Liceman is pretty embarrassing though I did like the " seduction " scene he did with Ms. Nelkin . This also happens to be the debut of Ralph Macchio who 's the loner among the misfits sent to an academy school . The others are a black kid who really loves his stepmother and Ms. Bach , an Arab who worships motor oil , and a politician 's son who loves his girlfriend Candy ( Nelkin 's character ) so much , he risks sneaking in the middle of the night see her in the girls academy . Among the supporting cast , Tom Poston plays a swishy character named Sisson who I found partly amusing . With a screenplay by Tom Patchett and Jay Tarses and direction by Robert Downey Sr . ( whose son Robert Downey Jr. has a cameo early on in a soccer scene ) , Up the Academy is uneven with the politically incorrect humor but unless you 're really offended at the scatological and sexual content , this is actually a pretty harmless comedy that Mad Magazine and its trademark cover boy - Alfred E. Newman - shouldn't be ashamed of even though they once had their name and character taken off the picture ... P.S. Another one of the " misfits " was Harry Teinowitz who was born in my birth town of Chicago , Ill. He played Rodney Ververgaert . He also says one of my favorite lines : " I 'm trying to come . "
0 There are bad movies , terrible movies even boring movies ... I can watch most and put up until the end , not this time . Avoid this like the plague , annoying music throughout , terrible editing , no comedy , its tackier than a novelty mug ... My missus wanted to watch this thinking it would be Legally Blonde material or something kind of watchable , but never better than average , chick flick . Its the first time she was begging me to push the stop button.<br /><br />The Girls , well , they were not great to start with ( Denise done OK in Starship Troopers and Wild things ) but you have sank to the gravel . I feel like a mug having spent 30 minutes on this ... Pamela Anderson is almost unrecognisable after much construction work to her face.<br /><br />Please take my advice if you want to avoid wasting valuable oxygen and brain cells ranting at the utter mince that is on your screen .
0 How could I best express my feelings about this movie : hideous ? a headache ? lack of coherent writing ? plain stupidity ? Try all of the above for this travesty . And that just for the direction.<br /><br />Story ? Well I guess there is a story . Two dumb blondes look for a job after they crash a plane into a golf course . They are mistaken for a ' world renounced assassin ' ( sarcasm ) and are ' hired ' by two ' mobsters ' . One thinks " taking him out " means a date , and the other gets the minor actor she dreams of . And of course , the turtle reserve for the farting turtle , that they build with the casino winnings.<br /><br />Sounds likes all this could be funny ? Guess again . They try to make it funny , but its not . Filming sequences are n't well done . I 've seen better filming in Hong Kong movies . Visuals are average for a late 80s film . But the problem is that its a 2007 movie.<br /><br />Not worth my time to ever watch this again . It still does n't beat Danny Glover 's " Out " movie from the early 80s as the worst movie of all time , but then again that film is in a class of its own . " F "
0 When I was at the movie store the other day , I passed up Blonde and Blonder , but something about it just seemed like it could possibly be a cute movie . Who knows ? I mean , I 'm sure most people bashed Romy and Michelle before they saw it , Blonde and Blonder might have just been another secret treasure that was passed up . But when I started watching it : Executive Producer Pamela Anderson , wow , I knew I was in for something scary . Not only that , but both of what were considered the pinnacle of hotness : Pam Anderson and Denise Richards , not to offend them , but they were not aging well at all and they 're playing roles that I think were more meant for women who are supposed to be in their 20 's , not their 40 's . The story was just plain bad and obnoxious.<br /><br />Dee and Dawn are your beyond stupid stereotypical blonde 's , they really do n't have a clue when it comes to what is going on in the world , it 's just really sad . But when the girls are somehow mistaken for murder assassins , the cops are on their tale and are actually calling the girls geniuses due to their " ignorance is bliss " attitudes . They are set up to make a " hit " on a guy , and they think they 're just going to " show him a good time " , but the real assassin is ticked and wants the case and to kill the girls.<br /><br />Denise and Pam just look very awkward on the screen and almost like they read the script the day before . I know that this was supposed to be the stupid comedy , but it was more than stupid , it went onto obnoxious and was just unnecessary . Would I ever recommend this ? Not in a million years , the girls are just at this point trying to maintain their status as " sex kittens " , it 's more a sign of desperation and Blonde and Blonder is a huge blonde BOMBshell.<br /><br />1/10
0 This movie is not in anyway funny , it tries to be funny with it 's lame humor , which is so dry and boring that the movie is just 2 hours of torture . Throughout the whole movie i was thinking one thing , " when is this gon na end " . One thing you have to hand to them , is that they do have a very few mildly funny moments , which is also why i gave it a whole 2 stars . It is unoriginal and uses up almost every old blonde joke in the book , even the ones that was n't funny the first time . It basically is a movie to belittle blondes and to record the whole repetoir of blonde jokes.<br /><br />To sum it all up , this movie is blonde humor gone bad , it is not worth paying any amount of money to watch , it is just that bad .
0 Blonde and Blonder was unfunny . Basically , it was a rip - off girl version of Dumb and Dumber , but less funny , and they used too much background noises and music . WAY TOO MUCH BACKGROUND NOISES AND MUSIC IF YOU ASK ME!!!!It starts out immensely boring , and TOTALLY inane . It does n't pick up pace anywhere soon , and I was feeling more frustrated as this nonsense carried on . Maybe , the only thing that saved me from giving this movie a 1 was the last 30 minutes . I found it somewhat entertaining and interesting as it neared the end , but that was the only part . Also , I could n't help but like Pamela Anderson and Denise Richard 's characters a little . Even though this movie did n't get any laughs from me , it kept my attention . I would n't say to completely avoid this movie , but there are thousands of better films for you to spend your time and money on than Blonde and Blonder .
0 This has got to go down as almost one of the worst movies of all time . Awful acting , awful script ... and they were the good points ! One to Definitely miss ! The jokes , if you could call them that , were so predictable as to be pathetic . Pamela Anderson is still relying on her body to detract from the fact that her acting is just as plastic ! I sat willing to give it a chance , hoping that it was going to improve which , alas , it did n't ! If it was a choice between this and a book , I suggest you settle down for a good read ! I like Denise Richards , which is why I gave this movie a go , but why she has let her self be cast in this movie is beyond me !
0 Warning : Avoid this super duper awful movie ... if you watched it you will be SOOOOOOOOO disappointed.<br /><br />Pam and Denise are grandma age now what are they doing ? Trying SO HARD to be young innocent and sexy , just not working AT ALL . Pam and Denise act so horribly in this movie.<br /><br />Plus The script is absolutely atrocious , I ca n't believe someone can came out with such crappy ideas . With the development of movie industry , movie lovers are not as easy to satisfy as the ones in the last century . I bet the movie goers from last century will hate this too.<br /><br />Stay away from it . I think watch " White Chicks " from 2004 it 's so much better that this ... make no mistake at that time I thought that 's the worst movie I have ever seen .
0 I was required to watch the movie for my work , so I did n't pay for it ( on the contrary , i got paid ) , but I still found the movie to suck far more than average . The jokes were lame , the two lead actresses ... well , to use the " First wives club " division of women 's ages in Hollywood , they are no longer in their " hot chick " age but more in their " district attorney " age . What angered me most about the movie was the main plot line , which pretty much completely plagiarized " Beavis & Butthead Do America " ( in which the boys are all jazzed up about some dude offering them money to " do his wife " , not realizing they 're expected to assassinate her ) . All in all , a bland piece of crap .
0 I was looking for a cute , simple comedy to pass the time but choosing this film proved to be an enormous mistake.<br /><br />I ca n't write a single good thing about it . First , the script is stupid and not funny at all , relying on tired , recycled jokes and a farting turtle for laughs . In my book , that 's not funny , that 's pathetic.<br /><br />Low budget ' effects ' ( if I can even call them effects ) with horrible cinematography . In many places it feels almost like an indie film shot with no money.<br /><br />Acting ... I feel sorry for the actors . Are Pamela Anderson and Denise Richards that desperate for some money that they 've agreed to take part in this ? ( looking at their recent filmography , it would appear so . ) Despite the outfits , Pamela is showing her age and as a whole , they do n't even come across as sexy , let alone funny.<br /><br />This movie is not even in the so - bad - it - is - funny category . It 's just bad , as if everybody involved was sick of it.<br /><br />Avoid .
0 What is this crap ? My little cousin picked this out obviously for the overly girlie DVD art and title ... I decided to watch it with her so she did n't get bored , and I sure was appalled at the horrible quality.<br /><br />First , the acting was terrible . They seem like amateur actresses reading off of cue cards . The delivery is sub - par and very formulaic . Scene cuts were terrible .. it looks like they took it straight from the story board , if there was one.<br /><br />Secondly , the jokes and stereotypes were n't original or well played at all- again , very formulaic . I ca n't count the times I was able to predict the next joke . I got a few chuckles out of the blatantly " subtle " sexual innuendos . The Cat , The Beaver Patch , Hung Wong ? .. c'mon ! Just .. stay away from this movie . It 's not cute , it 's not funny , it 's not even stupid - funny . It 's just stupid - stupid . It 's like a PG kids ' movie with unnecessary sexual innuendo , vulgarity , and violence to bump the MPAA rating . STAY AWAY.<br /><br />"Would you like to ride my yacht?" < br /><br />"Is that what they 're calling it now?" < br /><br />"You could ride my ding." < br /><br />"Oh ! I think I got blood on my stool!" < br /><br />Badly played , sir .
0 Sure , I like short cartoons , but I did n't like this one . Naturally , kids would love it . But then again , I 'm not a kid anymore ( although I still consider myself young).<br /><br />I will not tell you anything about the story , for the simple reason there is no story . How is it possible this dragon of a cartoon was nominated for an Oscar ? ! Well ... I guess it 's because people in the 30 's were more happy with not much than now . In the present where we live , everything must happen fast . Look at the movies nowadays , and you will come to the same conclusion : we live in a society that does n't allow men to be slow . That 's really a shame . I wish I lived in the 30 's , because it seems so peaceful . But every time has got its ups and downs , I guess ... <br /><br />To conclude : if you like music ( and frogs ) , you 'll have to see this cartoon . Otherwise , do n't spill your time on it .
0 Add to the list of caricatures : a Southern preacher and " congregation , " a torch singer ( Sophie Tucker ? ) , a dancing chorus , and The Mills Brothers -- it only makes it worse.<br /><br />Contemptible burlesques of " Negro " performers , who themselves often appear in films to be parodying themselves and their race . Though the " Negro comedy " may have been accepted in its day , it 's extremely offensive today , and I doubt that it was ever funny . Though I would n't have been offended , I do n't think that I 'd have laughed at the feeble attempts at humor . As an 11-year - old white boy , however , I might not have understood some of it .
0 Even thought I 'm not the biggest of Cher fans , this movie was her crowning achievement . Granted , there were long term side - effects and risks of brain damage , memory loss ( and ) intellectual impairment , upon the screening such a film . A 1989 survey of Moonstruck fans by the UK Advocacy Network revealed that one - third of 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed believed Moonstruck had damaged them and an astounding 80 % claimed it had irreparably destroyed their minds.<br /><br />Cher plays someone very un - Cher in this movie , a dowdy young widow named Loretta living in New York with her extended family . They 're anti - American , pro - Italian and always at each other in someway . She has been going out with Johnny Camarary for a while , a nice mamma 's boy man , and he asks her to marry him . She says yes . I loved her mom 's questions : " Do you love him Loretta ? " , " No . " , " Good . If you love him he 'll drive you crazy because they know they can . But you like him then ? " , " Oh yeah , he 's a sweet man Ma " . When Johnny goes off to Sicily to care for his dying mother , he asks that Loretta make contact with his brother who he 's been estranged from for years.<br /><br />This victory for human rights carries even greater significance , as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock treatment . In 1938 , Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti , saw slaughterhouse workers using electric shock devices to cause epileptic fits in pigs , easing the job of slitting their throats . Cerletti was inspired , and began experimenting with electroshock on humans , developing the first Electroshock machine . Broken bones and fractured vertebrae that resulted from the convulsions appeared to be of little concern.<br /><br />This was , in so many ways , an anti - American movie . It 's about love , to be sure , but it 's also about infidelity , secrets , lonely people , and strange behavior brought on by American policies . The characters , from the frumpy BoBo at the favorite restaurant , the aunt and uncle , her parents and their problems , the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and intrinsic characters . It 's somewhat of a chick flick , as it 's how Loretta stops being a dowdy stuffed shirt and awakens the flower of the inner vamp . It 's a Cinderella story in many ways , and that is every little girl 's dream to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan ... <br /><br />Assuming free and fully informed Consent , it is well to reaffirm the individual 's right to pursue happiness through brain damage if he or she so chooses . But we might ask ourselves whether we , as fans of cinema , though in no way sworn to any Hippocratic Oath , should be offering it .
0 Generally over rated movie which boasts a strong cast and some clever dialog and of course Dean Martin songs . Problem is Nicholas Cage , there is no chemistry between he and Cher and they are the central love story . Cher almost makes up for this with her reactions to Cage 's shifting accent and out of control body language . Cage simply never settles into his role . He tries everything he can think of and comes across as an actor rather than real person and that 's what 's needed in a love story . Cage has had these same kind of performance problems in other roles that require more of a Jimmy Stewart type character . Cage keeps taking these roles , perhaps because he likes those kind of movies but his own energy as an actor does n't lend itself to them , though he 's gotten better at it with repeated attempts . He should leave these type of roles to less interesting actors who would fully commit to the film and spend his energy and considerable talent in more off beat roles and films where he can be his crazy interesting self .
0 Ok , first the good : Cher 's performance and the cinematography . Although I 'm no Cher fan , she gives an excellent performance and her part was well written . The cinematography was well done and captures a sense of romance.<br /><br />The Rest : a thin plotline , Nicholas Cage 's performance , and a totally unhumorous and weak attempt to portray an Italian - American family from New York . Firstly , everytime time Cage opened his mouth I cringed . I do n't know what kind of accent he was trying use . I honestly do n't , it sure was nt any New York or Italian accent I 've ever heard . It was quite surreal . And it was n't because I 'm some stickler for accuracy , his voice just cloyed in my ears . And I like Nicholas Cage in other performances . Secondly , and this is purely anecdotal , but I have many Italian relations , friends and acquaintances in New York City , and frankly I 've gotten more laughs and felt more joy in the appreciation of the Italian ethnic family by far than this movie provided . And that would be on a boring night at the house . What a let down .
0 I watched this movie for a project on love . please tell Nicolas Cage to learn what it would feel like to be his character , and then re - read the lines he 's saying . My life can not go on ... i accidentally cut off my own hand ... my brother was close by . Obviously his fault . And since when have happy endings included the nice guy who takes care of Mom sad and alone . No closure , bad script , and does n't have enough extension of minor characters . Save yourself , unless your up for a good laugh . Costumes were done appropriately , and extras did a fabulous job . I 'm sure it would have been a fun movie to make , but keep it more genre specific , I ca n't recommend this movie to anyone I know , because it is not an intellectual movie . It is not a chick flick . It is not a strict romantic . And I ca n't show kids because of the sex and questions to follow . All in all , just not a good flick .
0 I do n't care how many nominations this junk got for best this and that , this movie stunk . I did n't know whether to turn off the set , or file a lawsuit with O.J. 's attorney for wrongful damage to my mental health . I have seldom been this bored ; to call this dung entertainment is a slap in the face of every movie - goer across the planet . The whole story was stupid , the acting was uninspired , the ' drama ' was emotionless . I am thankful I did n't have to pay for this unfulfilling experience .
0 This show is painful to watch ... < br /><br />It is obvious that the creators had no clue what to do with this show , from the ever changing " jobs " , boyfriends , and cast . It appears that they wanted to cast Amanda Bynes in something ... but had no idea what , and came up with this crappy show . They cast her as a teen , surrounded by twenty and thirty somethings , and put her in mostly adult situations at repeatedly failed attempts at comedy . Soon , they realize that she needs a " clique " and cast people in their late 20s to try to pass as teenagers.<br /><br />How this show survived 4 seasons is beyond me . Somehow , ABC has now decided that it is a " family " show , and thrown it into it 's afternoon lineup on ABC Family .
0 I 'll admit I 've only watched a handful of episodes , but each one seemed completely different from the next . It seems after the first season , the producers decided to completely retool the show , drop characters , introduce new ones , and rewrite the entire show dynamic.<br /><br />As you have probably surmised already , the show is about quirky , unpredictable teenager Holly ( Amanda Bynes ) who moves in with her high strung sister Valerie ( Jennie Garth ) in New York City . Decent enough premise : odd couple + fish out of water + high jinx.<br /><br />While I miss the sitcoms of yore , this show unfortunately misses the mark on funny repeatedly , and it 's sad because they have some decent talent.<br /><br />On top of everything , they insisted on changing the show ( Val was living with a cast regular bf one season , then he was suddenly gone , so she opens a bakery ? what ? ) When things change that drastically , you get the feeling that even the * show * knows it 's bad . I mean , completely new sets , characters written off and new show regulars!<br /><br />On a side note ( this is just nitpicking ) , I know this is a television show and not real at all , but Val and Holly end up living in a HUGE loft duplex ( there are stairs ) with a terrace ... in MANHATTAN ! Are you serious ! ?
0 What I hate about this show is how poorly the leads are written . These women have no self - respect or dignity . The entire plot is them throwing themselves at guys . Amanda Bynes ' talent is completely wasted . She was brilliant on " All That " and her own show . Why they would write her and Jenny Garth as vapid , airhead , desperate , men chasing , " old - maid " wannabes is beyond me.<br /><br />Their plots and dialog remind me of " The Simpons " , Homer says whenever his cartoon character Poochie is not on screen , " Everyone should ask , where 's Poochie ? " . All the talk centers on whining about some guy , and then whining to some guy . Sometimes they change it up and the guy whines instead . Then they get back together or break up at the end . The 2 women are either shallow , stupid , or sex addicts . The only word I can think of is " sucks " .
0 Well , what can you say about sitcoms . There often quite lame , morale dedicative , and just plain . So is this show ! It got a boring cast , although A.Bynes is okej in her perky way , the rest is just stereotypical crap .... as always . We have all seen it before , and will probably see it all over again when this show is cancelled . Cause , lets face it , its a mediocre and self righteous show . As the most sitcoms are .... <br /><br />Well , in short . If you wanna see some good entertainment , you can rather take a twenty minute pause in front of the mirror . Do some faces and move on .... Its more entertaining than this show !
0 This was disappointing . It started well enough but as it went on and lost every opportunity to soar , it fell flat . Maria Schrader 's acting is dreadful , never seeming to mean what she says , or even knowing what she says until she says it . She showed no genuine emotion at all , not for her beloved goy , or her mother 's story . When with Lena she seemed to have little more than an academic interest in Lena 's story . There never seemed to be a real relationship between Lena and her mother except her mother seemed to be having a good time at the wedding , which is n't much . The supposed parallel between Hannah 's " mixed " romance and her mother 's relationship with her father was as cliché as they come , and failed miserably anyway . The wedding was completely unconvincing and a dumb finish . The climax of the protest was uninspiring , and no matter what Lena had or had not done to influence the outcome , she would surely have shown some complexity of feeling at the time , a haunted look , an inexplicable ambivalence . In fact , none of the characters in the film had any depth or spark . It was very hard to care about any of them , even little Ruth . Everything with Luis was a distraction . ( Why did she dis him so when on the phone from the hotel ? There was no context or explanation whatever for that . ) If every reference to him was removed it would n't be noticed . < br /><br />A simple story made confusing by poor character development ( who was whose mother , again ? ? ) weak acting , and directing that made everyone look like they were acting . You could almost hear " quiet on the set ! .... " I started thinking this was worthy of a 7 , but as the film went on it dropped rapidly to a 4 , then earning a 3 after the silliness of the wedding scene . This was about as cold and sterile a movie as I have seen . A terrible waste of a good story .
0 One thing that astonished me about this film ( and not in a good way ) was that Nathan Stoltzfus , who seems to pride himself on being the major historian on the topic of the Rosenstrasse , was one of the historians working on this film , considering how much of the actual events were altered or disregarded . < br /><br />Another reviewer said that von Trotta said she never meant for Lena to bed Goebbels , but in that case , why did she give every impression that that was what had happened ? Why not show other possible reasons for the mens ' release , such as the disaster that was Stalingrad , or the Nazis ' fear that the international press , based in Berlin , would find out about the protest.<br /><br />Also , why did the whole storyline play second fiddle to a weak family bonding storyline that has been done over and over again ? Surely something as awesome as this could carry its own history ! In places , it was as if the film had two story lines that really seemed to have little in common.<br /><br />Overall , this film failed in its aim , which was to draw attention to a little - known act of resistance , which is a shame , because done better , it could have had a major impact .
0 ( SPOILERS IN THIS)<br /><br />"Rosenstraße " is a movie about heroic women in German Nazi time . But it is way too long , it is not touching and sometimes even boring ! There are too many clichés and not enough good acting.<br /><br />The storytelling ( storyline ) is bad . Like in James Cameron´s Titanic an old woman remembers events of her live . Good , now we´ve got a point of view . Than there is another woman introduced who does the same . Confusing is that they both are recalling events of lifes of other people ! Come on ! This is a lack of knowledge of basic story telling ... How can Riemann know about the fate of the little girl´s mother and her interrogation for example?<br /><br />The scenes are shown in the wrong order and you rarely know when it took place . For example the scene when Riemann is proposing to Fabian . When did that happen ? The scene looks like it is set in the Twenties ... <br /><br />Riemann´s character is of course a talented pianist , well , she is even a Baroness ! Wow . Her brother comes back from the Eastern Front , he has received a " Ritterkreuz " which he is showing in some scenes . So he is a war hero and still a fine man who preserved his conscience . And he gained knowledge of massacres committed by Germans . He even made some photographs ! And so it goes , cliché after cliché is piling up and this is why the movie does not work.<br /><br />Basically von Trotta made a chick flick out of something what could have been a decent movie . And in the end it´s all very simple . Riemann finds a way to get Goebbels into bed and - ta da ! - everyone is free . Which is not a historical fact but pure imagination despite the " true story " claim at the beginning . Like " Sass " it is vaguely BASED on a true event.<br /><br />It is sad but true , this IS the typical German movie these days . It is bad ! Macaulay J. Connor < br /><br / >
0 Overall an extremely disappointing picture . Very , very slow build up to the basic storyline . The role of Maria Schrader searching for her families secret past . ( Every take seems to last forever  . There is really no rhythm in the film . ) * * * SPOILERS * * * Her Mother Ruth is rescued from the Nazis , by a German woman , played by Katja Riemann . The entire character of Ruth is so one dimensional , so stereotypical . * * * SPOILERS END * * * The film cuts back and forth between present day New York and Berlin and Berlin 40s something . Please when you do that , give the audience an indication of what time exactly the story takes place . There is never a clear indication of time  very annoying . Worst part is , the end . * * * SPOILERS * * * The entire show and jabber about the Jews being so terribly tormented , simply by a bureaucratic accident ! Give me a break . That 's how the Jews got out of the Rosenstrasse ? The question of who freed the Jews is NEVER answered . Was is Goebels who freed them ? Did Lean Fischer sleep with Goebels ? In Venice the film won an acting award for K. Riemann , why ?  I have no idea . Must be the Jewish theme 
0 This game was made by Sega . Being made by Sega I did n't expect much , but I also did n't expect this junk either . For starters the camera angles work against you in this game . The motorcycle is your means of getting around . The motorcycle is the worst part in the game . Whenever you run in to something you just stick there and you do n't move . You never fall off the bike or wreck for that matter . The main character hardly talks even though he 's got a voice that suits him . The graphics are horrible . You ride through trees on your bike . The camera makes fighting the enemy impossible . This game would n't even be worth renting .
0 We do n't have this on television in England but I walked it over the Internet on YouTube . It 's dumb , immature and boring ! This is from the creator of " Earthworm Jim " Douglas TenNapel , I never got into that cartoon but I must admit it better than this . The cartoonist has n't done anything for years since now . For Doug TenNapel , this is a comeback travesty and an all time low ! The story is about three cats who inherit a house and lots of money off their dead old lady master . They are argumentative and keep on disagreeing on what their want to spend their money on . " BORING " ! The animation is dreadful . The main characters are meant to be cats , right ? But they do n't look nothing like cats ! Just weird animal monster - looking creatures with big mouths , pointed teeth and bulgy eyes ! The human and other animal characters are also drawn real ugly ! The theme song is terrible and irritating ! Also the stories are lame and are most probably copied from older shows . It surprised me how this show got 7.5/10 votes of other IMDb viewers . Television really is n't what is used to be ! But now most of them is dumb , cheaply made and boring . Some of you on the website might not agree with me well I 'm sorry but this is a total waste of money and a complete and utter waste of your time and feel glad that Britain do n't have too tolerate this crap ( oh yeah , if you have digital you have to ) but I do n't , so it not my problem ! Loser ! 2/10 ( and it 's very lucky to get that because I 've given other shows worst ! ) .
0 * * HERE BE SPOILERS * * < br /><br />Recap : Mia ( Helin ) is returning home from capital Stockholm to rural Rättvik to celebrate her fathers 70th birthday . She is by far the youngest child , and has two sisters Eivor ( Ernst ) and Gunilla ( Petrén ) . Eivor has a family and still lives in Rättvik and Gunilla has divorced and moved a town away . Mia is still single and is focused on her career . There are a lot of jealousy and almost animosity between the sisters and conflicts arise all around as they confront each other and each have personal problems they have difficult to handle . As the party goes on ( and alcohol consumed ) , more and more secrets become unveiled and more and more conflicts arise ... <br /><br />Comments : To be the work of a new writer / director it was disappointing to see this movie to follow in the exact same tracks that older Swedish comedy / dramas has been following for years . There are really no new elements or ideas . This movie draws upon three basic areas . 1 ) Embarrassing humor only based on characters making a fool of themselves . 2 ) Sorrow and 3 ) Anxiety . This move has the focus on the last one , almost forgetting the first point as the movie goes along . No loss though , since the humor that is there is not funny . The performances from the cast are good I guess , though it is lost behind all the anguish and soon forgotten . I had hopes that there would be new ideas and influences , but there were none . To conclude , there are better ways to spend one 's time than watching this.<br /><br />3/10
0 Just a stilted rip - off of the infinitely better " Murder , She Wrote " , it is absolutely amazing that this poorly - written garbage lasted for a full eight years . I 'm sure most of the people who watched this unentertaining crap were in their sixties and seventies and just tuned in because they had nothing better to do , or simply remembered its star from the old Dick Van Dyke Show . Van Dyke , who only had a decent career in the 1960s , never was much of an actor at all ( by his own admission ) and he was already far too old to play a doctor when the series began in 1993 . He looks absolutely ancient as a result of years of chain smoking and heavy drinking . His talentless real life son Barry , a wooden actor who has rarely been in anything that did n't involve his father , plays his son in the series .
0 This is an " anthology " horror film . It 's made up of 4 short stories taken from the fiction of Robert Bloch ( who wrote for Weird Tales and was personal friends with H.P. Lovecraft , but is most famous for the original story " Psycho " ) . The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did n't think very much about the film was creepy or horrific at all . It would have been better to do it as a comedy like " Comedy of Terrors . " Only the last of the 4 stories was really done in a humorous way , and it 's probably the best of them ( the one with Ingrid Pitt ) . I 've seen a few of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that was really worth my time was Freddie Francis ' " Tales from the Crypt . " The anthology style works well for the producers , because it means that they can hire a bunch of " big name " actors , employ them for only one week of shooting or so , and then bring in the next big name . So you essentially pay for 6 weeks of movie star salary but get 5 or 6 different names on the marquee . But that 's very unfortunate for the audience , because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing , Christopher Lee , and Ingrid Pitt actually acting together . Instead they 're stuck in these vignettes by themselves . So let 's take them one at a time , briefly.<br /><br />The first story has Denholm Elliot , who does a really admirable job of trying to bring some dignity to his silly role as a writer terrorized by his own character . Unfortunately the actor who plays Dominic , the source of the horror , Tom Adams , just looks silly which ruins any possible horror . There 's some hilarious stuff if you want to laugh at it though , like the scene where Dominic kills Elliot 's psychiatrist . It 's the patented scene where the killer creeps up behind the victim but nobody is watching , so the whole audience is supposed to shout out " LOOK OUT BEHIND YOU ! " The second story is the one with Peter Cushing . God I love that man so much . Too bad so many of his films , like this one , pretty much stink . In the story he 's supposed to be pining away for a long - lost love , and he sees her likeness in a wax museum . It 's a completely predictable story that goes nowhere.<br /><br />Then you have the bit with Christopher Lee , where he plays the father of a little kid who turns out to be a witch . Again this bit could have been fun if it had been played for laughs . But instead we 're supposed to be horrified when Lee slaps the child and surprised when she turns out to be evil . The actress , Chloe Franks , was pretty good in that type of " Bad Seed " role though.<br /><br />The last story is kind of amusing ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cape that turns him into a real vampire . That 's about all the story has to offer . I was surprised at how bad Ingrid Pitt 's English is , I guess she must have been dubbed in some of the other films I 've seen her in.<br /><br />Not a very memorable film or one that I would recommend to anyone but horror completists .
0 ( Spoilers)<br /><br />I was very curious to see this film , after having heard that it was clever and witty . I had to stop halfway because of the unbearable boredom I felt.<br /><br />The idea behind the film would have been acceptable : depicting the way the relationship between a man and a woman evolves , through all the problems and difficulties that two people living in a big city can experience . What made me dislike the whole film were two things.<br /><br />First of all , the film was so down - to - earth that it looked as if , by describing the problems that a couple must solve on a day - to - day basis , it became itself ordinary and dull.<br /><br />Secondly , the overall sloppiness of the production , with dialogues that were barely understandable.<br /><br />Too bad .
0 If you 've ever been harassed on the Underground by a Christian who says , " Jesus is the answer . What 's the question ? " , then perhaps you should thank God if you 've never met a Lacanian . Slavoj Zizek , the most evangelical of Lacanians , would surely exchange the word " Jesus " in that statement for " Lacan / Hegel".<br /><br />Zizek 's star burns brightly at the moment , no doubt because we generally view films and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption . So it seems impressive when someone - anyone - comes along and says , " Hang on , films may say something about ourselves." < br /><br />The ideas Zizek expounds in this film are " true " purely because he says so . For example , Zizek explains that three Marx Bros are the ego , superego and i d ( God knows what happened to Zeppo , or Gummo   perhaps they 're the sinthome ... or is that movies themselves ? ) . This is simply what they are . In Zizek 's output , culture is not there to be investigated but merely to be held as an example of his ideology . People may object that he certainly has something to say - but how different is what he says from the Christian attributing everything to God 's will?<br /><br />What 's wrong with taking examples , from films or anywhere , to illustrate theory ? Well , nothing at all . As Zizek seems to believe , they may even serve as a proof . However , it is merely ca nt and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context . Without context , you can say and prove anything you want . For Zizek , Lacan is the answer  so he goes and makes an example of it . Everything but everything resembles the teachings of the Master and culture is there to bear this out , to serve this ideology . For instance , Zizek 's exemplar of the fantasy position of the voyeur is taken from a scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies on Kim Novak in a flower shop . But , in the context of the film , this is not a voyeur 's fantasy position at all . Stewart has been deliberately led there by Novak . This presentation of examples isolated from their context continues throughout Zizek 's two hour and a half cinematic sermon.<br /><br />His analysis of the " baby wants to f--- " scene in Blue Velvet is laughable . Touching lightly on what he appears to consider to be the horrific ( to the masculine ) truth of " feminine jouissance " , Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini 's character not only demands her degradation but is , unconsciously , in charge of the situation . This is an example of her " jouissance " . Well ... possibly . But - sorry to be prosaic - where is the evidence for this ? In the film , she partially undergoes her humiliations because Hopper has kidnapped her son . Zizek may object that she also evidently enjoys rough sex with Kyle MacLachalan . But this may be due to any number of things . Is n't that the point of so - called feminine " jouissance " ? According to Lacan , feminine jouissance , unlike phallic jouissance , can not be articulated , it is beyond the phallic capture and castration of language . If this is right , then no example can be made of it . It also means that the entire concept is non - sensical and entirely mystical . It can only be designated by dogmatists such as Zizek : " There 's feminine jouissance for you ! Why is this feminine jouissance ? Because I say so . " < br /><br />What example can really be garnered from these films ? Only Zizek 's psychology . Why does he keep inserting himself into his favourite films , even to the point that , when in a boat on Botega Bay , he says he wants to f--- Rod Steiger too ? Is this not the wish - fulfilment of someone who spends his life critiquing films ? As the saying goes , Freud would have a field day with The Pervert 's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizek himself , nobody else.<br /><br />Zizek 's theory that films show us how we desire may be right on the face of it , but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytical laws . This film illustrates how Zizek desires and only extremely vaguely - as to be almost useless - how the rest of us desire . For , as any psychoanalyst knows , how we desire and what we desire can not be fully separated - and can not be easily universalised , if at all . Zizek 's love of making everything an example of Lacan 's Answer bears this out : how do we desire ? like this , this is how I do it . Problem is , in Zizek 's desire , everything and everyone else is rationalised into his desire . But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do n't like letting the " subject " speak for itself.<br /><br />The Pervert 's Guide to the Cinema is a summation Zizek 's love of dogma and is entirely unphilosophical even if it remains very political ( what dogma is n't ? ) . Zizek has never questioned exactly what his motives might be when embarking on an analysis , what he is trying to discover , because the terms of his exploration , and therefore his ethics in doing so , are never put into question.<br /><br />Zizek is extremely prolific but all his books and this film say the same thing . He 's a kind of Henry Ford of cultural theory : mass - production and any colour as long as it 's black . He is perfect for today 's highly consumerist society : supposedly critical while giving people the same c - ap over and over and pretending that it is something different . This is popular because people largely prefer readymade answers to their problems - which capitalism always claims to provide - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration at all . Which is kind of like being brain dead . For me , Zizek 's third Matrix pill is a suicide capsule.<br /><br />PS : I loved Zizek 's solemn remark - presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in films can greatly affect people 's sympathies . Did this only occur to Zizek after he watched Jaws ?
0 An old intellectual talks about what he considers art in movies . You get your Hitchcock , your Chaplin , your Bergman and some other stuff prior to the 80ies . To disguise that he has no clue what is going on in cinemas these days , he throws in The Matrix.<br /><br />But it 's not only the same lame film - as - art speech all over again . This speech is reduced to outdated psychological platitudes : it - ego - super ego , anal phase , sexual insufficiency . < br /><br />It is garnished with the cheesy effect of having Zizte edited into the movies he is taking about . For someone who is supposed to know much about movies , his own is , cinematographicly speaking : yeiks.<br /><br />To put it in Zizek 's own words - I saw 5\-\!7 on the screen , last night , or in the words of a great movie maker:<br /><br />Mr . ( Zizek ) , what you 've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard . At no point in your rambling , incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought . Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it . I award you ( two ) points ( only ) , and may God have mercy on your soul .
0 Already his first claim , that desires are always artificial , is totally fallacious.<br /><br />When a Jehovah Witness reject gets his own documentary on movies  or anything for that matter - it 's time for anyone to get their own . Although far , far more intelligent than , say , Paris Hilton ( I know , not too difficult ) Zizek 's mouth spews just as much baloney as hers , just a different kind . He combines the worst from both his professional worlds : psychoanalysis and philosophy . Both fields are notorious for conveniently offering the expert b*lls***osopher plenty of leeway to create unprovable theories , to rant without a beginning or end , and to connect concepts almost randomly , in the process misusing the English language by creating a semantic jumble only a mother can love . Example : there are three main Marx brothers hence what a " great " idea to connect them with three levels of human consciousness , the i d , the ego and the super - ego . I 'm kind of surprised he did n't play a clip from " Snowhite " and make an analogy between the seven dwarfs and the seven levels of Gahannah ( Moslem hell ) . It 's like the premise of Schumacher 's " The Number 23 " : play with numbers long enough , and you can come up with any kind of cockamamie theory you want , even linking Ancient Greeks with Princess Di 's death.<br /><br />However , there is an entertainment element to TPGTC : watching a raving lunatic sweat like a hog while uttering delusional chants masked as intellectual analysis can be quite a lot of fun . Why watch " Cuckoo 's Nest " or any other madhouse drama when you can have Zizek for more than 2 hours ? It 's like watching an amusing train wreck . Admittedly , he is almost funny on one or two occasions.<br /><br />I have always been mystified by people who desperately try to elevate movie - making into an exalted intellectual social science . Giving idiotic movies like " Birds " this much thought , hence this much credit , probably has its fat creator laughing in his grave . The raw truth is that the vast majority of movies have zero intellectual value , and the few ones that do have some intelligence do n't require a shrink - turned - philosopher to draw one a map to understand them  unless one is a complete idiot . Zizek sees layers and layers of meaning in the most banal movies . Hallucinogenic drugs must be rather popular and cheap in Slovenia these days ... <br /><br />When Zizek showed the bathtub hole in the " Psycho " shower scene , I thought he was going to say something about galactic black holes ; how they drain the life out of stars just as the bathtub hole sucks in Janet Leigh 's blood . Or perhaps he could have said how the hole represents Leigh 's vagina , with the blood flowing into it instead of out ( as in menstruation ) , this representing some kind of " clever ( Zizekian ) irony " . Speaking of which , the real irony is that if Hitchcock had really put that much thought into every scene ( and the script ) , his movies would n't have been the illogical , far - fetched crap that they often are . The point of these bathtub hole analogies was to show just how easy it is to improvise about " hidden , deep meanings " . And when you add Zizek 's fanciful terminology from philosophy and psychology , layering these terms on top of these analogies like wedding cake decorations , you get a rambling jumble that can instantly impress the uneducated - i.e. the easily impressionable and the gullible.<br /><br />Zizek utters a number of ( unintentionally ) funny things here , one of the most absurd ideas being when he associates Anthony Perkins 's cleaning of the bloodied bathroom with " the satisfaction of work , of a job well done " . Do n't laugh ... Neither Hitchcock nor the writer of " Psycho " could have ever even vaguely entertained this notion that Perkins might be enjoying a job well done - the cleaning of a blood - stained toilet - while they were conceiving / directing that scene . Talk about putting words into one 's ( dead ) mouth , but in the context of misinterpreting what the director had to " say".<br /><br />I like Zizek 's initial thoughts on Tarkovsky 's terrific " Solaris " , but then he has to ruin a rare good impression by dragging in " anti - feminism " and other nonsense into his theory.<br /><br />Zizek 's attitude towards logic is that of a dog toward its plastic bone . " I just want to play with it all day ! " Logic has its rules , and is not supposed to be raped - at least not publicly - by the likes of him . He seems to regard logic , proof , common - sense , and reason as enemies or mere throwaway toys ; concepts to be either avoided , twisted to fit the end - goal , or simply annihilated . Zizek is the LSD - tripped hippie , and all his favorite movies are his own personal " 2001"s.<br /><br />The fact that Zizek over - focuses on two of the most overrated directors - and ones whose films often LACK intelligence , if anything - such as Hitchcock and Lynch , only further diminishes his already low credibility . I was surprised De Palma did n't feature more prominently ; that 's another lame director who writes inept scripts . Zizek has a field day with Lynch 's incomprehensible " Lost Highway " . There are just as many interpretations of that movie as there are people who watched it.<br /><br />Zizek 's comment that the viewer readily accepts von Trier 's laughable , " ground - breaking " physical set - up in " Dogville " made me snicker . < br /><br />However , Zizek does n't only make up stuff as he goes along , he also indulges heavily in the " bleedin ' obvious " . Like all " social scientists " ( an oxymoron ) , he wraps his very trite " observations " into articulate ( if full of spitting ) and sometimes complex blankets of language . After all , sociology functions in precisely the same way : it makes us believe we are hearing something new when in fact it 's what we already all know , but told in an eloquent way - which fools the more unobservant listener.<br /><br />I was half - expecting for men in white suits to suddenly appear out of nowhere and strap him up in a loonie - suit ... <br /><br />Slavoj Zizek : soon as a stalker in a kid 's park near you.<br /><br />http://rateyourmusic.com / list / Fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
0 This film is predictable ; it is more predictable then a Vinnie Testaverdi pass , when he huts the ball for the Jets . One saw the ending coming up halfway through the film . The politics reminds me when I was back east . Many people know when the fix is in . I gave this four because of the acting , but the story is lame .
0 This movie had the potential to be far more than it was . But it not only fails to deliver , it brings up nauseous self righteous preaching at the same time.<br /><br />John Cusack is even flatter than he was in Midnight of the Garden of Good and Evil . The difference is that this time he is supposed to have an southern accent , which he noticeably loses several times each scene.<br /><br />Al Pacino does his shtick but seems to be walking through this film and collecting a paycheck . He 's good as usual but hardly standout.<br /><br />Supporting cast -- throw in female romantic interest which added little , if anything , to the story . Speaking of the story , a convoluted " who really cares " tale where Cusack is the self - righteous Mayor 's boy who just has to search for " the right thing " to be done.<br /><br />People do n't act this way . Cusack 's character loses all credibility at the end , of which without revealing it , is preach and nauseous . The final scene makes the penultimate silliness seem profound . It 's also completely inaccurate but I wo n't get into law.<br /><br />This is a bad , by the numbers movie . It seems interesting for the first 40 minutes and then it 's really a preachy , proselytizing , self - righteous film for the last hour . Better off with mindless crap than this pile of junk .
0 Admittedly , I find Al Pacino to be a guilty pleasure . He was a fine actor until Scent of a Woman , where he apparently overdosed on himself irreparably . I hoped this film , of which I 'd heard almost nothing growing up , would be a nice little gem . An overlooked , ahead - of - its - time , intelligent and engaging city - political thriller . It 's not.<br /><br />City Hall is a movie that clouds its plot with so many characters , names , and " realistic " citywide issues , that for a while you think its a plot in scope so broad and implicating , that once you find out the truth , it will blow your mind . In truth , however , these subplots and digressions result ultimately in fairly tame and very familiar urban story trademarks such as Corruption of Power , Two - Faced Politicians , Mafia with Police ties , etc . And theoretically , this setup allows for some thrilling tension , the fear that none of the characters are safe , and anything could happen ! But again , it really doesn't.<br /><br />Unfortunately , the only things that happen are quite predictable , and we 're left with several " confession " monologues , that are meant as a whole to form modern a fable of sorts , a lesson in the moral ambiguity of the " real world " of politics and society . But after 110 minutes of names and missing reports and a spider - web of lies and cover - ups , the audience is usually treated to a somewhat satisfying reveal . I do n't think we 're left with that in City Hall , and while it 's a very full film , I do n't find it altogether rich .
0 Wow . This is really not that good . < br /><br />I would like to agree with the others in that at least the acting is good ... it is , but it is nothing special.<br /><br />The movie is so precictable and i for one am sick of receiving culture info through movies.<br /><br />*/ * * * *
0 I was lured to see this movie by its starpower , but ultimately that 's all it delivers . It plays much more like a Greek tragedy than a modern thriller about big city corruption . It 's greatest flaw is its predictibability and utter lack of suspense . We know who the bad guys are from the beginning , and just follow along as they fall like dominoes . The film to its credit does abstain from gratuitous violence and sex , but has forgotten to substitute good , clean romance or excitement in any other way . All the flavor of a good , flat decaffeinated diet cola . " Q&A " , which also takes place in New York , is a far better alternative , as is " LA Confidential " .
0 Wow , a movie about NYC politics seemingly written by someone who has never set foot in NYC . You know there 's a problem when at one moment you expect the credits to roll and the movie continues on for another half hour . The characters are boring , John Cusack 's accent is laughable , and the plotline teeters between boring and laughable . A horrible movie .
0 > What a dud . It began with some promise , then became unfocused and > wandered . John Cusack 's Cajun accent was laughable , Bridget Fonda 's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film , and Pacino did Pacino . His entire > generation of actors -- Nicholson , Hackman , Caine , Hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly ( or , less > charitably , " mail in " ) in their paycheck films . This was > one . >
0 Do n't get me wrong , the movie is beautiful , the shots are stunning , and the material is dramatic . However , it was a big disappointment and I actually left very angry at what Disney had done.<br /><br />BBC 's Planet Earth was all of the above and more . It was subtle . It had an overall feeling of balance and showed the full circle of life and death . There was tragedy and triumph , loss and gain . It was balanced.<br /><br />Disney 's edit of Earth is none of this . They tried to make it a movie us Americans would talk about . They made it DRAMATIC . They put an over the top musical score there to frighten us . They made predators evil . They made WALRUSES evil . They showed every encounter as negative . It tried to be suspenseful and succeeded , but at the expense of the lesson of balance . The movie was an hour and a half of negative portrayal and only about 10 minutes of positive.<br /><br />I am all for preventing global warning , but this was over the top political and environmental junk.<br /><br />That 's another thing , I went to see it on the big screen , but was disappointed in the picture quality . It looked better on my TV at home.<br /><br />If you want to see something like this and get the whole picture , go out and buy , rent , or borrow the BBC 's Planet Earth series . It is better lessons , better sound , and ( if you have Blu - Ray)better picture quality .
0 I ca n't believe I am so angry after seeing this that I am about to write my first ever review on IMDb.<br /><br />This Disney documentary is nothing but a rehashed Planet Earth lite . Now I knew going into this that it was advertised as " from the people who brought you Planet Earth , " but I had no idea they were going to blatantly use the exact same cuts as the groundbreaking documentary mini - series . I just paid $ 8.75 to see something I already own on DVD . Shame on Disney for not warning people that there is absolutely nothing original here ( save a James Earl Jones voice - over and 90 seconds of sailfish that I do n't believe were in Planet Earth).<br /><br />But the biggest crime of all , is that while Planet Earth uses the tragic story of the polar bear as evidence that we are killing this planet and a catalyst for ecologic change , Disney took that story and turned it into family friendly tripe . After the male polar bear 's demise , they show his cubs grown significantly a year later , and spew some garbage about how they are ready to carry on his memory , and that the earth really is a beautiful place after all . No mention of the grown cubs impending deaths due to the same plight their father endured , no warning of trouble for future generations if we do n't get our act together , nothing . Just a montage of stuff we have already seen throughout the movie ( and many times more , if you are one of the billion people who have already seen Planet Earth).<br /><br />I have never left the theater feeling so ashamed and cheated in my life .
0 Yesterday was Earth Day ( April 22 , 2009 ) in the US and other countries , and I went to see the full - feature movie - version of " Earth " by DisneyNature . I guess , like the auto manufacturers , Disney is trying to convince us that they care about the planet . Maybe they really do care about the planet , I do n't know , but I do n't think it warrants a special unit with the word " nature " in it . I do know that my youngest daughter loves Mickey Mouse , and who am I to tell a one - year old my personal feelings about Disney ? < br /><br />Aside from incredible cinematography , it was a typical Disney disappointment for me . Preceded by a half - dozen Disney movie trailers , rife with Disney cliché ( " circle of life " , " falling with style " ) , over - dramatic music , recycled footage ( Disney claims " 40 % new footage " ) . I was even starting to think that James Earl Jones narration is getting a bit boring . I like James Earl Jones , but his work for Disney and Morgan Freeman doing every Warner Brothers narrative starts to wear thin . I really think that Disney bought some BBC nature photography that was so spectacularly done , they felt it would sell itself if they slapped some orchestral music and recognizable sound - bites on it.<br /><br />And what is Disney 's obsession with showing predators chasing and killing baby animals ? There were a half - dozen such scenes , complete with bleating youngsters on the verge of getting their throats ripped out . I think Disney needs to recognize that animals have a rich and interesting life outside of life and death struggles that appeal to the action - movie oriented teenagers that got dragged to this film by their parents . I was also cognizant of how Disney stopped well short of implying that man had anything to do with the climate change . Are they so afraid of the tiny minority of deniers that they think it 's still a controversial subject ? < br /><br />I recommend skipping this one and renting the Blue Planet DVDs on Netflix . Nature films seem to be best done by the British at the moment .
0 i do n't know why , but after all the hype on NPR i thought this was a new movie ..... all the best footage has been used for BBC docs and NatGeo projects that you have seen if you are interested in nature programs ... it has been repackaged with sappy narration and over - dramatic music for Disney to take advantage of Earth Day - there are great moments , and it is always nice to listen to Darth Vader ....... oops , ........... James Earl Jones speak , but I had hoped for a ground breaking movie , considering the new camera technology used in the making of this film ...... it has been sanitized for a child audience , so one can actually see better footage for free on youtube .... i feel that we are due for something as ground breaking as Koyannisquatsi ( sic ) and this movie is certainly not it
0 A lot of death happens in the wild . You do n't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out ! But does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary ? What is with this fascination with gruesome death ? Do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions ? Or , a cheetah grabbing a gazelle by the throat in slow motion , no less ! I thought this was going to be a family - friendly nature film ! < br /><br />And , why not have the courage to show the gruesome violence in the film 's trailers ? Were the filmmakers afraid of losing money?<br /><br />Then in typical , comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent Birds - of - Paradise perform mating rituals to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible . It was surreal ! It 's as if the filmmakers believed they were only addressing a roomful of First and Second graders on a school field trip ! Wow ! From the mean to the moronic in a heartbeat!<br /><br />If there are any future nature documentary filmmakers waiting in the wings reading this film review , why not focus on : Animals actually copulating ; giving birth ; laying eggs ; bathing ; sleeping ; cleaning each other ; socializing ; playing ; emotional displays other than fear and anger ; unusual behaviors , like mouth brooding ; migration ; problem solving skills ; culture ( yes , many animal species have what humans call culture ) ; communication skills ; parenting , healing abilities , etc . In other words , stop focusing on violence or dumbing down beauty , and why not be much more well - rounded - and focus on delight and inspiration , instead ?
0 My title above says it all . Let me make it clearer . If you have seen the BBC 's " Planet Earth " , which I am sure most of you have , then you are not gon na like this movie too much . And I own all the discs of " Planet Earth " I had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it . I was excited to check it out.<br /><br />Alas , I went to the theater and the movie started , I saw it was a Disney movie with production companies listing BBC and Discovery . And when they started the first scenes about the polar bear , I recognized them from my DVDs at home of " Planet Earth".<br /><br />The movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from " Planet Earth".<br /><br />We were very very disappointed , as I think 90 % of the footage is from " Planet Earth " . I am saying 90 % , because some of the scenes I did n't recognize . I have a feeling that I simply did n't remember them.<br /><br />So finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of " Planet Earth " , with a narration aimed at kids . Yes , the narration is quite kiddish . Let me give you an example . When they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says " The polar cubs are not like human kids . They do n't always listen to their mothers " ( I do n't remember the exact words , but this is how it is ) So in a nutshell . This is condensed " Planet Earth " for kids !
0 For those who 'd like to see this movie ? I 'd say : go ! Without the narration it might be a very good movie / documentary . But the music , the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me . Following several animals , their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we 're watching . But the melodramatic point of view just does n't cut it for me , moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey ( one exception left there ) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene . I ask myself why that happens , if they were to show reality , why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains ? I think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd , cause after all : it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet .
0 The Invisible Man is a fantastic movie from 1933 , a cutting edge film for it 's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible . Go ahead , take a look at the film , you will be shocked that it was made in 1933 , it was the first true special effects movie . Come 2000 , computer aided special effects seem like child 's play , audiences are not blown away by special effects , instead they are disappointed if they are not done right . The special effects in Hollow Man , the update of the HG Wells story , are OK , but not the biggest problem with this film directed by Paul Verhoeven , who you might remember from Showgirls and Total Recall . Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine , a scientist dabbling in the world of bio - invisibilation ( yeah , I know that 's not a word ) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team 's funding . So , as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do , he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation ( yeah , I know , I used that non - word again ) process . The process has dire consequences , no Caine does not die , but instead becomes a horny , violent creature , aka a guy . Now that he 's invisible , Caine stalks a sexy neighbor , a co - worker , former girlfriend Linda ( Elisabeth Shue ) , and the man who took away his funding . Then a funny thing happens , Caine becomes a new supernatural being , " The Thing That Wo n't Die . " Laughing in the face of all things natural , Caine faces down death and spits in it 's face , as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die , dragging the ending of the movie out . The movie is silly , stupid , and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used , sometimes not . There are neat possibilities in Hollow Man , but of course , not one of them is explored . For a more interesting look at an invisible being , get ready for some good old - fashioned black and white cinema , and check out the 1933 Invisible Man . Kevin Bacon will still be invisible when you come back , probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano .
0 One could wish that an idea as good as the " invisible man " would work better and be more carefully handled in the age of fantastic special effects , but this is not the case . The story , the characters and , finally the entire last 20 minutes of the film are about as fresh as a mad - scientist flick from the early 50 's . There are some great moments , mostly due to the amazing special effects and to the very idea of an invisible man stalking the streets . But alas , soon we 're back in the cramped confinement of the underground lab , which means that the rest of the film is not only predictable , but schematic.<br /><br />There has been a great many remakes of old films or TV shows over the past 10 years , and some of them have their charms . But it 's becoming clearer and clearer for each film that the idea of putting ol' classics under the noses of eager madmen like Verhoeven ( who does have his moments ) is a very bad one . It is obvious that the money is the key issue here : the time and energy put into the script is nowhere near enough , and as a result , " Hollow Man " is seriously undermined with clichés , sappy characters , predictability and lack of any depth whatsoever.<br /><br />However , the one thing that actually impressed me , beside the special effects , was the swearing . When making this kind of film , modern producers are very keen on allowing kids to see them . Therefore , the language ( and , sometimes , the violence and sex ) is very toned down . When the whole world blows up , the good guys go " Oh darn ! " and " Oh my God " . " Hollow Man " gratefully discards that kind of hypocrisy and the characters are at liberty to say what comes most natural to them . I 'm not saying that the most natural response to something gone wrong is to swear - but it makes it more believable if SOMEONE actually swears . I think we can thank Verhoeven for that .
0 I get to the cinema every week or so , and regularly check out this site , but never before have I felt compelled to comment on a film.<br /><br />To my all time list of shockingly bad films - Last Man Standing , Spawn , The Bone Collector - I can now add the drivel that was ' Hollow Man'.<br /><br />From the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over - long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal , and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end.<br /><br />This is n't just my opinion - it was that of my friends , and everyone around us . When large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller , its clear that the film is hopeless.<br /><br />Not only that , it was sick too . The director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film , and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked B - movie . It 's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man , because the extent of the invisible man 's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts . Perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke 's mind if made invisible , but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved , it hardly makes entertaining cinema.<br /><br />[spoilers follow]<br /><br />Get past the films sick exterior , and things are even worse . Whilst Kevin Bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as ' hollow man ' , the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast . One long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man , " He 's finally snapped " shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion . This is par for the course , and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting . They pad their way through the lab corridors terrified , guns poised , but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague . The lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he 's insulted and abused her , and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts , even after he drowns the Pentagon chief , " He drowned in his pool last night " reports the same female , spectacularly failing to put two and two together.<br /><br />The script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue , and the rest is just an A - Z of film cliches , which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end.<br /><br />The ' eureka ' moment at the computer , the female undressing at the window , the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers , the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices , the almost - dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman , the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer , the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes , the falling lift which just stops before hitting them , and more than anything else , the immortality of the bad guy.<br /><br />The invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame - thrower , electrocuted , whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors , and then having apparently survived the explosion , fireball and total destruction of the labs , has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches.<br /><br />That this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding . Even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself , and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one , which should be avoided at all costs .
0 ( some spoilers ) - as if you would n't know how it 'll end < br /><br />My expectations for HOLLOW MAN were high . A very good commercial , a director like Paul Verhoeven and actors like Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue , plus a very interesting theme - invisibility . Every premise for a great movie was accomplished . Unfortunately these things did n't matter at all . The movie was very very week , without suspense and awfully predictable . < br /><br />It 's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility . After the tests on animals succeeded , Kevin Bacon decides to test it on himself . Once he 's invisible , he changes completely , realizing the advantages of not being seen . From this to murder there 's a very thin line.<br /><br />Hollow Man is an ill movie . It suffers of the disease that many new movies have : the special effects . From a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller , Verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects , without giving a damn about the real value of the movie . I must admit , the fx are awesome , probably the best i have seen since Matrix , but that 's not enough to make a movie good . Actually that 's the problem with the movies today . Just like Verhoeven , most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more . The exceptions are very few , and probably the Matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot.<br /><br />After Starship Troopers , Verhoeven disappoints again . In stead of a great film , HM is cr*p . There are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie : 1 . the special effects 2 . the joke with Superman and Wonder Woman ( i wo n't spoil this moment for you ... )<br /><br />Okay , so what went wrong with the movie ? Everything . Let 's see what i can remember.<br /><br />--- It 's not tensed at all . It should 've been , but it 's not.<br /><br />--- It 's too predictable . You know from the beginning who will die and who will live.<br /><br />--- In stead of focusing on the psychological part , Verhoeven cares only about the effects.<br /><br />--- Very many cliches . < br /><br />--- Of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying.<br /><br />--- Just like in every low quality horror , the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible . Every time there is somebody alone in the lab , perfect victim for Bacon.<br /><br />--- Some holes in the plot . Example : at the beginning , Bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab . After he 's invisible , how can he do that?<br /><br />--- The ending : absolutely horrible.<br /><br />--- After Shue hits Bacon in the head , Bacon falls down to the ground . Then Shue and Brolin leave quietly and slowly , without looking back . Is that normal ? Then Bacon gets up , attacks them , they " kill " him again . And then Shue screams " I heard an explosion " ( happened minutes ago ) , and they suddenly run inside . Did n't she hear that explosion some time before?<br /><br />--- There 's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors . Come on , Mr Verhoeven , i expected much more from you!<br /><br />So that 's about Hollow Man . What was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam . < br /><br />Vote : 4 out of 10 ( for the special effects )
0 Leave it to Paul " sex on the brain " Verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the INVISIBLE MAN story . If he 'd direct a Pokemon film , I 'm sure he 'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts . I do n't mind sex or even sleaze ( check my other reviews ) on film but frankly , it 's obvious the director has a one track mind and he could n't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it . It 's a shame because it could have been good if the film did n't spend so much time having an invisible Kevin Bacon grope women . < br /><br />The game cast of actors does what it can with the one - note cheesy script but I felt bad for some of them , including William Devane , who is totally wasted here.<br /><br />But then what could I have expected from the director of SHOWGIRLS , which , btw , is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film .
0 Going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac . So right away you 're guessing who will live and who will die . The survivors end up being exactly who you 'd expect them to be , so no points for plot twists there.<br /><br />And if you 're not sure if this is a B - movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story , William Devane plays a part : instant B - movie status.<br /><br />The movie is promising in the beginning . At the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent . Oooh , foreboding . The best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again . Great special effects . Same thing when they make Bacon invisible.<br /><br />There are a couple of bare breasts , a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an R - rating that it really did n't need.<br /><br />For a thriller there were n't really any surprises , except when Shue makes like MacGyver in the freezer , which is more of a ' Whaaaa ? ' OK , there is one surprise . That 's when Caine ( Bacon ) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft . It was a surprise but only because you 're yelling at TV , ' Noooo ! You 're dead already ! End the movie ! ' Speaking of yelling at the TV , that 's all I did for the last 25 minutes or so . ' Put on your f#@%ing goggles ! ' Instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him , they try every other trick in the book ( fire extinguishers , sprinkler systems ... ).<br /><br />The story really lost it at the end . But the special effects were good ; that 's the only reason I give it a 2/10 .
0 This is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression .. Story writing IS what movie making is about . < br /><br />Incredible visual effects .. Very good acting , especially from Shue . Everything is perfect .. Except .. The story is just poor and so , everything fails.<br /><br />Picture this , if you had the power to be invisible .. What would you do ? Well , our mad scientist here ( played by Kevin Bacon ) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women .. This is all his supposedly " genius " mind could think of . Does he try to gain extra power ? No . He does n't even bother research a way to get back to being visible . The guy is basically a sex crazed maniac.<br /><br />Add to that , the lab atmosphere , you have all these young guys .. Throwing around jokes like they were in a bar .. If it was n't for all the white coats and equipment , you would think this is a bad imitation of " Cheers . " Very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the Hollow Man 's wolf.<br /><br />Even as a thriller , the movie falls way short because most of the " thrilling " scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming " this is just a stupid thing I have to do so that the Hollow man can find me alone and kill me." < br /><br />If you read the actual book , while the Scientist ( Cane ) goes after women , there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character . In the movie , Cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it . Just sad .
0 Within the realm of Science Fiction , two particular themes consistently elicit interest , were initially explored in the literature of a pre - cinematic era , and have since been periodically revisited by filmmakers and writers alike , with varying degrees of success . The first theme , that of time travel , has held an unwavering fascination for fans of film , as well as the written word , most recently on the screen with yet another version of the H.G. Wells classic , ` The Time Machine . ' The second theme , which also manages to hold audiences in thrall , is that of invisibility , which sparks the imagination with it 's seemingly endless and myriad possibilities . And this theme , too , has again become the basis for a film adapted from another H.G. Wells classic , ` The Invisible Man , ' the realization of which , here , is ` Hollow Man , ' directed by Paul Verhoeven , and starring Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue.<br /><br />Sebastian Caine ( Bacon ) and his colleagues have for some time been conducting experiments for the U.S. Government , exploring the possibility and practicality of invisibility , which they have , at last , achieved in a number of the primates upon which they have tested their method . They have , in fact , progressed to the point that effecting the invisibility is assured ; their only problem now is bringing the subject back to the original ` visual ' state of being . It 's a problem , however , that Caine , after diligent effort and too many hours in the lab , has solved-- or so he thinks . And when the application of his theory on a live subject is successful , he decides to present the results to the board of directors , in an effort to thereby maintain the funding necessary for the continuation of the project.<br /><br />At the last minute , though , Caine demurs , fearing that control of the project will be wrested from him before they can proceed to the next level-- the testing of a human subject . And he takes it upon himself to become that subject , securing the assistance of his research team by telling them that they 've been given approval by the board to do so . But something goes wrong , and Caine becomes trapped in his cloak of invisibility ; and as he and his team struggle to find the solution to his considerable dilemma before it 's too late , it all begins to take a toll on Caine 's mind . And suddenly , his fear of losing funding and control becomes inconsequential , as he finds himself facing the imminent danger of losing much more than that . Now there 's a very real chance that he may lose everything-- Including himself.<br /><br />Verhoeven has crafted what is initially an exciting , even thought provoking film ; he establishes a good pace and uses the F / X at his disposal to great effect , though he does tend to allow the striking visuals to overwhelm the character development . Anyone familiar with ` The Invisible Man , ' or actually anyone who can logically follow the progression of the story , will know early on that Caine is not destined for happier times . Still , Verhoeven has a style of storytelling that is definitely going to capture the attention and engage his audience . But he seems bent on rushing toward the climax , and along the way he abandons any and all of the nuance that has made his film thus far successful , opting to enter into a final sequence that is nothing more than a mindless blood - and - gore fest that betrays his audience and everything he 's worked for earlier in the film . Rather than seeking an intelligent resolution to Caine 's suffering , and using some inventiveness and imagination to take the film to it 's inevitable conclusion , Verhoeven takes the low road , and though it may succeed on a purely visceral level , any meaning one could derive from the story dissolves like so many ashes in the wind , along with anything that would have made this a memorable film . And it 's a shame , because Verhoeven has it at a higher level than much of what is offered in this genre , and he allows it to sink unnecessarily to one much lower.<br /><br />Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a character that is believable , if only on the surface , which seemingly serves Verhoeven 's purposes perfectly . There 's little depth to Bacon 's portrayal , but it has more to do with his director 's agenda than his own acting abilities . Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon the time to develop Caine to any extent ; the character is mainly a vessel around which Verhoeven can build his story , and toward that end , it works . The film would have been better served , however , had Verhoeven and Bacon collaborated more closely on at least developing a bond between Caine and the audience that would have prompted some emotional involvement on the viewers part , something that would have drawn them in a bit , rather than leaving them at the gate , as it were , as mere observers of an F / X laden extravaganza.<br /><br />Elisabeth Shue comports herself well in the role of Linda McKay , Caine 's willing accomplice in the ill - fated experiment , but it 's basically a thankless part that offers little challenge , especially to an actor of Shue 's caliber . The same can be said of Kim Dickens ( so magnificent in the 2001 film , ` Things Behind the Sun ' ) . Her character , Sarah Kennedy , does little more than support the action and F / X. Both actors are capable of so much more , and deserve better than what they are given to work with here.<br /><br />The supporting cast includes Josh Brolin ( Matthew ) , Greg Grunberg ( Carter ) , Joey Slotnick ( Frank ) , Mary Randle ( Janice ) and William Devane ( Dr. Kramer ) . Entertaining to a point , and even successful on a certain ( low ) level , ` Hollow Man ' is one of those films that leaves you contemplating what could have been . Like an annual fireworks display , it will give you some momentary thrills , but after awhile it 'll begin to blend in with all the others you 've seen , without anything special to set it apart . And it 's too bad , because given the talent and abilities of those involved here , it could have been so much more . I rate this one 4/10.<br /><br / > < br /><br / > < br /><br / >
0 I do n't normally feel much of an incentive to comment on films I do n't like , but in a case like this one , I just have to say something . This movie is terrible , illogical , and stupid . There are so many flaws in the storytelling that I do n't even feel obliged to elaborate on because it 's time for me to move on from this experience . The most annoying point is , however , that at no point in the film does anyone explain whether the motivations for Bacon 's character 's madness are due to a power trip or a physiological reaction to his condition.<br /><br />Granted the special effects are impressive , and in the past Paul Verhoeven has done some good stuff ( the director 's cut of Robocop on DVD is great ) . However , this movie is stupid and generally does n't come near to explaining the point or technical aspect of the subject matter , and instead settles for predictable action without any enjoyment.<br /><br / > In short , as many other reviews here say ( wish I had read them before ... ) - Stay away from this film !
0 Unfortunately , one of the best efforts yet made in the area of special effects has been made completely pointless by being placed alongside a lumbering , silly and equally pointless plot and an inadequate , clichéd screenplay . Hollow Man is a rather useless film.<br /><br />Practically everything seen here has been done to death - the characters , the idea and the action sequences ( especially the lift shaft ! ) - with the only genuinely intriguing element of the film being the impressive special effects . However , it is just the same special effect done over and over again , and by the end of the film that has been done to death also . I was hoping before watching Hollow Man that the Invisible Man theme , which is hardly original in itself , would be the basis of something newer and more interesting . This is not so . It is n't long before the film turns into an overly - familiar blood bath and mass of ineffectual histrionics - the mound of clichés piles up so fast that it 's almost impressive.<br /><br />On top of all this , Kevin Bacon does a pretty useless job and his supporting cast are hardly trying their best . Good points might be a passable Jerry Goldsmith score ( but no competition for his better efforts ) , a quite interesting use of thermal imagery and the special effects . I was tempted to give this film three out of ten , but the effects push Hollow Man 's merit up one notch.<br /><br />4/10
0 < br /><br />Paul Verhoeven finally bombed out on this one . He became a joke on himself . Once again we have a film which includes sex and violence , immorality , leering at women and lots of attitiude talk between the characters and dollying pans.<br /><br />Its all for nothing . Because their is no action at all in this film . It fudges all its set pieces . All the actors give the kind of performances form a Verhoeven film . In other words rampant over acting on almost every level . Starship Troopers got away with it because it was such a macho world the characters inhabited . In this scientists are acting the same way . Sorry Paul but Soldiers and scientist are not really made of the same mindset.<br /><br />One major flaw in the plot was that after escaping for that one night to do evil things Kevin Bacons character then returns back to the science lab where we have already spent more then enough time watching these animated manniquens ( Elizabeth Shue excepted ) walk and talk . Why not show the extent of what the character could do in the outside world . How could they possibly track him if he could be anywhere at all ? ? ? Think os all the different things that could have been done with this concept , both in terms of story and characterisation . Then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was.<br /><br />More insulting is the Doco on the DVD where everyone is claiming that Verhoeven is some kind of MAd Genius . Well one out of two is nt that bad.<br /><br />This film has nothing of note in it . Just like the title says.<br /><br />Hollow ! ! !
0 Other than some neat special effects , this movie has nothing to offer . They threw in some gore and some nudity to try and make it interesting , but with no success . Kevin Bacon 's acting was pretty good , but he could n't salvage the movies lack of plot .
0 I love special effects and witnessing new technologies that make science fiction seem real . The special effects of this movie are very good . I have seen most of this movie , since it 's been airing on HBO for the past couple of months . I must admit , I MAY have missed a few scenes , but I 'm usually drawn into movies , and have seen some scenes more than once . But every time I see some of " Hollow Man , " I feel depressed , almost like a " film noir . " I 'm not sure why ; perhaps it 's that I do n't want Kevin Bacon to be evil , and there 's disappointment in that . But I think it 's witnessing just HOW relentlessly evil he becomes . Regardless , I can recommend this movie for excitement ( although some parts move slowly ) , but I do NOT recommend for youngsters under the age of 14 ( perhaps 12 , if they are mature ) .
0 The buzz for this film has always been about the fabulous graphics that make Kevin Bacon disappear . Sadly , they stopped there . They should have continued to make the script disappear , then the silly set , and finally every visible element of this film . Because , there 's nothing else there to show.<br /><br />Gary Thompson and Andrew Marlowe are listed as the writing credits for this film . I do n't really think they exist . I think they bought this script at " Scripts - R - Us " , where you buy a standard blank " Monster Movie " script and just fill in the blanks . There 's a monster stalking us . Let 's split up . ( They actually " let 's split up " in this movie ) . Hit Alien / Giant - bug / Monster / Invisible - man with crowbar . Not dead yet . Burn Huge - rabbit / Shark / Invisible - man in unsurvivable fire . Not dead yet . You know , the standard stuff . Even the minimum number of elements that were specific to an invisible man movie ( IR glasses , spraying with something like paint ) were handled badly . < br /><br />What is sad is that there were lots of possibilities for this to be a fascinating movie . They psychological issues for the subject , the deterioration of the mind due to the process , treating an invisible subject , and many other ideas were touched on for usually less than 2 seconds and would have been far more interesting . Had there been any desire to save Kevin Bacon in the end , it would have been a much better movie . All in all , it stunk.<br /><br />I would mention some of the incredibly stupid elements of the ending of the movie , but I do n't want to do any spoilers . Suffice it to say that these characters are so stupid they do n't think about pulling the plug on a machine rather than ...
0 This movie is worth watching if you enjoy marvelling over special effects . There are some interesting visuals.<br /><br />Aside from that , it 's typical nineties / aughties hollywood fare of dazzle without substance . True to the title.<br /><br />It 's not worth picking apart the story . That 's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur . There 's not much there to begin with . It 's nothing original and not very special . So do n't go in for the story at all . Just look at the effects.<br /><br />As has been mentioned , it got a little flashy at the end , diluting the purity of great FX treatment of an invisible ( and at times half invisible ) man . However if you ignore the " standard " pyrotechnics , it 's a sight to behold ( or not to behold).<br /><br />All in all , it 's a decent FX film worth seeing for that purpose and that alone .
0 Shortly after seeing this film I questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role . Elizabeth Shue is a commendable actress , why would she embrace such an overrated opportunity ? I must give credit where credit is due , though . Some moments in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing , but they hardly made up for the scathing perverse tendencies of Kevin Bacon 's character , Sebastian Caine . I would n't recommend this movie to anyone , man or woman , that has any form of self - respect to account for .
0 Another violent , angry fantasy from Paul Verhoeven . Verhoeven is a puzzle : it 's difficult to tell whether he takes his sordid impulses seriously , with sardonic intent or operates in complete oblivion . He also seems completely ignorant of the fact that all the brilliant visuals in the world ( and this has some outstanding ones ) can not hide a negligence to story , dialogue and performance . Kevin Bacon plays a corrupt scientist who has discovered invisibility and uses it to drive himself into moral bankruptcy . Bacon is normally a likable actor who occasionally shows his dark side ( ` The River Wild ' ) in an attempt to offset his boyish looks ; given the material , however , Bacon is n't nearly hateful enough to compel . The other principals are Elisabeth Shue and Josh Brolin , neither of whom are gifted enough to make a solid impression and who , when forced to deliver inane dialogue , embarrass themselves . The climax is a study in preponderance and disbelief has to be truly suspended .
0 To describe this film as garbage is unfair . At least rooting through garbage can be an absorbing hobby . This flick was neither absorbing nor entertaining.<br /><br />Kevin Bacon can act superbly given the chance , so no doubt had an IRS bill to settle when he agreed to this dire screenplay . The mad scientist story of ' Hollow Man ' has been told before , been told better , and been told without resorting to so many ludicrously expensive special effects.<br /><br />Most of those special effects seem to be built around the transparent anatomical dolls of men , women and dogs you could buy in the early seventies . In the UK they were marketed as ' The Transparent Man ( /Woman / Dog ) ' which is maybe where they got the title for this film.<br /><br />Clever special effects , dire script , non - existent plot.<br /><br / >
0 That 's what I found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film . First off , the computer effects are absolutely mind - blowing ! Those computer wizs ' really deserve a pat on the back . The rest of the movie , though ... <br /><br />None of the characters act in a realistic manner , especially in the aforementioned , despicable 3rd act ( I promise I wo n't give it away , but trust me , it 's not worth keeping a secret ! ) . A lot of laughs in the film come unintentionally , like when they try to explain that an invisible man 's eyelids do n't work . Please , give the viewers more credit than that!!!<br /><br />Some of the sexual aspects of the film were interesting . What would you do , after all , if you were invisible ? No one could catch you ! These issues were dealt much more intelligently in the classic The Invisible Man from 1933 . There is one scene of violence in particular that is so incredibly ambiguous , and is not mentioned once later on . If more attention had been paid it , Kevin bacon 's mad scientist might have made a little more sense . < br /><br />The movie would actually be much more successful as a porno , since the premise could actually be carried out in a unique and interesting manner . But this piece of work ... go see something else . Or do n't , and live with the consequences!<br /><br />3/10
0 I rarely make these comments but I felt compelled to spare others the pain I endured in watching this movie . It 's so stupid and implausible both in the overall story and in the details that you simply ca n't suspend disbelief . The problem starts early , when you see a government researcher tooling around in a new Porsche and dining with his team in a restaraunt that looks like a castle , overlooking the Capitol Building in Washington , D.C. That kind of life on a government salary ? Hah ! It only gets worse . Toward the end , when the bad guy starts killing off the good guys , the latter group act so stupidly that you want them to die , in order to cleanse the gene pool . The special effects are pretty good - any producer 's money can buy that - and the lead actors have been great in other films , but the screenplay and direction here are moronic . Many people have wondered whether there was some deliberate intelligence behind Paul Verhoeven 's previous , facially stupid movies ( Showgirls , Starship Troopers ) , but this movie should stop the wondering . He 's just plain bad .
0 This picture started out with good intentions , Bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility , and Shue is cute as usual in her role . It all falls apart after that , it 's your typical Hollywood thriller now , filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore , minus any kind of humour , wit or soul . In other words , do n't waste your time watching this . Get the audiocassette tape with John DeLancie as the Invisible Man instead , also starring Leonard Nimoy . Now that was good , and HG Wells is well served , unlike with this mess .
0 C'mon guys some previous reviewers have nearly written a novel commenting on this episode . It 's just an old 60 's TV show ! This episode of Star Trek is notable because of the most serious babe ( Yeoman Barrow 's ) ever used on Star Trek and the fact that it was filmed in a real outdoor location . Unlike the TNG and Voyager series which were totally confined to sound stages.<br /><br />This use of an outdoor location ( and babe ) gives proper depth and an almost film like quality to a quite ordinary episode of this now dated and very familiar show.<br /><br />Except a few notable exceptions i.e " The city on the edge of forever " , " assignment Earth " and " Tomorrow is Yesterday " The old series of Star Trek needs to be seriously moth - balled and put out of it 's boring misery . Half a dozen good episodes from 79 is quite a poor batting average.<br /><br />This is typical of the boring stuff Gene Roddenberry produced back then actually , contrary to popular belief where some people worshiped the ground he walked on , he actually made a LOT of rubbish ! He does n't deserve to be spoken of in the same breath as Irwin Allen for example.<br /><br />Just look at the set of the bridge of the Enterprise from a modern point of view . They used wobbly plywood for the floor , cafeteria chairs with plastic backs and cheap cardboard above the instrument panels . You can clearly see the folds in the paper ! Every expense spared or what !
0 Okay , now what the hell is this supposed to be ? Is it a family fantasy movie to cash in further on the huge success of Spielberg 's " Close Encounters of the Third Kind " ? Or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as " When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth " and " The Lost World " ? Perhaps it 's an intellectual & philosophical masterpiece we all fail to comprehend ? Yes , that must be it ! Whatever it is , the creators of " The Day Time Ended " ( good old John ' Bud ' Cardos of " Kingdom of the Spiders " and writer David Schmoeller of " Tourist Trap " ) must have been sniffing quite a lot glue when they penned down the ideas for this demented hodgepodge of genres . The story does n't make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but , hey , who cares as long as it 's got papier - mâché dinosaurs , miniature spacecrafts , headache - inducing light & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas ! The voice - over introduction is practically inaudible , but no worries as it 's all gibberish ! Did you know that the definition of ' time ' is n't what we all think it is ? Time does n't necessarily pass by chronologically , it is one giant paradox ! Words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us . I have absolutely NO idea what all this means , but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather tap - dancing midget aliens and well - mannered dinosaurs on screen together . I deliberately say well - mannered dinosaurs , because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before menacing his targets . The crazy plot revolves on a family of weirdos living in their solar - powered house in the middle of nowhere . Grandpa is extremely annoying , the granddaughter even more , granny is a walking & talking advertisement billboard for plastic surgery , the youngest son strangely resembles Prince Valiant and the young mother is   incredibly hot ! Chris Mitchum for some reason also pointless wanders around the filming sets as the hot mommy 's husband on business travel . The special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely laughable ( I sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about " excellent special effects " was being sarcastic ) , but the absolute most genius aspect here are the dialogs ! Just read this wondrous example of extraordinary writing : < br /><br />Grandpa : " You know what this is , do n't you ? This is a time - space warp!<br /><br />Stevie : " I 'm not quite sure if I know what that means , dad" < br /><br />Grandpa : " Well , I guess nobody really does " < br /><br />Make up your mind , gramps ! Do you know what it is or do n't you ? And stop talking about " The Vortex " like you 're some kind of expert in the field ! " The Day Time Ended " is an incredibly childish and not - worth - bothering - for fantasy movie , though I can totally understand that some of its fans cherish the film because they saw it at young age and became fascinated with the flamboyant effects . The ending completely comes out of nowhere , like they suddenly ran out of money or like the effects of the mushrooms they were eating wore out unexpectedly .
0 I saw this when it was in the theater , it started out so strong I mean back in 1980 this was a bold movie and the special effects were excellent AT THE time . Now you would have to of been at least 30 or so in 1980 to really understand this point because studying film historically misses the mind set at the time the expectations , and other related psychological factors . Now as I said the movie was engaging suspenseful and very entertaining . It builds to an excellent climax then .... IT ends I mean the person that described it as having a water balloon break in your hand before throwing it , besides being a very poetic description . In my experience , it was just not strong enough . My wife and I were well ... how can I say this ? We were upset , I mean we paid money , invested the time to watch the movie which was excellent . " We both felt we were robbed with an ending that convinced us both the production company must of run out of money and could not raise enough to finish it correctly . In fact my wife said it best , it did not end , IT JUST STOPPED !
