1 I liked this movie sort of reminded me of my marriage . It is very clean you can see it with family . Very nicely done . Songs are OK too . I think the writer director is great . The movie shows how marriages progress thru time . They have couples at different stages of life and relationships in their life the film beautifully depicts quite a few stages in parallel in the same story . Some of the dialogs are quite good . The movie depicts complex human emotion very nicely not with over dramatization . Also shows perfect is after all not so perfect . Shows very nicely the dynamics of arranged marriage when it is new . The movie is very well written and directed .
1 As a Westerner watching another culture 's view and tradition of marriag , I found Just Married mesmerizing and delightful . The idea of marrying a stranger through the mutual arrangement of parents is difficult , especially in this modern age . Yet this is the case in this Hindi film . Told with humor , and fresh perspective , we learn of Abhay and Ritika who have only met once and are now on their traditional five day honeymoon . As said , it is difficult to believe in this cell phone affluent age that such an archaic custom as an arranged marriage still take place . We see the awkwardness that this young couple feels as they come together on their first night , and how they try to forge a bond , even though they do not know one another . We see different views of marriage and commitment as presented by the other couples also on holiday , from a couple of forty years married to others still unsure of making marital commitment . There 's song , witty dialog , poignant moments , blending and comparison of new ways and tradition . Watching the movie with subtitles definitely loses some of the trueness of the story , yet it is still a delight to watch . Granted some of the plot is a little trite and the bus incident a bit drawn out and contrived ; however the overall movie was worth watching .
1 It 's a rehash of many recent films only this one has fewer stars , lesser complications and a more fuzzy feel to it . Abhay and Ritika ( played by Fardeen Khan & Esha Deol respectively ) meet at a friend 's wedding where their own marriage ( unbeknowst to them ) begins its process of being arranged . Within no time the two strangers are married and sent of to a honeymoon camp where they meet other couples going through the motions similar to theirs . As they spend time together , secrets are revealed , hearts broken and/or mended and love blossoms.<br /><br />If you 've seen Honeymoon Private Limited and/or Salaam - e - Ishq , then you 've seen this film . The plot twists are the same , there is not a single element of surprise in the entire two and a half hours of the film . Everything is predictable . I only enjoyed it because I had seen ' Darling ' ( also starring the leads Deol & Khan ) earlier in the day and enjoyed their chemistry in that so I said " why not " when my sister suggested we rent ' Just married ' as well.<br /><br />See it : Because Kirron Kher co - stars and is her usual darling self in it.<br /><br />Skip it : Because you 've had enough of all this couple - fest nonsense ! < br /><br />C+
1 I am very sorry that this charming and whimsical film ( which I first saw soon after it was first released in the early fifties ) has had such a poor reception more recently . In my opinion it has been greatly underrated - but perhaps it appeals more to the European sense of humour than to ( for example ) the American : maybe we in Europe can understand and appreciate its subtleties and situations more , since we are closer to some of them in real life ! Particular mention should be made of the limited but good music - especially the catchy and memorable song " It 's a fine , fine night " , which was issued separately on an HMV 78rpm record ( 10 inch plum label , I think ! ) in the fifties . I would urge anyone interested to give it a try if you get the chance : you may have a pleasant surprise .
1 Cute idea ... salesgirl Linda Smith ( Yolande Donlan ) inherits a teeny tiny little county of Lampidorra . That country , which was n't even in North America , was made the 49th state ... ( of course , there were only 48 states at the time , since this was made in 1952 ... ) Linda travels to the country she has inherited , and we follow her along as she tries to figure out what to do with this strange country and its even quirkier people . At one point , she sings a song that she claims is from her people the Navajo , and it gets ever - more sillier from there .... although Yolande Donlan 's heavy lipstick and omni - present smile never get ruffled or shmeared . There are other songs scattered through - out as the citizens sing to welcome their new princess . Filmed in a glorious British version of technicolor , or some such equivalent , about the only big name here is Dirk Bogarde as British subject Tony Craig , cheese vendor . Bogarde made a big splash in the UK film industry after serving in the war , and was even knighted by QE II . Craig and " the new princess " keep bumping into each other , and their adventures become more intertwined as Lampidorra 's financial problems worsen ... Fun little farce .... along the lines of Marx Brothers film . Also note that Donlan later married Val Guest , the writer and director of our little project , and stayed married for 50 years ! Guest was better known for writing and directing his sci - fi flicks , in both the UK & the US .
1 Penny Princess finds American working girl Yolande Donlon the inheritor of a small kingdom that lies in that triangle where France , Italy , and Switzerland meet called Lampidorra . It seems as though the Lampidorrans owe bills all over Europe and the main occupation of the country is smuggling due to its geography . An American multi - millionaire buys the place , but dies before he can take title . His nearest heir is Donlan.<br /><br />But of course the estate has to go through probate in America and what are the Lampidorrans to do ? Especially since Donlan who has now become a princess has forbade smuggling.<br /><br />Enter Dirk Bogarde who is on a trip to Switzerland to learn about the cheese industry . It seems as though the Lampidorrans have a kind of cheese that they playfully refer to as Schmeeze . With a few bumps in the road , Schmeeze solves all the problems both financial , geopolitical , and romantic between Donlan and Bogarde.<br /><br />How does Schmeeze work , well that 's the gimmick to the whole film . But here 's a hint . In Lover Come Back Jack Kruschen might just have gotten a hold of the secret of Schmeeze when he was busy inventing VIP for Rock Hudson and his advertising agency.<br /><br />Anyway Penny Princess is a delightful blend of British farce and romantic comedy . Yolande Donlon once again plays a role that Marilyn Monroe would have been cast in if the film had been made this side of the pond . Dirk Bogarde was well cast in the part which was at the beginning of his career as a romantic heart throb , way before anyone but him suspected he had the acting chops he had.<br /><br />This film was sadly shown at three o'clock in the morning on TCM . But at least I found a reason to be grateful for insomnia .
1 This movie needs to be put on DVD . It was so funny and I loved it . Really , really cute and funny . Not realistic , but not suppose to be . The only thing I did not like about it was the girl relying on the guy too much . It represents the time period way of thinking though . I have been trying to get this movie for so long and it has been unavailable for US format only in the UK and will not play on US DVD players . It is sadly an over looked Classic film ! Believe it or not , but this film could easily become a cult favorite , for all ages . Too bad , we do not legalize certain things that could really save small countries or our own . Lindy is unsinkable , a positive character that makes lemonade out of lemons . She is funny and charming . She stole the show !
1 A really great movie and true story . Dan Jansen the Greatest skater ever . A touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy . The story of Jane Jansens battle with cancer and Dan Jansen love for his sister . Of a important promise made by Jansen to win a gold medal to prove his sister Jane was right to believe in his talent in speed skating was justified . This picture is well worth the time . I wish they would make more films of this quality . Thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story . It is a very touching story about a beautiful family support and faith for their children and a special dream for their youngest son and his sister .
1 I had read an article about Dan Jansen 's Olympic and personal journey before seeing this movie . I 'm always intrigued by a story of hope and overcoming life altering events , and this was no exception.<br /><br />The background of the characters that is provided gives you a sense of the family 's closeness and how they positively affected each others ' lives . I ca n't speak to the accuracy of specific details in this movie , it is customary to take some creative license when organizing a script . However , the spirit of Dan and his family is what matters here.<br /><br />Its a worthwhile movie of a story that should be told . I felt empathy for the characters and cheered at the end .
1 A Brother 's Promise is a wonderful family film . This is a biography of Dan Jansen , a champion Olympic speed skater . The movie depicts this athlete 's life from a young age through full adulthood . The love and support of the family members is evident throughout . How Dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is a life lesson for all of us . The commitment and determination of Dan 's coach and his teammates , shows what it takes to make a real team . How Dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted without undo sentiment or sugarcoating . The faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives . This is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age .
1 Beautiful story of Wisconsin native , Dan Jansen , and his real life , agonizing struggle to win the 1994 Olympic Gold Medal in Speed Skating , despite his overwhelming emotional loss with the death of his much loved Best Friend and Family Member ; his Sister , Jane.<br /><br />This story 's main focus is to sensitively portray the real life emotional turmoil of grief , that one feels in loosing a special Loved One , and the struggle to productively cope and rise above the great loss ! It is the incredible story of Dan Jansen 's heartbreak in loosing his beloved Sister to Leukemia , his struggle to cope with the intensity of his grief , while still maintaining his Dream to win at the Olympics , and his ultimate triumph in winning the Gold Medal in Speed Skating for America , and in honor of his Sister 's memory ; thereby fulfilling his childhood promise to Jane!<br /><br />After Dan Jansen 's remarkable Gold Medal performance in the Winter Olympic in Lillihamer , Norway , he established a Foundation in 1994 to help fight Leukemia , which claimed the life of his Sister , and to support youth sports programs , educational and scholarship awards . His Dan Jansen Foundation promotes the philosophy that : " as his Father always told him at a young age : ' there is more to life than skating around in circles ! ' Maintaining a proper perspective is key ! So , too , is setting goals , and realizing one 's Dreams through perseverence , overcoming adversity and never giving up!" < br /><br />Recommended for anyone who has ever suffered the great loss of someone very special , and dearly loved within your life ! And , for anyone who still believes in the Achievement of Dreams , and Never Giving Up !
1 Thomas Ince always had a knack for bringing simple homespun stories to life with fullness and flair . " The Italian " is such a film . Solid acting , particularly by George Beban , father of silent child actor George Beban , Jr. , and wonderful sets convey a realistic feeling of early immigrant tenements in New York . These give this 1915 film an authenticity which is unusual in features of this vintage.<br /><br />The film begins with the modern day and a man ( George Beban in modern clothes ) reading a story about an Italian immigrant , and then we transition into the story with George playing the immigrant . He raises enough money to bring his fiancée from Italy to America , marries her , and has a son with her . But times are hard and the family struggles to survive . I found myself wondering why the mother did n't breastfeed her child , and avoid the complications with the dirty formula , but oh well , even the early Dream Factory was pushing political correct behaviour for women in 1915!<br /><br />The best scene in the picture is when Beban has a chance to seek revenge on a crime boss who inadvertently put him in jail , and at the last minute he decides against his planned course of action . Very neat . I loved the curtain effect , it was great . Wonderful use of lighting in this film.<br /><br />I give " The Italian " an 8 out of 10 .
1 THE ITALIAN is an astonishingly accomplished film for its time . Stunningly shot , with lighting effects that are truly sublime , this is an early gem that clearly reveals REGINALD BARKER to be a pioneer director of equal standing to D.W. GRIFFITH and MAURICE TOURNEUR . How much control Thomas Ince exerted over the production is hard to know , but this film still has extraordinary power . The simple story of an Italian immigrant struggling to keep his family alive in New York , is very moving . The themes of social injustice , revenge and forgiveness are completely relevant today . The use of close - ups is outstanding and the powerhouse performance of GEORGE BEBAN is electrifying . What we need now is a really good print transferred to DVD so we can truly appreciate this early masterpiece of cinema .
1 ' The Italian ' is among the great or near - great films of 1915 that are available today . The year was a turning point for the feature - length film , especially in America : Lois Weber 's ' Hypocrites ' , Cecil B. DeMille 's ' The Cheat ' and , of course , D.W. Griffith 's ' The Birth of a Nation ' set new benchmarks for the art . Additionally , that year , Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best pictures , ' After Death ' and ' Daydreams ' . The French serial ' Les Vampires ' also has its admirers today , although I disagree with them . The emergence of the feature - length film was led by Europe , mainly Denmark , France and Italy , but dominance of this market and , to a degree , the art shifted to across the Atlantic in 1915.<br /><br />The most overriding artistic achievement of ' The Italian ' is its stunning and often innovative cinematography . There are some picturesque sunsets , mobile framing , including a brief overhead angled shot of the Italian racing to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him holding onto a moving car , and , in general , there is wise use of varied camera angles and expert lighting throughout . An especially amazing shot is a close - up of the Italian enraged as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close - up , in reference to D.W. Griffith 's ' Musketeers of Pig Alley ' ( 1912 ) . He 's so enraged his environment even begins to shake around his anger.<br /><br />Unfortunately , the cinematographer appears to be unknown . The director , although originally without credit in the film , is now known to have been Reginald Barker . Five or so of his other films made for Ince are also available today , but are rather unremarkable . ' Civilization ' ( 1916 ) , which he worked on , was a large production , but a deeply flawed movie . By the way , I 'd guess that one or more of the various cinematographers who worked on ' Civilization ' also photographed ' The Italian'.<br /><br />Moreover , the entire production is very advanced for then . Venice and New York are well rendered despite the film being shot in Los Angeles ( for romanticized Venice ) and San Francisco ( for the ethnic slums of New York ) . There are extensive flashbacks , although perhaps one or two too many . I especially like the clever framing of the narrative as being read in a book by a character played by the same actor , George Beban , who is also the lead in the inner , main narrative . The reading of the story is further briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and closing at the end of curtain drapes , à la the theatre , which is reflected within the inner story during the revenge climax in the child 's room , with the opening and closing of window curtains . Parallel editing , in - camera dissolves and irises and such are handled expertly . Additionally , Beban and Clara Williams , as his wife , play their parts well.<br /><br />On the other hand , ' The Italian ' does have a few drawbacks . The film 's early moments of comedy clash rather disharmoniously with the latter parts of harsh and heavy melodrama , although the environmental changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York works well—mostly because it 's supported by the lighting and photography . The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film , enhanced by the stark photography , must have been poignant to the immigrant classes who comprised a disproportionately large population of the movie - going public back then . The Corrigan character should have been foreshadowed more ; his brief introduction campaigning for another politician seems inadequate for his later centrality to the Italian 's revenge . In addition , the filmmakers were either medically naïf or careless to not explain the lack of breastfeeding of the infant and the unwarranted faith in the healing powers of quietness for the other child . Aside from the deficiencies in plot , ' The Italian ' is exceptionally well made .
1 Alright , I have to admit that I have never seen " Rhoda " and only one or two episodes of " The Mary Tyler Moore Show . " Even though I do n't know anything about this duo of comedic talent , I still liked this movie a lot.<br /><br />Mary goes back to work . Rose tries her luck at being a comedian . Rhoda struggles with a photography career . And Meredith ... what exactly does she do again ? These three stories that we follow over two hours are amusing and entertaining in their own way . When the two long time friends reunite , it only makes the film better . < br /><br />I was surprised about how good the writing was . The little jokes thrown in by Mary and Rhoda were funny . The script itself was very well put together.<br /><br />I had seen Moore and Harper in other movies over the past few years and thought that they were very good . But I had no idea that they worked this well as a team . While both actresses do their share to fulfill the title of this movie , they never seem to let me down . ( During the run of this movie . ) Joie Lenz and Marisa Ryan play their roles okay but nothing great . The rest of the cast like Jonah , Cecile and .... everybody else also works well together.<br /><br />Being that this is a reunion , you would expect for a fan of either show to enjoy this . From a non - fan I still enjoyed this little get - together . Good story lines for each character and the two main characters is what makes this film very good . ( The newer version of the MTM theme song does n't hurt either . )
1 I was able to watch this movie in its entirety and was deeply moved by it . I was n't sure if it was really a comedy or a drama - it had elements of both . Mary Tyler Moore and Valerie Harper both looked wonderful - our image of 60-year - old women has certainly changed since Aunt Bee ! They are vibrant , beautiful , sexy ! The only drawback in this movie was that there was absolutely no mention of other characters in either the " MTM " or " Rhoda " shows from the 1970 's . I 'd have thought that since it was set in New York City ( where " Rhoda " had been set ) that at least some mention would have been made of her sister Brenda or that Julie Kavner would have appeared , assuming of course she was still in the Big Apple.<br /><br />It is my hope that ABC will make this a series and bring back for guest appearances all the old casts of these shows . By the way , what was wrong with CBS doing this reunion , or an eventual series ? Was n't that the network that carried the " MTM " and " Rhoda " shows ?
1 Never viewed this 1971 film and was greatly entertained by this great production created by the Walt Disney Studios and great animation creations . Angela Lansbury , ( Eglantine Price ) played an outstanding role as a woman who had taken a course in witch craft and was an apprentice who was beginning to fly on a broomstick and had quite a few difficulties taking off . Eglantine discovered many tricks and was able to make a bed travel to different parts of the world . However , Eglantine missed her final exams to becoming an accomplished witch . Mr. Emerlius Browne , ( David Tomlinson ) was the person who sold Eglantine this course in witchcraft and he tries to help her in every way possible to find her solution . Eglantine has a purpose to her madness and that is to stop the Nazi 's from evading England . Great family entertainment and we need more films like this today .
1 Delightful Disney film with Angela Lansbury in fine form as a middle age spinster whose interest turns to witchcraft in World War 11 England.<br /><br />Lansbury was about age 51 at the time of the film and she is just ideal for the part . She is Jessica Fletcher again but this time it 's for the benefit or children and for mother England during a time of great peril.<br /><br />The film follows the adventures of Miss Price ( Lansbury ) and David Tomlinson as the professor of witchcraft in trying to obtain certain information on sorcery . Those 3 little darlings sent to live with Price to escape the London bombings are just wonderful in this enchanting film for all of us regardless of age.<br /><br />Too bad that Tessie O'Shea , Roddy McDowall and Sam Jaffe are given so little to do in this endearing film.<br /><br />I really thought of the Ben Stiller film-"Night at the Museum , " at the end of the film when the relics come to life to do battle with the Nazi invasion in the small British coastal town .
1 Angela Lansbury plays Eglantine a middle aged lady in war torn England , during the WWI . She has been studying witchcraft by mail , and has been secretly learning it in her home , she is doing well , until three children who have been separated from their parents from the last air raid , are sent to stay in Angela Lansbury 's huge house . She is not happy about having them , because of her secret . They only want to go back home . The oldest boy is very hard to get along with he is a brat . The other two a boy and a girl are just inquisitive about their new place to stay and the lady that is their hostess . The kids find out about her secret and that is when the fun begins . Fun and more of it . Family fun . Laughter , frolic , adventure , something for everyone . The special effects are quite good . This is a musical the tunes are every bit as catchy to sing later as any of the other Disney films . Add this to your Family Video Library . You will not be disappointed .
1 This movie is one of the best ever produced by disney.<br /><br />The plot is very original and entertaining . The animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors . ( For the time).<br /><br />Perhaps one of my favorite sequences is contained in this movie with the march of the suits of armor .
1 A great movie . Lansbury and Tomlinson are perfect , the songs are wonderful , the dances , with a particular mention for the " Portobello Ballet " are gorgeous . As for the animated section , the match between animals has become an instant classic ; the climax with the attack of the armatures is chilling and fascinating . I recommend to see the restored 134 minutes version or at least the 112 minutes video . Here in Italy we have only the 98 minutes version , although the film was presented in its original release at the running of 117 minutes . If possible , watch also the German videocassette : it was generated from the 98 minutes running but it 's missing of every refer to World War II and of all the scenes between English people and their Nazi invaders !
1 This is an old fashioned , wonderfully fun children 's movie with surely the most appealing novice witch ever . Unlike many modern stories which seem to revel in dark witchcraft , this is simply a magical tale of hocus pocus that is cute , light hearted , and charming.<br /><br />The tale is set back in 1940 in the English village of Peppering Eye , where three Cockney children , Charlie , Carrie , & Paul Rollins , are being evacuated out of danger from World War II city air raids . They are mistakingly sent to live with Eglantine Price , who is studying by correspondence course to become an apprentice witch . Eglantine and the trio of children use a magic bed knob in order to travel to London on their flying bed . Here they encounter Emilius Browne , the fraudulent headmaster of Miss Price 's witchcraft training correspondence school . Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life . Meanwhile , they must also deal with a shady character called the Bookman and his associate , Swinburne.<br /><br />Angela Lansbury is of course marvelously endearing as the eccentric witch in training , Miss Price . David Tomlinson plays Mr. Browne , headmaster of the defunct witchcraft school , who has now turned street magician . This actor was previously cast as the children 's father in the movie Mary Poppins . In fact , this film is a tale quite reminiscent of the earlier Mary Poppins , both wonderful fantasy stories for children . Perhaps this movie does n't have quite such memorable music as Chim - Chim - Cheree , but it does boast some appealing little tunes . Some have been critical , but the movie features excellent special effects . All in all , the story is enchanting family entertainment . It 's a pity if modern children are too sophisticated for this lovely & bewitching tale , which should appeal to the child in all of us .
1 What a great gem this is . It 's an unusual story that is fun to watch . Yes , it has singing , but it is very nicely crafted into the story and is very melodic to hear . It was so pleasant to watch ; I enjoyed it from start to finish ! < br /><br />The movie takes place in England during World War II . It is about an apprentice witch who is searching for a missing portion of a spell that she needs . She uses her rough " magic " to transport her and 3 children under her care to various destinations to find it . They are joined by her correspondence teacher , who is surprised to learn that the lessons from his school actually work ! < br /><br />Although the special effects may seem a little dated at first , once you get used to them they become part of the charm of this movie . In fact , the movie won an Oscar for these effects ! < br /><br />The movie is innocent and fun - and it 's hard not to like the tuneful songs . The characters are wonderfully interesting to watch . I think anyone at any age could find something to like about this movie .
1 i love bed knobs and broomsticks so much that it makes me cry a thousand tears of joy every time i have the magnificent pleasure of seeing it . i would also like to reiterate the simple fact that i love it so much.too much some have said . i have 27 copies on video and i love them all equally . i also love anyone else who loves it . i love you . my favourite scene is the dance scene at portobello road . i have learned the dance moves and practice it everyday . i have some audio recordings of myself singing the song . if anyone can play the drums or guitar i am thinking of forming a bed knobs and broomsticks band.i hope to call it ' the knobs ' . love me ( liz )
1 Bedknobs & Broomsticks is another one of Disney 's masterpieces . It was filmed with sequences of animation and the actors and actresses interacting with the animations . ( A similar concept was used in Mary Poppins when the children and Mary disappear into the sidewalk art . ) I am mainly rating this film through child 's eyes because I have not seen it in years . Back then , it was one of my favourite films . It was magical and mystical , and the last scenes ( the conflict beginning with the ghostly armour walking into battle ) were my favourites . There was also a lot of stop - animation used with the spells ( ie , people turning into rabbits ) , which may be a little dated and silly now . ( Also , I believe that the film starts off slowly . ) Through the eyes of a child , this is a fun film and it is easy for children to put themselves into the places of the children in the film . It is an imaginative film which is sadly largely - forgotten today .
1 Certain DVD 's possess me until I just have to go out and buy it . This was one of those movies . Like many on here , I remember seeing it as a child and loved it . I never knew there were scenes and musical numbers that were cut , so I was intrigued to see what they might be . I will agree that the " Portabellow Road " sequence is now a tad long ( as is the soccer game ) but other than that , I found no qualms with the remaining scenes that were put back in their respectful place . Perhaps Disney should have had the original version ( which IS the restored version ) on one side with the restored version on the flip side , then people could choose what they wanted to view . All in all , it 's still an entertaining movie that still manages to recapture some of my childhood memories .
1 Easily the greatest low budget horror film of all time . I first saw this movie when I was around nine years of age , and I have to say that it scared the hell out of me . Now that I 'm all growed up , however , I see this movie for what it really is ... a work of genius . Everyone , or at least everyone with any taste , has dreamed of seeing a snowman going around killing people , even if they wo n't admit it . I have always found something genuinely frightening about snowmen , so naturally , for a horror junkie such as myself , thismovie was a dream come true . Some people say that this movie is silly , or otherwise void of any intelligence ... it 's a movie about a serial killer snowman , what the hell did you expect ? Anyone who gave this film a low score is obviously too uptight to sit back and have a good laugh at stupid one - liners and cheap gore . I love this movie for what it is , a comedy , and until the movie industry wises up and makes a serious horror flick about a killer snowman ( which seems impossible , unfortunately ) I will forever hold this great piece of indie horror close to my heart .
1 I 'm glad that users ( as of this date ) who liked this movie are now coming forward . I do n't understand the people who did n't like this movie - it seems like they were expecting a serious ( ? ! ? ! ? ) treatment ! C'mon , how the hell can you take the premise of a killer snowman seriously ? The filmmakers knew this was a silly premise , and they did n't try to deny it . The straight - faced delivery of scenes actually makes it FUNNY ! Yes , there are times where the low budget shows ( such as that explosion scene ) , but I think an expensive look would have taken away from the fun of the movie ! So if you like B - movies , and the goofy premise appeals to you , then you 'll certainly like " Jack Frost " .
1 This is one of the funniest movies that I have seen this year . The people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted . It is a beautiful thing . There were a lot of quality one - liners . This movie blew Uncle Sam out of the water ( it was made by tha same people , i think )
1 Surprisingly good . The acting was fun , the screenplay was fun , the music was cheesie fun , the plot was stupendously fun . This was a fun movie to watch and to give your brain some rest . Parts of the plot and quotes I found to be very creative . 7 out of 10 . Actually for what it was , it would deserve a 10 out of 10 . You are not supposed to compare this to an arthouse film or to a bloody slasher film .
1 Note that I did not say that it is better ... just more enjoyable . The lack of social commentary and realism helps keep things moving.<br /><br />I was actually sort of surprised that this was not a Troma movie , as it has all the Troma trademarks , including spewing acidic liquids , wisecracks from the villain after every murder , a ridiculous bathtub rape scene ( which is sort of hard to get upset about , since the rapist is a snowman ) , and dumb deputies.<br /><br />There 's a lot to love : < br /><br />1 . A snowman , about whom it is remarked that he has no legs or feet , drives a police cruiser around town.<br /><br />2 . Even though it is supposed to be close to ( or below ) freezing , nobody 's breath shows and there are no signs of car exhaust when cars are running.<br /><br />3 . The snow reminds you more of flocking or Styrofoam peanuts than actual snow.<br /><br />4 . A teenage girl gets the hots for her boyfriend just a few hours after her brother is gruesomely murdered . She talks him into breaking into the sheriff 's house , of all places , in order to get it on . But first , she tells him that he has to build a nice fire in the fireplace and open some wine.<br /><br />5 . After teen - aged Jake 's head is cut off by a sled runner , his father argues with the sheriff about whether Tommy , the sheriff 's son , had anything to do with it . The sheriff maintains that Tommy would n't have been fighting with Jake because Jake " is at least two feet taller than Tommy . " At that moment , someone in the background chimes in , " Not anymore ! " < br /><br />6 . When the evil snowman finally starts to melt away , the sheriff wrestles with a flat snowman made out of some sort of fabric for an extended period . This is much better than Tarzan wrestling with rubber crocodiles or gladiators wrestling with stuffed lions . If I were an actor , I would not have been able to keep a straight face at this point.<br /><br />All in all , a fun film . There 's not really even that much blood .
1 Yes this a B- grade horror . But at least the producers , directors , and cast does not pretend this flick is manna from heaven . The plot is corny , a psychotic serial killer on his way to execution is splashed with genetic acid turning him into a snow man . The snowman a.k.a . Jack Frost then goes on a murdering rampage to find the small town sheriff that finally arrested him . With a limited budget the crew had to make do with limited special effects , most of the money appears to spent on the snowman 's costume . Particullary difficult shots are managed by cartoons or pan away shots ( shots where the camera moves away to disguise the details ) . < br /><br / > This is no kid 's movie and should not be confused with Disney movie of the same title . If you do not let your children watch pg-13 movies alone than parents should not let their kids watch this movie . This movie has two claims to fame . 1 . The beatiful Shannon Elizabeth ( American Pie)did her first major movie role . The scene where Jack Frost attacks Shannon Elizabeth is worth watching a few times . 2 . This movie has the worst snowman joke ever . The joke is so bad that the directors credit the joke teller in the credit list .
1 Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death . On the Way to his death sentence the prison truck that he rides in collides with a chemical tanker filled with a chemical that turns his molecules with the snow on the ground turning him into a snowman . Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman . Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him . Jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.<br /><br />I do n't think Jack Frost has a chance of becoming a horror classic but its a entertaining flick . Just put your brain on hold and have fun with it , but just do n't take it too seriously .
1 I saw Jack Frost for £ 4:00 at my local store and I thought it looks pretty good for a low budget movie so I bought it and I was right it was good . For starters this film is about a killer snowman so that 's something to laugh about and the way it looks was funny compared to the Snowman on the cover . < br /><br />The acting was okay and the lines Jack Frost said had me laughing " I only axed you for a smoke " and " Worlds most pi**ed off snow cone " how funny and camp is that ? The tale at the start was pretty funny and silly too " Jack be nimble , Jack be quick , Jack gouged eyes with candle sticks " . If you 're looking for a for a B - Movie Comedy horror that 's full of puns then check Jack Frost out . 10/10
1 Okay , here 's what I think about Jack Frost . I looked at the morphing box for the VHS tape and I thought to myself , this looks interesting . I rent it and I take it home . Boy was I right , it is interesting . They put serial killer 's spirits in dreams , in walking corpses and inside every day machines . But this has got to be the most unique place to put the spirit of a serial killer . Inside the body of a snowman . I liked all the friendly snowman images littering the landscape , the pot holder , the snow globe , etc . I like the actor who played Jack , he put some fun into a killer really not seen since FREDDY KRUGGER . That 's right , I said it . FREDDY KRUGGER . It 's that level of " cool " . I wish some of the puppet effects were better , the mouth movements could have matched better . But I chalk that up to a small budget . The cast does a great job , there are some great one liners and scares to make any hardcore horror fan jump . All and all , a great story , good effects , great dialog and a great cast . I give JACK FROST ... 9 STARS
1 This movie is goofy as hell ! I think it was written as a serious film , but then when it came time to film , Michael Cooney said " Hey , let 's throw in some humor and spice it up ! " The characters are actually slightly developed , too . Oh , and the death sequences are the best . One thing I hate , though , was the hairdryer - weapons . What was that all about ?
1 Before I comment about this movie , you should realize that when I saw this movie , I expected the typical crap , horror , B - movie and just wanted to have fun . Jack Frost is one that not only delivers but is actually one of the best that I 've seen in a long time . Scott McDonald is great as Jack Frost , in fact I think he has a future in being psychopaths in big time movies if ever given the chance . McDonald is a serial killer who becomes a snowman through some stupid accidental mix of ridiculous elements . As soon as that snowman starts moving around and killing people , though , you will find it hard not to laugh . The lines that are said are completely retarded but really funny . The fact that the rest of the cast completely over - acts just adds to stupidity of the film , but it 's stupidity is it 's genius . The scene where the snowman is with the teenage girl is truly classic in B - movie , horror film fashion . I truly hope there is a sequel and I 'll be right there to watch it on whatever cable channel does it . Of course it 's only fun to watch the first few times and it 's not exactly a good work of motion picture technology , but I just like to see snowmen kill people . I gave it a 7 out of 10 , this is a great movie for dates and couples in the late hours .
1 this film is absolutely hilarious . basically , the plot revolves around a serial killer being somehow turned into a snowman through some B - movie chemical accident . he then heads for town and starts terrorising the locals . its up to the local police chief and some other characters to try and stop him . its made on a wee budget and it certainly shows , but the great thing about this film is it knows that its rubbish . the improvisations of Styrofoam and polystyrene mimicking the giant killer snowman are classic , and this is clearly the intention - its one of the few films that has its budget as its main selling point . alongside the comic tackiness there are some other great comedy moments - listen out right in the beginning for the voice over of a dad scaring his kids to death , and the funniest rape scene ever committed to film . fantastic tacky fun
1 How can someone NOT like this movie ? ? ? This movie is so good , that the first week I saw it on the shelf at the video store it was stolen .... BEST Horror Movie Ever!!! .... I mean he took the Carrot and he ... well you know HAHAHA .. How is that NOT funny ? The only movie that comes close to touching this is Bride of Chucky and that was just great ! !
1 As far as horror flicks go , this one is pretty darn good . While it may not be a classic tale of horror and suspense , it does provide many quality chuckles that make this movie a must see if you 're into the horror / comedy genre .
1 okay , but just plain dumb . Not bad for a horror / comedy film . I was reading how people switched it with the Michael version and that is a good trick in my opinion because some grown ups hate horrors and when they see this one it will get them interested in horror films like this one or maybe ( never seen it ) the horror ( possibly comedy ) uncle Sam , i 'll have to see about renting or buying that film but the 2nd is way better then this one but i bought this one on VHS of Amazon and got it November 21 , the day before thanksgiving . worth the four bucks , l.o.l . at this film.<br /><br />9/10
1 Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie . I Mean .... Its Funny . Its Violent . and Very Enjoyable . Most People Say that it Is B Rated , But That Could n't be Farther from the truth . It has Great Special Effects and Good Acting . The Only Weird thing is of Course , The Killer Snowman . I Think this Movie was Actually one of The Best Films of the Late - Nineties . Most Films these Days lack the Criteria of A Clive Barker Master Piece . That is , Be Original and Give the Viewer What they Do not Expect . Jack Frost is Very Cool . 10 out of 10 . Grade : A+ . Ed Also Recommends The Movie Uncle Sam to Fans of Jack Frost .
1 All I can say about the Necromaniac / Schizophreniac 2 series is ... if you are even remotely " PC " or do n't have a seriously messed up sense of humor , then you probably wo nt get it . As sick and disgusting as this movie is , it really is a comedy and not a " horror " movie at all . If you can appreciate somebody who pushes the bounds of good taste and political correctness to the most extreme limits imaginable , to the point where is becomes so out of hand that it 's comical , then you must see this to believe it . This movie is so out of control that a major film studio could n't touch this with a 10 foot pole ( with a condom on the end ) . In my opinion though , the best , most extreme pieces of art come from way underground . If you do n't stick to the same old formula that people are used to seeing , then they reject it.<br /><br />I have seen stacks of terrible , boring , z - grade , Indy movies that were just a waste of a perfectly good VHS tape or DVD - R. I have also seen stacks of stink bombs coming from the big named studios that were a complete waste of millions of dollars . When a NO BUDGET film like these two from Ron Atkins / John Giancaspro come out and blow all of the other " shock " films completely out of the water , you really have to take a second look at the whole Indy movie scene . After seeing this , you can really see how much freedom an Indy film maker can have when they work on their own.<br /><br />The funny thing is , even the other people who saw this movie and " hated it " admit to the fact that they laughed all the way through it . I do n't think that is is possible for anybody to get bored watching either of these two . So if do n't take everything that you seen in the mainstream media too seriously , and are able to laugh at a misanthropic , puppet wielding psychopath who has finally snapped , YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS . You may just be able to see it for the stand alone , cult classic that it is . Both Schizophreniac / Schizophreniac 2 are among the favorites in my collection of well over 1000 dvds .
1 This film is like marmite . You either love it or you hate it . If you go into this film expecting a proper film with decent production values , a good plot and great characters you 'll hate it . If you go into this film expecting a low budget slasher you 'll probably hate it.<br /><br />If you go into this film expecting to see one of the most deranged characters ever put to film in the form of Harry Russo you will love it . John Giancaspro is absolutely brilliant in his over the top portrayal of the insane , murderous coke fiend.<br /><br />The special effects are abysmal at best but really , who cares ? If you 're the kind of person who 's prepared to watch a film Schizophreniac : The Whore Mangler you 've undoubtedly seen scores of horror films filled with gore . With the budget this film was made for even if they had tried it probably would 've mediocre at best . I 'd much rather be able to laugh at something abysmal than be unaffected by the mediocre.<br /><br />To sum it up , you 'll probably hate this film but if you 're one of the few who decide to see it anyway it 'll become the best thing since sliced bread # 2 I hate marmite .
1 Did you ever wonder how far one movie could go ? < br /><br />Schizophreniac relentlessly explores the world of the extreme with Harry Russo . < br /><br />Harry is an aggravated writer , killer and drug addict scumbag who will stop at nothing to destroy those who stand between him and insanity . Driven by the demonic voices of his ventriloquist dummy rubberneck , Harry begins his killing spree . < br /><br />From director Ron Atkins comes the 1st installment of the vilest story ever to be filmed < br /><br />The only other movie I have seen similar to this would happen to be the 2nd installment entitled Schizophreniac Necromaniac < br /><br />This is a really low budget film and will not be for everyone , but if you are looking for something disturbing , different and horrific then this would make a fine choice.<br /><br />DO NOT EXPECT ANYTHING LIKE MODERN DAY HORROR ( Such as Scream)<br /><br />Viewer discretion is advised
1 A really sweet movie that has some similarities to the 2001-hit " My Sassy Girl " but is able to enchant most of the time . The biggest applause should go to the two leads . Ha - Neul Kim is both sweet and quirky , Sang - woo Kwon is both attractive and rebellious . The chemistry between the two is very good.<br /><br />Director Kyeong - hyeong Kim uses some CG - inserts to pepper up the visuals and also offers impressive fight scenes in which Sang - woo Kwon can shine . I liked him a lot better here than in the highly overrated " Volcano High " . And that boy has a future - those looks , those fight techniques , and a romantic lead . Not bad.<br /><br />Well , I can make it short : Nice film . My rating : 7/10
1 After having seen " Marrying Mafia " , I 'd nearly lost my faith in Korean movie business . But this one brought my faith back.<br /><br />Leading female character who is university student forced to teach the spoiled , rich but charistmatic high school student guy . He is actually female character 's age . Through some hilarious quarrells , these two end up being great friends.<br /><br />I was pleasantly surprised that newcomer kwan sang woo did his job with excellency . He was such a revelation ! ! Actress Kim ha nul was also charming as usual.<br /><br />This movie tried hard to avoid any cliches that can be seen in typical romantic comedies . And it did n't show us any unnecessary nude , sex scenes . It was brilliant , lovely , fresh , made me want to see it again.<br /><br / >
1 It is first and foremost a chick flick , it is a romantic comedy . There is a fair balance between the two . This particular movie has the addition of some pretty sweet fight scenes , I do n't think any wires were used or if they were they were n't flat out blatant . It is n't a terribly complicated movie so it easy on the brain , no need to analyze anything to get the deeper meaning , pretty simple , good chemistry between the leads , and a fun watch . I 'd like it if they made brought out the full potential of the girls looks just once cause she can be amazingly cute , but throughout the movie they keep it low key kind of pretty . I 'd watch it again ... with a girl .
1 I first came across ' My Tutor Friend ' accidentally one or two years ago while TV surfing . Prior to that , I 'd never watched any Korean films before in my whole life , so MTF was really the first Korean film I 've ever watched . And- what a delightful surprise ! I was thoroughly amused from the beginning to end , and had a great time laughing . Its comic style is quite different from those of the Hong Kong comic films ( which I 've been to used to all my life and hence tired of as well ) , breathing fresh air into my humdrum film viewing experience . I thought there 're quite a few scenes and tricks in MTF that are pretty hilarious , witty , and original too.<br /><br />I watched MTF the second time a few days ago , and having watched it once already , the surprise / comic effect on me kind of mitigated . That has , however , by no means affected negatively my opinion of the film . Instead , something else came through this time- it moved me- the story about how two young , seemingly ' enemies ' who 're utterly incompatible get thrown together , and how they gradually resolve their differences and start caring for each other without realizing the feelings themselves , reminds me of the long gone high school days . To me , Su Wan and Ji Hoon ARE actually compatible as they both have something that is pure and genuine inside them , a quality that separates them from people like say , Ji Hoon 's sassy girlfriend.<br /><br />The film is divided into two distinct parts- the 1st part deals with the ' fight ' between Su Wan and Ji Hoon , and is more violent and faster in pace . After Ji Hoon gets a pass in his final examination and Su Wan dances the ( in Ji Hoon 's opinion ) provocative dance , things start to change . The pace slows down and ... Ji Hoon suddenly realizes he cares for Su Wan more than he could ever imagine . So the 2nd part deals with the development of their mutual feelings , leading of course to a happy ending accompanied by a final showdown with the gang boss.<br /><br />Just one last comment . I find this to be a bit unbelievable- the fact that a 21-year - old self - proclaimed ' bad boy ' would feel embarrassed being almost naked in front of the girl he bullies and loses his ' cool ' is just a little ... odd . I guess that shows that Ji Hoon is just a boy pure at heart and is n't really what his appearance seems . Btw , Kwong San Woo ( Ji Hoon ) DOES have a sexy body and perfect figure ! ;-) < br /><br />MTF is definitely on my list of top 10 favorite films of all time .
1 Like " My Sassy Girl " , this movie is based on a true story posted from the internet , but that 's where the similarities end . The story is generally about this rebellious guy named Ji - Hoon ( Kwon Sang Woo ) who is still trying to finish high school , whose parents hire a tutor named Su - Wan ( Kim Ha Neul ) , a woman who comes from a poor background , but happens to be the same age as him . Add to that some obstacles , martial arts ( thugs are always after Ji - Hoon for revenge ) , a scorned , thuggish love - sick girl who is after him , his proclivity for ditching the lessons , and you generally can guess the whole story . Did I mention it 's a romantic comedy ? This movie has some good fight scenes , great visual humor and a lot of spunk , thanks to the good chemistry between Kim Ha Nuel and Kwon Sang Woo , that bring a lot of energy to the story . The romantic elements also work because of that reason . And , I must say , I 'd want a girlfriend more like Kim Ha Nuel than that girl from " My Sassy Girl " ( personality - wise , at least ) . She has some spunk , but it 's more on the cute , sweet , good - hearted way . Characters are already mostly likable ( so one might say it had less of a hill to climb than " My Sassy Girl "-- an obstacle that worked for that movie to its credit ) , and the movie is quite clever and interesting most of the way . The story kind of sags , though , about 2/3 of the way ( where it sort of treads on familiar , standard fare , where nothing really interesting happens ) , but near the end , it picks up a bit again . Overall , a fun , cute movie . 8/10
1 My Tutor Friend is a well scripted romance comedy movie that has something similar to My Sassy Girl .. there 's no kissing / sex scenes . Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions . Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.<br /><br />The movie is of light hearted tone with occasional cartoon CG scenes blended into the movie . I like the part when Ji - Hoon almost kissed Su - Wan . The funniest moment is when Ji - Hoon punched Su - Wan 's first love because he dumped Su - Wan for another girl and he is going to be a father soon . How he became a father was revealed in the next scene , which brings smiles to the audience.<br /><br />Mao points : 8/10
1 I enjoyed this film very much . Many Korean people will feel familiar with this film because many of them have tutors when they go to school . Cinematography was average . The movie would have been better if the angel or the movement of the camera was more irregular . Editing , however , was very neat and unusual.<br /><br />The acting was also very good . Kim Ha Neul usually played an innocent , weak girl in the Korean soap - opaeras . But this time , she plays a cute tomboy very well . Kwon Sang Woo also plays his role very believable.<br /><br />What I like the most about this film is , the emotion of the characters are not too exaggerated . There are many Korean romance films that the characters cry river before the audience and I always thought it was very stale . There was no such crap in this movie.<br /><br />Very funny and well - done .
1 After , I watched the films ... I thought , " Why the heck was this film such a high success in the Korean Box Office ? " Even thought the movie had a clever / unusal scenario , the acting was n't that good and the characters were n't very interesting . For a Korean movie ... I liked the fighting scenes . If you want to watch a film without thinking , this is the film for you . But I got to admit ... the film was kind of childish ... 6/10
1 When it comes to the erotic genre , I 'm lucky to get through the first 20 minutes of the plot without getting up or looking for something else to watch . This movie is different . Julie Davis ( I love You Do n't Touch Me ) directed two very strong lead actors Kira Reed and Doug Jeffery in this enthralling thriller . Kira is convincing as " Kim " a sweet innocent romance novelist that gets caught in the web of seduction of Doug Jeffery 's " The Man " a handsome stranger . Kira loses control of her inhibitions in the role , and as actress , giving what could have been simply another T and A depth and believability . I believe it to be her best performance yet . And Julie Davis ' direction is a great gift to erotica .
1 All Kira Reed fans MUST see this . The film 's premise has struggling romance novelist Kira unable to come up with any new ideas . She 's also getting over a divorce . However , she meets this guy at a restaurant and he helps her out of her shell ( and clothing ) . They go into a corner room and they do it . Thankfully , Kira gets a condom out ( Now do n't ever tell me these Playboy films are worthless piles of soft - core fluff . Remember kids , safe sex ) . Later , she marvels to her publishist how great it was , but she did n't get his name . Despite this , the guy finds her and they continue their kinky games . But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more . When she does , all hell breaks loose , and I 'll leave it at that . This is easily the best of these soft - core Playboys films I 've seen . Check this out , and marvel at the greatness of Kira .
1 I must admit , out of the EROS MOVIE COLLECTION , this has to be the one that I love the most as well as one other that I have also reviewed . The story is something that really keeps you watching . A lot of the EROS films have a plot that looks like a hammer broke it in pieces before production when you watch it . All centering around sex , and who can get with how many different people come the end of the film . And oh dear god , never watch one of these films when someone pulls out a gun . It does not work that it is almost laughable , but you do not want to waste the energy to do so.<br /><br />"Losing Control " is exactly as its name comes on . The protagonist , the leading character ( the wonderfully talented and beautiful Kira Reed ) . The control is the control a person has over their senses , their body and feelings . And one man changes everything for her , makes her a different woman almost . But the mirror is shattered at the same time . This makes for a great film that I wish I had come up with first!!<br /><br />10/10
1 I saw the movie recently during the Boston Film festival . The movie was very entertaining and is something that I believe the world , and black America is ready to see . It has comedy , drama , the soundtrack is great . It is an all around good film . The characters were well developed , and the movie had a wide variety of prominent actors , such as Wood Harris(Remember the Titains , Paid in Full ) , Brian J. White ( Trois 3 , Mr 3000 ) , and the wonderful Zoe Saldana(Drumline , Pirates of the Caribbean ) . The movie tackles many relevant topics in todays society in a short period of time , and does so with class and grace . This is not only a story about life in the hospital , however it is a story about people and their personal journey to discovering who they are , or who they are going to be .
1 I had to give this film a 10 simply because it did what so many films thrown at black audiences have FAILED MISERABLY to do . This film was void of all the video whore clichés , and it also skipped the gangsters , rappers , and foul language . It examined several relationships among physicians , African Americans , and African American male / female romantic relationships on a completely new and refreshing level . I was highly impressed with the films careful mix of light headed humor with some pretty tough and heavy issues . The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time . I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well . It premiered at AMC Loews Boston and I truly hope this film makes it to much larger audiences . Black People ( and EVERYONE else ) would LOVE a movie like this- if only the industry was SMART enough to put them out there!<br /><br />As an extra- if your a doctor , a resident , a medical student , a premedical student , married to a doctor , have a doctor sibling , have a doctor in the family , or know a great doctor period- they would love this film as well . It portrayed residency and the practice in a true - to - life way that was greatly appreciated by the doctors , residents , and medical students who viewed the film . Dennis Cooper completely his residency in internal medicine- so he definitely applied his knowledge / experience to the film and that is greatly apparent .
1 So I do n't ruin it for you , I 'll be very brief . There 's some great acting and funny lines from the attractive cast . A young graduate of Harvard Med School ( Brian White ) finds out he does n't know as much as he thinks about people . He goes to a small hospital in Florida for his internship because a girlfriend ( Mya ) left him for a job as a TV Producer . His Senior Resident ( Wood Harris ) , helped marvelously by his ' creative collaborator'(Zoe Saldana ) bring him up to speed . They help protect his career and show him the wider possibilities that come from being a compassionate doctor instead of a player who just wants to make money ( as seems to be true for many of my pre - med friends ) .
1 This is a really funny ( and sexy ) movie - that is not just silly but has great acting . It 's the kind of movie where the characters are so entertaining that you feel like you are connected to everyone in the theater . I saw it at the Boston film festival , and I found myself frequently laughing out loud with everyone else , and also moved by some of the movie 's more serious parts . It 's a unique movie about two doctors , and I do n't want to give anything away but there are some powerful scenes as well really funny ones - plus the dialogue is great . Wood Harris ' character has a unique relationship with his girlfriend Zoe Saldana , and Brian White and Mya are also funny and sexy in their roles . If you get a chance to see it - go - you wo n't be disappointed . It 's worth seeing again . Wood Harris deserves an award .
1 I still have grainy , late night , no - cable , cheap VHS dubs of this show from waaaaaayyyy back when , late - night - commercials and all , when I would stay up to whatever weird hour they would slap this show on -- just so I could tape it.<br /><br />The series was n't really ABOUT Freddy Kreuger - only the first couple of episodes actually involved him as anything but a Rod Serling - esquire announcer . Instead , each episode was a distinct nightmare , using the traditional horror themes of horrific childhood , dating , cannibalism , dating , money , death , dating , and ... hmm ... dating.<br /><br />From the episode where a teenage boy accidentally says " I will love you forever " to the wrong girl , and is stuck with her ( literally , at least for a moment , they grow together ... ) , to the one where a young stewardess goes home with a strange man , only to find herself in his cabin , where he has a trophy room full of other stewardesses , and one I only vaguely remember which compared blind dates to hockey ( and the injuries and penalties that go with it ) - dating was definitely the scariest thing in the series.<br /><br />One episode had Jeffrey Combs ( Re - Animator , etc . ) as a motivated pizza merchant with a tasty new secret ingredient . Not original , but still creepy and fun .... <br /><br />Even so , some of the episodes were great . My personal favorite was " It 's a Miserable Life " where a young man is trapped working in his parents ' burger joint , when he wants to go off to college . Stuck talking to himself and doing little puppet shows with old cheeseburgers - until one late night when a weird guy comes through the drive through and suddenly his life is not the same . No , not Freddy , just a thug with a gun - turns out the whole mind - blowing episode is just that - the last thoughts that pass through the kid 's head ... along with a bullet.<br /><br />The second half of the same episode ( many of the Freddie 's Nightmares episodes were essentially two vaguely connected short stories ) followed his girlfriend , who was also wounded , but not killed in the drive - by , and who is taken to " the hospital from heck " - they cram in all the most creepy hospital nightmare clichés , and then some - from accidentally having your mouth sewn shut - or waking up during an operation - to having your dead boyfriend try and lure you into the morgue for a little cuddle.<br /><br />Again , that was my favorite.<br /><br />Some of the episodes were much dumber , like ALMOST ALL OF THE ONES THEY'VE MADE AVAILABLE ON VIDEO . They put the crummy ones out as representative of the series , and then nobody likes them , thinks the show stunk , and then they do n't put any more on video . It 's a Miserable Life is only available on PAL DVD in England - but I 'm still gon na buy it .
1 This is one horror movie based TV show that gets it right . Friday the 13th the series had no connection to the movies . Poltergeist the legacy : I 'm not so sure . It may have been loosely connected to the movies . It feels like they just throw a famous title on a show so fans will watch it.<br /><br />It shows Freddy being burned by the Elm street parents(in the 1st episode I believe ) and the amount of parents were disappointing . With all the kids he targeted in the 1st 3 movies , you 'd expect there to be more parents . But oh well.<br /><br />Freddy is basically the narrator for the show . He watches the actions of people in the real world sometimes getting involved somehow . Just like other anthology shows like Tales from the crypt , there 's a supernatural or surprise ending twist involved.<br /><br />The acting lacks but believe it or not : the violence sometimes surpasses that of the movie . This show lasted a couple of seasons and was made around the time of the 4th movie . i heard it was canceled due to protesting parents . I watched a lot of R rated stuff as a kid , so its a shame parents had to ruin it for everyone . 4 more movies came after the series , so it was n't a total loss .
1 I do n't see how you can say that Freddy 's Nightmares is cheesy and a rip - off . You obviously do n't know good TV when you see it . The episodes are packed with drama and blood . Freddy is creative in the way he kills people . I love Freddy 's Nightmares and I hope to get all 44 episodes on DVD . The best episodes are : Saturday Night Special , School Daze , and Love Stinks . If you think this series sucked then you 're entitled to your opinion but remember it 's only your opinion and it means nothing . Freddy 's Nightmares will always be one of the best series ever and you 'll come to accept that fact soon enough . If you do n't like it then do n't watch it but do n't deny it 's brilliance .
1 i know technically this is n't the greatest TV show ever , i mean it was shot on video and its limitations show in both the audio and visual aspect of it.the acting can at time be also a little crumby.but,i love this show so much.it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.of course it would i was 5 years old.but i recently purchased the DVD of the first 3 episodes , which unfortunately i hear is now deleted.and i also heard warner 's are n't going to release any more due to the first DVD 's bad sales.also the TV show did n't have the same feel as the movies , in fact i thought it had a more sinister tone.even though the colour palette is similar to nightmare on elm street 4(both that film and the TV show were made the same year),this has more of a serious tone whereas the fims were progressively getting more and more sardonic and jokey.not a bad thing , i like freddy as the clown wise cracker.but i think that was the strenght of this TV show , you did n't have freddy popping up every minutes cracking a joke before and after he kills somebody.in fact this has more of a dream feel to it , reinforced by the soft focus of the lense.im not sure if its deliberate on the part of the shows creators or just to the limitations of being shot on video . i love this show , and taken not as a companion piece to the movies can be very enjoyable.much better than anything on TV today .
1 I 'm a bit conflicted over this . The show is on one hand awful , the acting is terrible ( even when we get actual name actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in one episode ) , the dialogue is moronic and the premise / moral of each episode feels like something lifted out of a 50s educational short . There 's no way you 'll be scared for a moment from any of these episodes , and Robert Englund 's cameos are short , pointless and corny in a sort of a Bob Saget on America 's Funniest Home Videos kind of way.<br /><br />On the other hand this is one of the funniest things to ever be on television . The 80s fashions , the soft focus makes the actors look like their on the set of The View at all times , the premises lend the material more to self - parody than scares , so we 're left with an episode where a high school kid is afraid if he fails his SAT 's his girlfriend will dump him and his parents disown him , another is afraid she 'll be locked up in prison because she 's a substandard mom ( her husband is played by Brad Pit ) , another is afraid that all the parents in the world are in league against him when he runs away from home , another is afraid she 'll be confused with her socially - retarded twin , another is afraid if he does n't break up his mom and step - dad he 'll get killed for having a party at his house . The list goes on and on.<br /><br />Being that these are dreams I suppose you could look past the ludicrous plot points and devices , but they 're so out of left field that there 's no opportunities for the writers to actually scare the audience . You have characters dressed like something out of a 80s - themed nightmare wandering around delivering bad dialogue in very hammy fashion and making illogical decisions that serve no other purpose but to move the story to the next weird plot point ( typically watching as a peripheral character does something uncharacteristic of a sane person while our main character stares aghast and too shocked to do anything about it).<br /><br />If you 're looking for something that 'll scare you stay away . If you 're looking , on the other hand , for one of the funniest things to come out of the 80s ever . Watch it.<br /><br />Its been showing on Chiller TV lately ( pretty much every day ) and I 've been watching , earlier out of morbid curiosity , and now just so I can get a good laugh in each day . With Arrested Development and Extras off the air this is officially the funniest thing on television right now .
1 These two stars are the only iconic heroes / villains i know that got a good TV series , so let 's compare.<br /><br />Freddy - 7 movies Robocop - 3 movies < br /><br />Freddy - 1 TV series , 2 seasons , about 40 episodes Robocop - 1 TV series , 1 season , about 22 - 23 episodes < br /><br />Freddy - 2 extra films ( Freddy Vs Jason , Freddy Vs Ghostbusters ) Robocop - 4 extra films ( Robocop : Prime Directives : Dark Justice , Meltdown , Crach & Burn , Resurrection)<br /><br />Freddy - 1 upcoming film Robocop - 1 upcoming film < br /><br />Who 's had more screen time ? Well they 've both had 7 movies , 1 TV series , and 1 upcoming film . But Freddy wins it thanks to his 2 extra films ( one being a fan film ) & 17 - 18 TV episodes.<br /><br />Since this is a comment for the series , between Freddy 's Nightmares - ANOES : The Series & Robocop : The Series I would personally choose Robocop ...
1 I just saw this movie at a sneak preview and all I can say is ... "What did I just watch ? ? ? ? " And I mean that in a good and bad way.<br /><br />The plot is really simple . Stiller and Black play friends / neighbors . Stiller is the focused , hardworker while Black is a dreamer . Black invents this idea to create a spray that erases poo . The idea becomes very popular , and Black becomes very rich . The extravagant lifestyle that Black gains and the fact that he still tries to be best friends with Stiller causes Stiller to become crazy with envy.<br /><br />As I said , the plot is simple . Everything else is plain odd . The direction is odd , with a weird rotating opening shot to out - of - nowhere sped up sequences . The dialouge and the acting is very odd ; odd in a rambling sort of way . And the sound track is the oddest thing in the movie , from the weird " Envy " song that keeps on reappearing to the scene where you think you 're going to hear a classic 80 's song but suddenly it 's in Japanese.<br /><br />So , the true question is this ... is odd funny ? That depends purely on the individual . I was cracking up at the shear unwavering weirdness of the movie . After the screening I heard people call it horribly unfunny and glad that it was free . Strangely , I understood their point . There are no jokes whatsoever , so if you are n't hooked by the uniqueness of it all , you will hate this movie . Absolutely hate it.<br /><br />This movie is destined to lose a lot of money at the box office and become a DVD cult classic . If you can laugh at a movie with no real jokes , like Cable Guy or Punch Drunk Love , then I suggest you see it . If you do n't , run away from this movie . It 'll only make you mad .
1 Cult classics are nearly impossible to predict . Who could guess that Vision Quest , Fight Club , and 2001 : A Space Oddysey , movies that were panned by critics and audiences alike upon their release , would become immensely popular ? Like many IMDBers , I consider myself a movie expert . Unlike the majority of those who hated Envy(evidenced by a dismal 4.4 rating ) , I found Envy to be one of the funniest movies in the last decade.<br /><br />The plot of the movie is ridiculous . The dialogue is n't clever , the scenes have little continuity , and the script seems like it was written by a fourth grader . But that 's exactly why the movie is so hilarious . You see , in order to appreciate the accidental genius of Envy , you have to enjoy the movie from an ironically - detached point of view.<br /><br />Why do I love Envy ? Because the movie is bad to the point that it becomes good . This is the recipe for a cult classic , and Envy definitely fits the bill .
1 Like Ishtar and King of Comedy , other great , misunderstood comedies , Envy has great performances by two actors playing essentially , losers ( may be too harsh a word , I will call them suburban under - achievers).<br /><br />This film was a dark comedy gem , and I 'm not sure what people expect . I relish seeing a major studio comedy that is n't filled with obvious humor , and I believe that the small moments in this movie make it worthwhile . The look on Stiller 's face when he sees the dog doo disappear for the first time captures a moment , a moment that most people should be able to recognize in themselves . Yes , it was a fairly simple story , but it examined the root of envy in a really interesting way . There were a lot of great scenes ( the J - Man 's decrepit " cabin by the lake " , Corky 's unceremonious burial , Weitz 's wife role , and Walken 's J - Man -- all great stuff.<br /><br />I ca n't stand people that get on IMDb and mercilessly trash films when they have absolutely no idea what it takes to make one . I will take Envy over almost any of the top ten grossing comedies of the year ( save Napoleon Dynamite . ) It 's wittier , wackier , and an offbeat , enjoyable gem.<br /><br />Remember this people ; Most times , Popular does n't equal Good .
1 envy is not as funny as i thought it would initially be , but after some of the reviews i read i found it to be much funnier than people was giving it props for , now true its not a gag a minute movie like zoolander or dodgeball , but ben stiller and jack black work well with each other and christopher walken is as great as ever , so the story is about jack black 's character inventing a spray that makes dog pooh disappear , obviosly ben wants no part of it , but when the product makes jack black rich ben stiller starts to see the envy , its not great by all means and both ben stiller and jack black have funnier and better movies under their belt , but if your a fan of either i recommend this as its still a funny flick and i laughed my ass off quite a few times , as a big fan of ben stiller i d have to say this is a lesser stiller but still great fun , give it a watch
1 OK , I overrated it just a bit to offset at least one of those grumpy reviews . But I did enjoy it . I did n't laugh out loud , but it held my interest and pulled me along without dropping me at any point . The story built . Yeah , you knew it would have an happy ending -- this genre always does . Meantime , it was quirky with sight gags you could miss , so pay attention when you watch . Stiller and Black delivered expertly yet again . Good team . They should work together more . Do n't know that it will be a cult classic , but it was certainly a fun ride . Not as good as WHAT ABOUT BOB , or DIRTY ROTTEN SCOUNDRELS but what is ? It is still worth going out of your way a little to get and watch this movie .
1 Was the script more fitting for a 30 minute sitcom ? Yes , but they still make it work ! I thought the actors did a fantastic job with an otherwise bland script , especially Jack Black and Christopher Walken . Most people on the board seem to really hate this film . I personally ca n't see how that could be , but Envy is just one of those film that you either love it or hate it . Much like Napoleon Dynamite and every Leslie Neilsen movie ever made . You either think it 's one of the worst movies ever made or one of the funniest . Do n't avoid this movie because of the reviews . Watch it and see if you 're one of the ones who really like it ! If you do , I guarantee it 's worth your money . If you do n't like it ... well , now you know .
1 I saw this movie in the first couple of weeks it was out , ( I do n't remember exactly when . ) I thought that it was alright , for a Ben Stiller movie . This movie is n't for a person without a good sense of humor . Like most of Ben Stiller 's jokes you have to think about them . Or like I said you have a good sense of humor . From a couple of people on this website I saw that people did n't have anything good to say about it and It did n't get a very good rating , But I would have given it a larger one This movie , I thought , was very good and it should have gotten a better rating . Maybe this is n't a movie for you . I 'm just giving you another person 's opinion .
1 I saw this movie about a year ago , and found it to be completely Laugh - Out - Loud funny . A real winner , in my mind . It had the underlining of a stupid comedy , but indeed had an actual plot as well . Much like the hit comedy , Elf , in fact . It had a few serious moments , sandwiched between hilarity . When Stiller shot Black 's horse , an ordinarily sober moment , you found yourself laughing at his bumbling antics . You can actually find common ground there , as I 'm sure many people have done something they would n't want a friend to find out about , lest your friendship should end.<br /><br />When I found out how much people disliked this movie , I was completely dumbfounded . That absolutely terrible movies like Napoleon Dynamite had ratings higher than it makes me wonder about the sanity of people on IMDb . Take my advice and rent it . If you do n't find yourself laughing at least once , I 'll compensate you the rental fee . =D
1 The critics are dumb . This movie is funny and smart . I loved this movie a lot . Why does everyone hate this movie so much . I wish people would love this movie more than they do n't . Ben Stiller and Jack Black are true comedians and they put through a lot of work to make this movie . I do n't see you people out there making movies like them . So people should just watch it and not comment it . I like this movie . It is OK through it all . There are parts were it get 's dumb but at least they made it . Jerry Stiller would love this because this movie has the acting just like the show King Of Queens . But this is better than that . I ca n't believe this was rated so low .
1 I was pleased with the cast of reputable players . The story is one of standing up for a cause , even if you are at personal risk in doing so . In a time where violence and pain are often in the movie forefront , this movie focuses on the old fashioned good cop . Although similar plots have been done repeatedly , these guys pull it off well . Kick back and enjoy . Dennehy is a master of taking over a movie .
1 Brian Dennehy , Bill Paxton , Joe Pantalino and , best of all , Jeff Fahey , all in one film . Wow is all I can think to say about that . These are four of the most underrated actors in the biz and they work beautifully together . It 's like poetry the way they play off each other and ooze the natural ability to seem as though they had been best buddies for eons for even shooting the film.<br /><br />The film itself is fine and one that can be quite intense to view the first time , and the four stars help the re - watch - ability to a great extent . I can not describe how good it was to see Bill Paxton and Jeff Fahey together on screen , the greatest moment being when they watch a couple from a distance and fill in the vocals themselves , it almost brought a tear to my eyes.<br /><br />A good film , a great cast , go see . Why ? Four words , Fahey , Dennehy , Paxton , Pantalino .
1 I 've always enjoyed Kenneth Branagh 's versions of the Shakespeare classics , as he always does a very good job , but in this movie , the one who lifts the whole movie , is none other than " the - always - great - actor " Laurence Fishburne . Surely he has made some poor choices in films , even though he 's a wonderful actor , but in this one we 're truly given the real Othello : the passion , the intensity of jealousy as it grows stronger alongside with Fishburne 's well portrayed paranoia and , furthermore , we 're finally given a black Othello!<br /><br />I do n't think they could have chosen a better Othello . Who else could have given him that blend of sympathy / antipathy , love / hatred and , not to forget , those fiery eyes ... ? Branagh is good as always , but not at his peak , Iréne Jacob 's Desdemona is fairly good but a bit bleak , whilst Laurence Fishburne truly lifts it and makes it a very interesting and enjoyable movie . Do watch it .
1 You do not get more dark or tragic than " Othello " and this movie captures the play fairly well , with outstanding performances by Lawrence Fishburne and Irene Jacob . Fishburne 's expresses to the viewer Othello 's torment as he falls prey to Iago 's lies very convincingly , even providing a realistic epileptic episode . Jacob is the loving and loyal wife who becomes either the instrument of Iago 's revenge against Othello , or the object of his wrath ( it is not clear which since no motive for Iago 's behavior is offered ) . Although Kenneth Brannagh ( sp ? ) displays his usual talent for Shakespeare in this movie , he is somewhat marginalized . The characters of Cassio and Emilia also wander in and out of scenes even though they , like Iago , seem more crucial to the plot . I have not checked the movie against the play to see how many lines were cut out , but I know that Shakespeare tends to develop his characters , even the seemingly unimportant ones , very well.<br /><br />If I had any criticism of the movie it would be that the story unfolds too quickly , and that the relationships between some of the characters are not laid out more . The director had a great cast , and no one offered a bad performance . The relationship between Cassio and Othello and that between Emilia and Desdemona need to be further developed earlier in the film . I have a feeling that they were closer to each other than the movie suggests , although you get a sense of this very late into the movie . Also , Othello and Desdemona need more time together . Although their anguish is convincing , the amount of interaction they have with each other makes it seem like they just met . On the other hand , maybe the did just meet --- like Romeo and Juliet.<br /><br />In brief : good performances , too short.<br /><br / >
1 Othello , the classic Shakespearen story of love , betrayal , lies , and tragedy . I remember studying this story in high school , actually I found Othello to be probably my favorite Shakespeare story due to the fact of how fascinating it was , the fact that Shakespeare captured the feeling of friendship , love , and racism perfectly . I mean , when you really do study this story , you could go into so many philosophies on why Othello went insane with jealousy in the blink of an eye . But later on for my report I also watched this version of Othello and I have to say that it was absolutely brilliant . Lawerance and Kenneth just capture the story so well and understood it 's darkness.<br /><br />Othello is the big time soldier in his city , he is loved by everyone , including the king . But when the king finds out that Othello snuck off with his daughter , Desdemona , the king is infuriated , but excepts it . Othello is welcome in the city and makes his best friend , Cassio , his side man instead of Iago , who has stood by Othello . Due to his insane jealousy , he 's out for revenge . Still pretending to be Othello 's best friend , he just mearly hints at Othello that Desdemona is cheating on him with Cassio , never says that they are , just makes Othello think that it 's happening . Othello is driven insane and does n't have pleasant plans for Desdemona or Cassio and Iago is more than happy to help him out.<br /><br />Othello is an incredible story , I highly recommend that you read it . It 's an incredible story that keeps you thinking after you 've read it . Othello the movie is also great and once again I recommend it , it captured the story perfectly and has a big tearjerker type of feel , or you could just be in utter shock of what happens between Othello and Desdemona , how quickly he believes that his true love would betray him . This is a terrific movie , great acting , good sets , and good direction , this is what Shakespeare meant when he wrote the story.<br /><br />10/10
1 shakespeare 's plays have a way of transcending time . The language somehow breaks the time barrier . but perhaps it is the actors who really do that.<br /><br />after the disappointment in Romeo and Juliet ( the version with Claire Danes and Leonardo DiCaprio ) , was hesitant take on another modern rendition of Shakespeare . To my surprise Othello was great!<br /><br />Iago 's character was played so well by the Kenneth fellow ! even thoough Iago is really evil and despicable , the character was played so well that it does what shakespeare intended for the charater to be , a pleasure for the audience to hate . i have to say that fishburne 's performance here was really good as well.<br /><br />i recommend this for shakespeare scholars and lazy students ( who refuse to read the book ) alike .
1 I was especially delighted that in this movie Othello himself was dark - skinned and Desdemona did n't have fair hair like almost always . The cast played very well , too , and I liked the script following Shakespeare 's original text so faithfully . But I must say some scenes were acted too erotically for such a character as Desdemona . I have always thought she is very modest , and that 's why it is not proper at all to show her in bed with Cassio - although it was happening only in Othello 's imagination . At first , I was a little surprised even that a love scene between Othello and Desdemona was shown so openly . But as a whole , I liked the film and especially Desdemona crying in the dying scene .
1 I do n't pretend to be an authority on actors who have played Othello , but I 've never witnessed a performance of the play , on film or on stage , wherein Othello was portrayed with more humanity and authenticity.<br /><br />According to the biographical notes , Fishburne never received any professional training as an actor . Perhaps this explains why his acting , in this beautifully edited film , comes over as so believable and so powerful . Instead of chewing the scenery in the approved fashion for such high - powered roles , Fishburne 's portrayal is focused more on Othello 's love for his wife , and on his profound sadness at her supposed betrayal , than on violence and vengeance . In a word , the performance is understated , and made far more impressive by Fishburne 's extremely intelligent interpretation than it otherwise would have been.<br /><br />The acting throughout is superb , and the ( abridged ) speeches gain grace from their light editing . ( Even Shakesspeare , after all , can be improved upon , now and again -- and if that be treason , make the most of it !
1 ... or was Honest Iago actually smirking at the end , as he died?<br /><br />Loved how the Bard 's iambic pentameter just rolled of Fishburne 's tongue , with excellent clarity and emotion.<br /><br />And how Branagh made Honest Iago seem to celebrate his own evilness ... <br /><br />This is a wonderful film.<br /><br />I have often thought that Shakespeare is inherently not film - friendly : He uses words to create pictures in our minds , which creates a perennial battle with the camera , which only knows to show us what we need to think and feel . Every effort to film Shakespeare ought really to be celebrated . It is not an easy thing to do .
1 Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello . Shakespeare 's text is strongly truncated and the film contains material which earned it an " R " rating.<br /><br />I have several reasons for using this production : First , I had not seen a depiction of the Moor that actually made me sympathetic to Othello until I saw Fishburne play him . I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer play Othello and Iago on Broadway , and it was wonderful . Plummer 's energy was especially noticeable . But in spite of Jone 's incredible presence both physically and vocally , the character he played just seemed too passive to illicit from me a complete emotional purgation in the Aristotelian sense . Jones , in fact , affirmed what I felt when in an interview he noted that he had played Othello as passive -- seeing Iago as basically doing him over . Unfortunately this sapped my grief for the character destruction . Thus , I felt sympathy for Jone 's Moor but not the horror over his corruption by an evil man . In contrast , Fishburne 's Othello is a strong and vigorous figure familiar with taking action . Thus , Iago 's temptation to actively deal with what is presented to Othello as his wife 's unfaithfulness is a perversion of the general 's positive quality to be active not passive.1 The horror of the story is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted . Fishburne 's depiction is therefore classically tragic.<br /><br />Second , Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a film . Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins did fine film versions , but they were white men in black face.2 Why is this important ? Why should a Black actor be the Black man on the stage?3 Certainly in Shakespeare 's day they used black face just as they used boys to make girls . Perhaps then , the reason is the same . Female actors bring a special quality to female roles on the Shakespearian stage because they understand best what Shakespeare 's genius was trying to present . A gifted black actor should play the moor because his experience in a white dominated culture is vital to understanding what Shakespeare 's genius recognized : the pain of being marginalized because of race . An important theme in Othello is isolation caused by racism . Although it is a mistake to insert American racism into a Shakespearian play , there can be little doubt that racism is still working among the characters . Many , including Desdimona 's father , think that a union between a Venetian white Christian woman and a North African black Christian man is UNNATURAL.<br /><br />Third , Shakespeare was never G rated . He never has been . His stage productions were always typified by violence and strong language . But Shakespeare 's genius uses these elements not as sensationialism but for artistic honesty .
1 Laurence Fishburne is a fine actor , and deserves respect for trying this , but he is not in a class with the great Shakespeareans like Olivier and Welles ; and he further suffers from Kenneth Branagh . This Irishman , always brilliant , cleanly steals the show away . Olivier recognized that potential in his production , and cast Iago with someone he knew he could upstage . I did n't nearly realize the possibilities of Iago , Shakespeare 's most evil character , but Branagh shows us the depths . Nice to see the views of Venice , too .
1 My college professor says that Othello may be Shakespeare 's finest drama . I do n't know if I agree with him yet . I bought this video version of the film . First I love Kenneth BRanagh as Iago , he was perfectly complicated and worked very well in this adaptation . SUrprisingly , he did n't direct it but played a role . Lawrence Fishburne shows that American actors can play Shakespeare just as well as British actors can do . not that there was a British vs. American issue about it . In fact , if we all work together then Shakespeare can reach the masses which it richly deserves to do . Apart from other Shakespeare tragedies , this is dealt with the issue of race . Something that has existed since the beginning of time . The relationship between Iago and Emilia could have been better and shown the complicatedness of their union together . While Othello loves Desdemona with all his heart , he is weak for jealousy and fears losing her to a non - Moorish man like Cassio . It 's quite a great scene at the end of the film but I wo n't reveal the ending . IT 's just worth watching . I think they edited much of the lines to 2 hours but they always edit Shakespeare .
1 Branagh and Fishburne deliver excellent performances in this version of the Shakespeare classic . Branagh plays Iago better than I 've seen the character played in film or on stage . Some might say this film is overly Iago - centric , but I disagree . Fishburne , the first black Othello in film history ironically , delivers a powerful performance . Fishburne has always been a good actor , but this performance as the Moor of Venice may be one of his best . < br /><br />The one problem I have with this film , is the simple subtraction of a number of important scenes . Desdemona 's character is given far less depth than she has in the play . In this film , she might as well not be added at all . One of the worst cuts made by Branagh in this film , was the subtraction of a conversation between Iago and Desdemona at the beginning of the second act . This part of the play shows that Desdemona may not be the innocent child she is portrayed as in this film . There were a number of subtractions that hurt the integrity of this film . < br /><br />However , if you have not read the play , or seen a film version of Othello before , I recommend this movie . The story , cut or not , is still incredibly enthralling . The acting , as stated previously , is very good . If some important scenes had been added , and Desdemona 's character been prioritized a bit further , this would be a great movie . As it stands , it 's still an admirable version of the original . I give it a marginal recommendation .
1 I claim no matter how hard I seek I 'll never find a better movie version of " Othello " . If you love Kenneth Branagh 's magnificent masterpieces " Much ado about nothing " ( 1993 ) and " Hamlet " ( 1996 ) as much as I do I 'm dead certain you 'll also find Oliver Parker 's " Othello " irresistible . Laurence Fishburne has been in a various splendid roles during his career . He was quite terrific in " Boys n the hood " ( 1991 ) - I 've always considered his amusing role of Furious Styles as his very greatest achievement . That was , of course , way before I saw this.<br /><br />He plays the part of Othello and he is probably in the most challenging role of his whole career but he does a brilliant , fantastic job . Irène Jacob is absolutely charming Desdemona and Kenneth Branagh is just simply phenomenal in a most fascinating role of the story 's crooked , manipulate villain Iago . Marvelous " Othello " is part of the absolute elite among Shakespeare 's ingenious works . It deals with his favorite topics : crookedness , envy , deceitfulness and jealousy . This movie adaptation is certainly one of the finest films I 've seen that 's based on William Shakespeare 's plays .
1 Yes , Shakespeare would indeed have been proud . Laurence Fishburne was not at his best but certainly not bad . Kenneth Brannagh on the other hand was brilliant . His scheming was wonderful as was his toying with the audience . Very nice work.<br /><br />There were at times too little drama where more would have been expected . Cassio 's slaying , for instance , was a bit clouded by too much happening to far apart , causing the spectator to twist his head to grasp it all.<br /><br />Did I mention Michael Maloney ? His madness striken Roderigo was unusual ; annoying even.<br /><br />If you have n't seen Othello before , see this . If you have n't read Othello , see this . If you have n't heard Othello , see this . You do , on the other hand , do yourself a favour by reading it , seeing it acted onstage and hearing it sung too .
1 ....... Playing Kaddiddlehopper , Col San Fernando , etc . the man was pretty wide ranging and a scream . I love watching him interact w/ Amanda Blake , or Don Knotts or whomever -- he clearly was having a ball and I think he made it easier on his guests as well -- so long as they Knew ahead of time it was n't a disciplined , 19 take kind of production . Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there.<br /><br />He reminds me of guys like Milton Berle , Benny Hill , maybe Jerry Lewis some too . Great timing , ancient gags that kept audiences in stitches for decades , sheer enjoyment about what he was doing . His sad little clown he played was good too -- but in a touching manner.<br /><br />Personally I think he 's great , having just bought a two DVD set of his shows from ' 61 or so , it brings his stuff back in a fond way for me . I can remember seeing him on TV at the end of his run when he was winding up the series in 1971 or so.<br /><br />Check this out if you are a fan or curious . He was a riot .
1 Red Skelton was still another major star who made the transition from movies to television with ease.<br /><br />His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.<br /><br />He would begin the show with an opening monologue . Afterwards , we would have a variety of characters . Remember Gertrude and Heathcliff in the monologue ? How can we ever forget San Fernando Red ? I remember one episode where as a king Red introduced his queen by referring to her as your fatness.<br /><br />Go know that Red would use his comedic talents to really hide from his tragic life . He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so . His wife , Georgia , died by suicide .
1 Although i am inclined to agree with the other comments made by people who have seen this movie , i am ashamed to say i rather like it . Not often can such a huge pile of 80s pap be found outside of a Wham ! video , so it is most definitely worth a viewing ( £ 0.79 a night in my local store ! ) . Watch out for the insanely obvious seams and zip on the monster 's costume , the fact that the ' hero ' looks a lot like Keith Chegwin and such classic lines as the following : Evil Wizard - Type Bloke : " At last we meet Kor ... " Kor : " Thrilling , is n't it?" < br /><br />Amazing!!I also like the fact that although the video box looks quite exciting with images of a castle surrounded by raging seas and a dangerous falcon - like bird carrying a handsome hero to safety ( among other such ' interesting and engaging ' suggestions of what goes on in the actual film , none of them actually happen . No , I 'm not joking ... there really is n't a raging sea or a ferocious bird , it 's just trying to make you interested ... classic in my opinion . This film gets 10 for pure entertainment value ! !
1 When I saw this movie first , it was long ago on VHS - Video . I did like this movie , because it was funny and excitingly . Some years ago I saw another movie , called : * Andy Colby 's Incredible Adventure * In this movie were parts of * Wizards of the lost kingdom * used in . They called this movie " KOR the conquerer " . I began to search for the " KOR "- Movie many years , because I wanted to see the complete movie , not only the parts which were used in the * Andy Colby*-Movie . No shop had this Kor - Movie to rent and no shop did know this movie . Many years I watched my old VHS - tapes I had at home , and what a wonder ... I had this movie since many years still at home , but the movie had a different title , because in Germany it has 3 or 4 titles . So I was happy to find this tape at home and this time I had much more time in watching * KOR the Conquerer again . The music is great during the hole movie , but the best part of filming in combination with the music is this moment , when KOR is walking drunken through the green forrest . The music in the background had some kind of magic . I like Bo Svenson , and also the boy , who played Simon in the movie . Both of them did their job very good . Manfred Kraatz , Germany , 26.10.2004 . Thanks to all for reading my comment .
1 This movie is horrible- in a ' so bad it 's good ' kind of way.<br /><br />The storyline is rehashed from so many other films of this kind , that I 'm not going to even bother describing it . It 's a sword / sorcery picture , has a kid hoping to realize how important he is in this world , has a " nomadic " adventurer , an evil aide / sorcerer , a princess , a hairy creature .... you get the point.<br /><br />The first time I caught this movie was during a very harsh winter . I do n't know why I decided to continue watching it for an extra five minutes before turning the channel , but when I caught site of Gulfax , I decided to stay and watch it until the end.<br /><br />Gulfax is a white , furry creature akin to Chewbacca , but not nearly as useful or entertaining to watch . He looks like someone glued a bunch of white shag carpeting together and forced the actor to wear it . There are scenes where it looks like the actor can not move within , or that he 's almost falling over . Although he is n't in the movie that much , the few scenes are worth it ! Watch as he attempts to talk smack to Bo Svenson , taking the Solo - Chewbacca comparison 's to an even higher level ! < br /><br />I actually bought this movie just because of that character , and still have it somewhere ! < br /><br />Gulfax may look like sh!t , but he made this movie ! ! ! The only reason I 've never seen the sequel , or even sought it out , was because of his absence ! Perhaps should there be a final film , completing the trilogy , Gulfax will make a much - anticipated return !
1 I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie . It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.A friend of mine from Australia was staying with me and my girl friend in a shoe box of an apartment . Winters in Alaska can be a bit brutal and most people stay indoors , drink heavily and watch anything that comes on the television . I had found this movie outside of a thrift store laying in a snowbank and right away new it was a treasure . It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever . We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish . We watched it so many times in fact that we would sometimes turn the television on its side or upside down for a more full filling effect . It is a true gem . The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever . If you see this movie for rent in a video store , steal it . You wo n't regret it !
1 Wizards of the Lost Kingdom is a movie about a young prince ( Simon ) who is banished from his kingdom due to his father ( the king ) being killed by the cliche " evil adviser " . This movie 's about Simon 's adventures . The special effects , plot , acting , and generally everything about this movie is BAD . However , it 's so bad that it 's funny . You will keep watching this movie simply because it 's so bad it 's funny , and , like the other reviewer of the movie said , it 's so bad it 's good .
1 Only the chosen ones will appreciate the quality of the story and character design of this movie . Superior ancients that dwell in the lands of lore far beyond any average human creature 's understanding . This movie pulls the adventure genre into a unique centrifugal magical force of fantasy unto thee mystical crystals of chalice . Stories come and go , but the idea for a good story is to think positive , not negative thoughts . To create a good versus evil battle like never before . Embracing an impounding shimmering process that keeps imagination glowing in one dimension and out the other . Striking a quick flash of energy that transports a human to another world .
1 I enjoyed this movie so much that I watched it twice and that is something to say about a documentary . The musical score , cinematography and sound are absolutely stunning as you might expect from an Imax production . Even though it is shot for those huge Imax theaters , it looks and sounds wonderful on my home system . In fact this would make a perfect DVD to demo your system.<br /><br />The subject is also so fascinating . It is about Mario Andretti and his son Michael . I was already a fan of Mario because he is the best racecar drive in history since he is the only person to win the CART Championship , F1 Championship , The Daytona 500 and the Indianapolis 500 . The script follows the path of two cars very important to the father and son . The first car is found in a chicken coop and turns out to be the first roadster that Mario ever drove and we follow restoration to gleaming perfection . The other car is Michael 's new racecar and we follow it from cutting the mold through the race season . Imax lends just the right magic to make car construction entertaining and fascinating.<br /><br />Paul Newman , who was Michael Amoretti 's team owner at the time this movie was made , narrates the film . His anecdotes and witticism , drawn from many years as an owner and driver , lends much to the production.<br /><br />The main feature is the race scenes . Turn up the volume here ! There is something about riding along at over 200 mph and the musical score that totally draws you into the screen for an experience you will not forget . Wow!<br /><br />The final magical element is the humanity of the Andretti family . This god of the racing world , Mario Andretti , is loving father who proudly watches over his son 's career . They work together so well that every father and son should see this . You can tell that they are a close family . I wish we could all have that experience .
1 This is a great documentary film . Any fan of car racing should own a copy of this outstanding film . Director " Stephen Low " did a great job , as well as the main stars of the film , Father & Son , Mario & Michael Andretti . The DVD looks & sounds amazing . And best of all it 's IMAX ! Great home theater test disc .
1 This is an excellent documentary , packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story . The IMAX Cameras give you a very wide perspective , as a DVD movie it is perfect . Your hear every speaker working almost all the time , The film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230 mph . Of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are good , they give a depth to the driving scenes ...
1 This is a well - made documentary on the exciting world of Indy Car racing . The photography is simply outstanding . The scene were Mario Andretti drives the old racing roadster down the New England street lined with the ancient maples , leaves blown to the side by the speed of the car , is incredible . The film does lose some of its beauty on the small screen but if you like watching cars driven to their limit you should see this film .
1 Sure , for it 's super imagery and awesome sound , it 's a great home theater " show off " disk , but this is also a touching drama as well as an informative documentary . The parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested . Young , old , boys and girls alike will find that deep down , we are all fans of the automobile , especially the high performance indy machines that are the result of generations blood , sweat , tears , ingenuity and perseverance . The Mark Knopfler and Ry Cooder sound track is perfectly matched to the visuals and the content . I do n't want to give away the ending , but the final driving sequence to Quincy Jones ' " Days Like These " just might bring a tear to your eye . Enjoy it !
1 Super Speedway makes a great demo of your new DVD / bigscreen / 5.1 channel sound system . The IMAX camera puts you right in the race car , where you cruise around various tracks at high speed , reminiscent of the driving sequences in Grand Prix ( if only that would appear on DVD ! ) . I enjoy watching it again and again.<br /><br />The only minus , and why I did n't give it a 10 , is some of the driving sequences look suspiciously like the film was speeded up . The soundtrack also requires a little suspension of disbelief - all you can hear in a real car is the engine . You wo n't hear swooshes as you go under bridges .
1 I was not expecting much from this movie , but was very pleasantly surprised , as it is light and funny and very well observed . The central trio of deadbeat bikers were surprisingly likable as they staggered and clowned their way through their drug - centred trip to Wales . The humour was gentle and subtle , as indeed were the three characters ( witness their sympathetic treatment of the little old lady shopkeeper ) . The atmospherics of rural Wales were captured perfectly , and the soundtrack was very well chosen . Cleverly and carefully scripted , with great attention to detail - I have never seen such a realistic portrayal of alternative culture - I felt I was there with them . Very light in touch and full of fun - not what you might expect from a movie about bikers and drugs . A delight on all fronts , and difficult to criticise , though I thought the last two scenes were a bit lame - the film should have ended when they left Wales . But overall , an unexpected treasure of a film .
1 I saw a preview of Freebird at the Isle of Man TT as i had heard about it in a couple of motorcycle mags . Although i was over mainly for the racing , the lure of seeing Phil Daniels in a motorcycle movie ( yes i love Quadrophenia like everyone else ) proved enough to get me away from the beer and partying . At last ! we 've done it ! us British have actually made a great motorcycle film ( and no it 's not like Torque ) this is up there with the best of British comedy . Mark my words , this is Phil Daniels best screen performance , and as far as Geoff Bell is concerned , there 's a new British legend making his name felt . I loved Gary Stretch in Shane Meadows ' fantastic Dead Mans Shoes and here he gives a quietly touching performance that he can proudly add to his growing film reputation . This is a film not just for us Bikers , but I think for everyone ( even my girlfriend loved it ) . I hope it gets the same brilliant response on the mainland as it got at the Isle of Man . I 'm not going to go into the details of certain classic scenes that this movie has , ( watch out for the shop ) , as it would spoil the fun , but i would say , go see , enjoy , and have one of the best nights in the cinema you 've had in a while . I really think this could well be a cult classic . As they were saying at the TT ... C'Mon Freebird !
1 A comedy gem . Lots of laugh out loud moments , the shop and pub scenes had me belly- laughing uncontrollably . The characters are recognisable and the dialogue well - observed - I know people like this ! The humour is surprisingly gentle and the film ( this may sound strange ) puts me in mind of an Ealing Comedy . It 's a quirky little film with lots of detail . It certainly takes a number of viewings . I 've watched it a few times ( I 've been showing all my friends ! ) and notice something new each time - a bit of dialogue , something visual that I had n't picked up on before . I could get really picky and find a couple of shortcomings in the film but I 'm not going to because overall this is a great fun , feel - good film which is really worth a watch and which anyone with a sense of humour must enjoy . It is a film which will find it 's friends and I hope there are a lot of them out there . Oh .... and It has a great soundtrack .
1 Highly recommended!!<br /><br />A well written , funny film which will appeal to everyone out there with a sense of humour!!!. Give it a go , it 's good to see an Independent British Movie more than holding it 's own against the big established studios ! ! Definitely worth adding to any film collection . There are scenes in this film that I 'm sure a lot of people will be able to relate to . You will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack . I especially enjoyed the Orb 's version of Jimmy Cliff 's Vietnam and The Tower of London 's take on Freebird . < br /><br />Go on give it a go ............ you wo n't be disappointed .
1 This is a great British film . A cleverly observed script with many quotable lines , which captures perfectly what magic mushrooms can do to a man over a weekend . As per usual Phil Daniels is excellent along with that most under rated of British actors Geoff Bell . Peter Bowles with a joint hanging out of his mouth is a casting masterstroke and Gary Stretch with his brooding looks brings something strangely atmospheric to the piece . Although it seems to be billed as a biker movie , i think it will find an audience outside of this , purely on the premise that a lot of people have been there done it and got the t - shirt . also A great original soundtrack with a blinding version of Freebird . This really could be a 21st century heir to the famous Ealing comedies . Like the weed in the Welsh fields : it 's a grower !
1 At last ! A decent British comedy that is n't centred around some mockney bank robbers or spun off from a TV series . John Ivay 's film is a psychoactive tale of discovery , dressed in biker gear . The three protagonists are gentle fools with a penchant for failure and each at a turning point in their lives , giving a sensitive , emotional trio of sub - plots to sew the riotous comedy together . The chemistry between the three amigos is palpable and makes for a touching companionship with hilarious dialogue and some classic comedic moments . It feels part Withnail and I , part American Werewolf in London , and part Quadraphenia ( but only because of the bike gangs , and Phil Daniels ) . In fact , Phil Daniels ' lovable rogue reminds you of Danny the dealer in Withnail and I , with his scholarly approach and scientific commitment to drugs . This is a great film , particularly for those who 've dabbled in psychoactive substances in the past , who will relate to many moments in the film . A personal favourite is the brilliant scene in the Welsh corner shop , buying munchies while tripping on ' shrooms . This gentle comedy will warm the cockles of your heart and have you laughing out loud . And you do n't have to ride bikes or even like them to enjoy it . But it 'll add to it if you do . Brilliant .
1 Freebird is the perfect marriage of road trip comedy , gang caper , " stoner " film and feel - good British movie.<br /><br />It is the brilliant lead characters that set this movie apart from other films in this genre . Stars Phil Daniels , Gary Stretch and Geoff Bell have a great chemistry and make their characters hugely likable and realistic . The main story centres around their road trip from London to Wales , and the adventures and mishaps that occur along the way . This small film also has a great heart - it is not just for bike fans , as it bases around the character 's relationships with each other including dreams and regrets , such as Gary Stretch 's Fred longing for the family he left behind . The cinematography is also great - a love letter to the Welsh countryside as well as capturing the grittiness of London streets and typical pub life in the Welsh country towns.<br /><br />Stylish , slick , fantastic soundtrack , likable characters and funny storyline - I would recommend Freebird in a heartbeat !
1 What a class bit of British cinema ! It 's about time . And a side splitting comedy to boot!<br /><br />Anyone searching to relive a bit of freedom from their misspent youth this road movie will prove the ticket.<br /><br />It 's a mix between " Withnail and I " and " Easy Rider " . The movie runs at a solid pace and does n't let you drift off for too long ... At times there are reflective moments , but I think they are well justified and add to the characters the actors are portraying . I was a little concerned with Phil Daniels character at the start but thankfully was won over half way through in what was one of the funniest scenes of the entire movie ! Generally I found myself belly laughing through the film most likely annoying some people around me . Oh well.<br /><br />I would thoroughly recommend it . This will become a cult British comedy . Well worth a visit .
1 The brilliant thing about Withnail & I is that it captures that not long left college and life could go either way moment along with all its other finery . Freebird is something for those who probably never considered higher education and just went straight to work aged 15/16 . I know some of the broad sheets stuck the knife into this film when it came out in Cinemas but i saw it at a packed house in Hailsham and everybody seemed to really enjoy it . I grew up in the forest of Dean and this took me straight back to my mushrooming and dope days ( had some great mates - hate to think what they 're all up to now - probably running the local council ) . I 've watched it a couple of times on DVD and already i see the film as an old mate that will stay forever as part of my collection ( how can i like this film and the Dambusters - does n't seem right somehow ) I certainly edge towards the second half of this film and i think the social interacting scenes with the locals are brilliantly done . I like the mix of the three lead characters and there really is some lovely writing in here along with some very quotable lines and dare i say a good smattering of integrity . I have tried to obtain the soundtrack , but it has not been released ( shame , as it 's a corker ) . Someone told me it was originally a stage play , not quite sure how that worked but i 'm sure it was fun . I liked the little Shakespearian touches / references that seem to crop up throughout the film ( also spotted the Dylan Thomas ref as well ) and like all little gems , there will always be little things to discover like the final scene giving a nod to Easyrider as they start they 're next journey . All in all a genuinely unpretentious piece of film making ( love it ! )
1 I was pleasantly surprised by the film . Let 's face it ; the premise does n't sound particularly appealing when having to hand over money for a the night 's flick , but it had an easygoing nature that wins one over . There were no moments that I found uproarious , and I doubt any that I 'll remember the next day , but this does n't fail as a nice diversion . What I found funny was watching it here in Peking with my Chinese girlfriend who never understands anything I like . I told her there was a plot- three guys have to bring back some weed to London . Hardly satisfying for her . There is no mugging going on here for the camera which I 'd been expecting after reading a number of the comments . I do take exception however to comparisons with Withnail and I ; not in the same league , and I doubt was it intended to . www.imperialflags.blogspot.com
1 I was in the film too , but i do n't know if they actually put this scene in . On the way back from a school trip ( in 2005 ) we stopped at a service station at the same time as they were doing the film , and we were asked ( the whole of us ) to run in and shout Go ! Freebird ! We were all around 10 years old , could anyone who has seen the film tell me if that part was actually kept in the film , it would be great to know ! I remember I thought the film had never come out , because it was another 2 and a half years before it was released . All of your comments seem to be good so I 'm guessing it has been quite a successful film , I might buy it , but first I would like to know if I 'm in it ! :D Thank you
1 A great British Indy movie ! Fantastic chemistry between the 3 main characters make for some hilarious drug - fuelled set pieces that Cheech and Chong would be proud of . Great to see Phil Daniels back on the big screen ( even if he has swapped sides since Quadrophenia ! ) and Gary Stretch is surprisingly good and a treat for the ladies ! Loved the final fight scene with it 's nod to Zulu and now I know what happened to Arthur Brown after he set himself on fire on Top of the Pops! ... he 's not acting .... he really is a bona - fide British hippie ! ! ! You do n't have to be a biker to enjoy this and it 's straight into my Friday night post - pub repeat viewing collection . < br /><br />Give this film a go and you wo n't be disappointed .
1 I have seen the freebird movie and think its great ! its laid back fun , about time the British film industry came through with something entertaining ! ! its good how the guy who met them at the service station gets mentioned way into the film in the news agents , nice touch . The acting was convincing ( i am a biker ) they reminded me of some good times i have had in the bike scene . It was good to see the film director getting in on the acting , well done jon ! At the end a new crop gets mentioned , in Ireland is this the foundation for a 2nd film ? hope so keep them coming . Great film , well written , realistic characters !
1 Running out of films to rent , I picked up Freebird . I struggled through the first third of the movie wondering if the rest would be a waste to see . Fortunately , it really warmed up , and I loved the movie quite a bit . The second half of the movie had me grinning and laughing the entire time . Thankfully , although there were bits of CGI included , they were not overdone or prevalent.<br /><br />I would have to say , though - the actors all have heavy European accents , so be warned if you have trouble understanding those voices or their cultural humor.<br /><br />I really loved this movie , and will have to order myself a copy for my own collection .
1 This is one to watch a few times . The excellent writing shows they had to have lived this story or know someone whom did because they nailed it . Freebird made me relive and laugh at my misspent youth . The title was a Great choice . Great film , setting , story , soundtrack and characters . It 's a biker flick but would be a shame to pigeon hole it that way . Funny to the bone , kinda like Trailer Park Boys in the U.K. If you 've never seen TPB , make a point to if you like this film . You will thank me . I hope to see more of these characters in other films . Sequel ? Could be done . There 's a whole lot more of the world I would like to see through their eyes .
1 I simply never tire of watching FREEBIRD . My husband was an extra so I was involved from the start . Have kept in touch with Jon and have helped out with promoting the film both in Cinemas and now the DVD release . Even to the extent of distributing promotional postcards on cross channel ferries and various places throughout France . FREEBIRD was expertly written and directed with the perfect combination of fun and serious moments plus choice casting . Only Phil Daniels could fit the role of Grouch . Great privilege to meet Jon and the cast at the party following the premier in January . Anything else you want doing Jon just ask , either email or phone , you know how to get me . Sue xx
1 Was lucky enough to be an extra in this great film and loved every minute of the filming . Went to the premier in London and had a great chat to Phil , Peter , Martin , and Jon as did my wife . Fantastic after party too . Then a few weeks later had trip to the cinema with members of our bike club . What a brilliant film , it deserves to be up there with all the great biker films . Now we have the DVD Sue my wife ca n't get enough of it neither can the kids . Get a bit of stick from the club who seem to think I 'm a film star now oh well one can only dream . I think they are just jealous . The only downside of the first part of the filming was the weather , rain , rain and more rain but hey we was in Wales . Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon . Danny Beck
1 But the opposite , sorry bud , i completely understand how you can be dragged into a film because you relate to the subject ( and you have ) . This film is terrible , the main character would give any charlie brown subtitler a run for his money he just constantly mumbles which is always a laugh , most scenes just feel awkward with characters more often than not gazing across to another with a look of ... its your line now , then i will react . Best British comedy ? Please buddy , have a strong word with your bad bad self ... at the end of the day ... the sun goes down ... and this film is Awful . I mean well done to the people involved ... they have made a film ... and maybe motorbike enthusiasts may be into it but people that still live here on earth with an actual sense of humour will struggle with this more than smiling at the Christmas present they 're nan bought them ... was that overly harsh ? i do apologise ...
1 What a GREAT British movie , a screaming good laugh and sexy Gary Stretch too , and oh , lots of bikes and lovely Welsh countryside.<br /><br />Members of our club the ARROWHEAD Bike and Trike Social Club appear in it as extras ! Hooray ! ! < br /><br />There are some genuinely hilarious bits , good acting , a good idea.<br /><br />Met the director , Jon Ivay at a showing in Wareham , Dorset . A great man , down to earth and a good laugh . This film must be supported , as all great Brit movies should!<br /><br />So please go and see it if you can , they have a website with cinemas that are showing it , so find one near you!<br /><br />I ca n't wait to get the DVD . Some of our biker friends have seen the film two or three times already and ca n't get enough of it.<br /><br />Amanda
1 I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film . I am a man nearly 50 who has only recently stumbled across the world of independent film . This happened quite by accident , with the discovery of a movie called Clerks late one night on television . The first two things I noticed about that film were that it was 1 ) technically amateurish and 2 ) brilliantly written . When I read an interview with the director in the local paper and he said that one of his influences was Clerks , I started to get interesting . When he said his main influence was The Station Agent , a movie I 'd seen on DVD a week prior , I decided I had to go and check it out . The result could be described along the same lines as Clerks , although the two films are nothing alike content wise . Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing . Whereas Clerks is a day in the life of a man who has nothing in his life at all and is afraid to ask tough questions about himself and his situation , Less Like Me is about a man who seemingly forces himself to be constantly busy , he 's always running one way or another , filling his life with little things so that he will never have to deal with the big ones . The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant . I can tell from watching it that not much has changed since I was growing up , young men still have the same problems they always have . The writer dresses up these problems and themes in the modern vernacular , crafts wonderfully honest characters , and has them do completely believable things . As far as indie cinema goes , this may not be perfect from a technical standpoint , but from an artistic one , it is very close .
1 I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film . I am a man nearly 50 who has only recently stumbled across the world of independent film . This happened quite by accident , with the discovery of a movie called Clerks late one night on television . The first two things I noticed about that film were that it was 1 ) technically amateurish and 2 ) brilliantly written . When I read an interview with the director in the local paper and he said that one of his influences was Clerks , I started to get interesting . When he said his main influence was The Station Agent , a movie I 'd seen on DVD a week prior , I decided I had to go and check it out . The result could be described along the same lines as Clerks , although the two films are nothing alike content wise . Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing . Whereas Clerks is a day in the life of a man who has nothing in his life at all and is afraid to ask tough questions about himself and his situation , Less Like Me is about a man who seemingly forces himself to be constantly busy , he 's always running one way or another , filling his life with little things so that he will never have to deal with the big ones . The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant . I can tell from watching it that not much has changed since I was growing up , young men still have the same problems they always have . The writer dresses up these problems and themes in the modern vernacular , crafts wonderfully honest characters , and has them do completely believable things . As far as indie cinema goes , this may not be perfect from a technical standpoint , but from an artistic one , it is very close .
1 Last November , I had a chance to see this film at the Reno Film Festival . I have to say that it was a lot of fun . A few tech errors aside , it was a great experience . I loved the writing and acting , especially from the guy that played the lead role . There is a lot of heart in this movie , a lot of wit to . I got a chance to speak with a few of the filmmakers after it was done , and they seemed real nice . All in all the whole movie was just a positive experience , and one I 'd definitely recommend . The story was entertaining and cool , as a woman I 've been through a lot of the same problems as the lead guy , and I could really understand his problems because of it . The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with . The friends in the movie are really well written to , they are realistic . I know people like these , I only wish Imy friends and I could sound as cool as these people when we talk . The whole movie is just real cool , I wish there were more films out there like it.<br /><br />- Jayden
1 I would just like to state that this may be biased , as I am a producer on the film . However , I will maintain some sense of dignity.<br /><br />The star of the film , Oscar Ovies , gives a stellar performance as Jeff Grinderlin , a nebbish hypochondriac who spends more time worrying than living . He brings a certain touch to his character that really allows the audience to connect with him , by stating his mind often and with a sense of harsh comedy . His mother , played by Christine Haber , is the constant support beam , that without , he would crumble upon himself . His friends also lend a hand in Jeff 's life , often making choices for him rather than letting him use his free will ... which often times he neglects is there anyway . < br /><br />The writing is superb , and the conversations flow like scenes from a Kevin Smith movie , with half as much Ben Affleck boo - hoo fests.<br /><br />The camera work is a little shoddy at some points , and the sound could also use a boost , however the performances out shine the minor details . It is also backed by a beautiful soundtrack with local talents and an exceptional composer.<br /><br />All in all , this was a treat . A rare gem , among many jewels .
1 Antonioni really showed some ' cojones ' when he had this movie made . He went to America working under a contract from the most lavish studio ( MGM ) and he made the most damning portrait of American society i 've ever seen . Having seen LA first hand this is the most accurate portrayal of the crowded , overheated and impersonal city . If only Antonioni had met Bill Hicks ... <br /><br />The subsequent burial by the studio is understandable , after such a whopping investment and dismal return . It is sad that people do n't get to see this film any more as i believe Antonioni has been proved right . Here he predicts the end of the hippie / civil rights movement in the politics of America . Everyone is much more interested in what goes into their pockets and the relentless expansion of living space into the inhospitable ( yet beautiful ) desert and beyond . How i would love to see interest in this film re - kindled and a lavish DVD release.<br /><br />I beseech people to watch Zabriskie Point with an open mind and an open heart . We have a genuinely unique film commenting on a turning point in the history of the most powerful nation on the planet , and we have forgotten about it.<br /><br />An unexpected gem .
1 About two hundred members of a Cleveland , Ohio USA film society , named Cinematheque , gathered on August 19 , 2000 to view a pristine Cinemascope print of Michelangelo Antonioni 's 1970 film , " Zabriskie Point . " Cinematheque Director John Ewing , who does a superlative job of obtaining the finest prints for his series , shared with the audience beforehand that this print was specially flown over from Italy for this one showing only.<br /><br />The audience was held spellbound as the film unfolded its artisty on the huge panoramic screen . Watching this superb print , shown the way Antonioni intended , made one aware that this is indeed a modern art work . It was all the more fitting that the series is housed in the Cleveland Insititue of Art in University Circle . < br /><br />Antonioni 's compositions are created for the Cinemascope landscape . His beautiful balancing of images , striking use of colors , sweeping choreographic movements , all are the work of a genuine artist , using the screen as his canvas . < br /><br />At last the audience could understand " Zabriskie Point . " As its narrative unfolded , it became obvious that this work is not about story per se , but rather an artist 's impressionistic rendering of fleeting images of his subject . The setting of some of the more turbulent activities of the sixties provides only a dramatic motor for the artist 's sweeping collage . < br /><br />Antonioni is not bound by conventional narrative standards , and can pause at any point to creatively embroider an event with grandiose embellishments . The audience willingly went with the flow of his remarkable imagination , as his huge images on the massive canvas held one in rapt attention . While the audience may have been only tangentially involved in character relationships , it realized the theme here is human aleination , the director 's recurring theme . < br /><br />It was also realized that no print any smaller or of lesser quality than this original one in Cinemascope can do justice to this particular rendering . The audience was therefore all the more appreciative of viewing " Zabriskie Point " in its original , breathtaking format , and broke into thunderous applause at the end .
1 I know that this is an unpopular position concerning Zabriskie Point , but I LOVED this film . I know , I know - I can legitimately be called an Antonioni fanatic . I love L'Avventura , I love La Notte , I love L'Eclisse , I love Red Desert , I love Blowup , and I love Professione : Reporter ( aka The Passenger ) . The only Antonioni film that I do n't love , the only one I 've ever given less than an 8/10 ( and one of only three that I have given less than a 10/10 , La Notte and L'Eclisse being the other two , though I fully acknowledge that I have to see both of them again ) , is Beyond the Clouds , which can fairly be called an awful film . However , there is not better awful film , if you catch my drift . So if you 're NOT an Antonioni fan , you should only logically ignore me . If you are even a casual fan , though , and you are wondering whether this particular film , whose name , when spoken , is often followed by < br /><br />a spit , which is generally despised by even Antonioni 's admirers , is at all worth seeing , the answer is YES.<br /><br />Okay , the reason that people tend to hate it is because 99 % of film watchers care ONLY for the narrative of a film . Well , that 's not exactly true . If a film is amazing in a particular aspect , say acting or cinematography or direction , and just decent in its narrative , film watchers might very well love it . But a film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical story - that 's another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years : logic - then they absolutely hate the film . I will actually agree with that in some ways . As much as I may dislike it and want to change my view , it really is difficult to love a film whose narrative I perceive as poor . However , other people tend to get annoyed at a loose narrative . This is certainly what must drive viewers away from Zabriskie Point . I could relate the story to you , but you probably would just think it was nonsensical . It is , actually , but , to me , that just made the whole endeavor more fantastic and beautiful . I 'd actually compare it favorably to 2001 , which is my favorite film . However , 2001 is perfectly coherent compared to the rambling narrative of this film.<br /><br />What Zabriskie Point has in spades is mood . The music helps a lot ; the score includes a lot of acts of the day , including Pink Floyd . The mood is kind of similar to the moods of Antonioni 's other masterpieces , filled with loneliness and desolation . Also the freedom that comes from that . The best sequence in the film is when the lead man and woman ( her name is Daria , I know , but I do n't remember his name ) pull over in their vehicle next to a historic marker on a desert highway . There is , beyond the stone wall that has been erected to keep cars from flying off , an ancient lakebed . It 's basically a rocky desert , and the two go to play in it . The setting is enormously beautiful . The woman says : " This is such a beautiful place . What do you think ? " The man : " I think it 's dead . " There 's no inclination to whether that 's a good thing or a bad thing . This is a lot like sentiments expressed in other Antonioni films - characters are constantly wanting to disappear or become invisible . Instead of David Locke , the protagonist of The Passenger , fed up with journalism , we have the young hippie sick of his friends ' politics - he thinks they talk too much and do n't act out what they feel is right , or at least he says he does . It seems to me more like he just wanted out of the situation.<br /><br />The film is also simply amazing visually . Antonioni 's films are all identifiable by just a few frames , but his visual style was always building . I like The Passenger more than I do Zabriskie Point , but Zabriskie Point might be his ultimate accomplishment in that aspect . Well , that might sound odd - L'Avventura and Red Desert are amazing pictorially . I think it 's the camera movements that are particularly amazing here . He obviously made a ton of money on Blowup , which was the biggest arthouse hit of its day , the biggest ever at that point . He spends it well here , especially with his aerial shots . One of the film 's greatest sequences involves the man , who has stolen a man 's private airplane , dive - bombing Daria in her car.<br /><br />The one thing that can be fairly criticized is the film 's politics . They 're certainly facile . Not that hippies were facile , but that Antonioni 's vision of hippies - there were n't any in Italy , of course - are bizarre and , well , filtered through a foreigner 's eyes . There 's a rather childish criticism of advertising , but it 's a criticism that still exists today . I say , ca n't you people just ignore it ? What does it hurt ? Are you walking around buying things you do n't want because of billboards ? Or there is also the criticism against capitalism . Daria , a secretary , works for a company that is stealing the land in the desert - the land that she and the man enjoyed to themselves - in order to make cheap , suburban homes for families . Rod Taylor , a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds , plays her boss . The ending , which I wo n't ruin - you 've got to see it - is almost offensively cheap . I can , though , understand the treatment of police officers . Not that I disdain them generally , but they were awful at the time . They can still be awful now . They 've always had too much power.<br /><br />These trite arguments against the American way of life still do n't effect my opinion of the film much . I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting . I really do n't think a hippie would have disagreed with Antonioni . 10/10 .
1 There are n't too many times when I see a film and go , " huh , what ? " , but this was one of them . Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point I felt much the same way Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001- he only liked the film after seeing it three times over a two year period , realizing the filmmaker was ahead of him in what was going on . Michelangelo Antonioni , in one of his few tries at making films inside of the US ( after Red Desert , he did Blow - Up , this film , China , and The Passenger , all filmed outside his native Italy ) , I could sense he almost tried to learn about the ways of the country through his own mastery of the medium . The results show that he does n't lack the means to present images , feelings , tones , colors , sounds , and a visual representation of this era . " A director 's job is to see " , Antonioni once stated . Whatever that means , he does n't disappoint for the admirer of his post - fifties work ( I say post - fifties since I 've yet to see any of his films from before L'Avventura).<br /><br />What he does lack is a point , at least the kind of point that he could bring in Blow - Up and The Eclipse . You get the feeling of what is around these characters , what the themes are bringing forth to their consciousness , however in this case the characters and the actors do n't bring much conviction or purpose . Antonioni , coming from the school of hard - knocks , neo - realistic film - making , does do what he can with his mostly non - professional cast ( those who look most like real actors are subjugated to the roles of the corporate characters ) , but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem as if Antonioni 's under - directing them . Perhaps that was the point . The story 's split into three acts , thankfully not too confusing , as Mark escapes his existence around the boiling , dangerous campus life going on in the circa late 60 's LA area , and Daria is sent out from LA to drive to Phoenix for some business meeting . They meet by chance as Mark 's plane ( how does he know how to drive , maybe a little background info there ? ) and Daria 's car meet up , and they spend some time together in an existential kind of groove out in the desert . Aside from a stylistically mesmerizing if bizarre sex scene , much of this act is n't terribly interesting . < br /><br />The two leads are fair enough to look at , but what exactly draws them to each other outside of curiosity ? The ideas that come forth ( in part from a screenplay co - written by Sam Shepard ) are n't too revealing , except for one brief instant where drugs vs. reality is brought up . Then the film heads towards the third act , as Mark decides to do the right thing , under disastrous circumstances , and Daria arrives at her boss ' place , only to be in full disillusionment ( not taking into account the infamous last five minutes or so of the film ) . Although the film took its time telling its story , I did n't have as much of a problem with that as I did that the story only engages a certain kind of viewer . I understand and empathize with the feelings and doubts and fears as well as the self - confidence of the " anti - establishment " , but maybe Antonioni is n't entirely fully aware of it himself . In some scenes he as director and editor ( and the often astounding cinematography by Alfio Contini ) find the scenery and backgrounds more enlightening and fixating than the people in the foreground . Not to say the technical side of Zabriskie Point is n't involving to a degree ( this may make some feel drowsy , as Antonioni is probably far greater as a documentary filmmaker as he is a theatrical director like say Francis Ford Coppola is ) . < br /><br />The deserts , skies , city , and even the faces in close - ups are filmed with the eye of a filmmaker in love with the art of getting things in the frame , bringing us in . The soundtrack is equally compelling , with a master stroke including a sweet Rolling Stones song at one point , and then a crushing , surreal Pink Floyd song ( re - titled from ' Careful with that Axe Eugene , one of their best pre - Dark Side ) in the explosion sequence . If only the performances were n't so one - sided I might find this to be on par with Blow - Up or The Eclipse . It 's an unconventional stroke of genius on one hand , and on the other a boring take on what was the hippie / radical movement of the late 60 's . But hey , what may be boring for an American such as myself born in the eighties may not be to others outside the US , such as say , Italy . And it does ask to not be discarded right away after one viewing .
1 This is the film in Antonioni 's middle period that most critics dismiss quickly , as a ' flawed ' look at 60s American youth culture / politics . For what it 's worth , I found it more touching and memorable than his more acclaimed films like L'AVVENTURA , perhaps because he shows more emotion & empathy here than anywhere else . The story is simple , but it is used as a frame for Antonioni 's brilliant observations of , and critique on American consumerist culture , student life , the counter - culture , and the whole anti - establishment , anti - war backlash that was so prominent then . < br /><br />Even from a purely technical point of view , it is a remarkably crafted film ; from the opening credits sequence to the bizarre desert ' love - in ' , to the use of billboards , and right down to that jaw - dropping , cathartic finale that used 17 camera set - ups ( in it 's own way , as powerful as the climax of The Wild Bunch ) . Also , Antonioni chose one hell of a leading lady with Daria Halperin , one of the most beautiful ever to grace the screen . There is n't much ' acting ' involved , as this feels more like a docu - drama , and so the use of non- professionals as the lead couple works quite effectively within that context . And the soundtrack is not only filled with marvelous music , its use is impressive as well ( I ca n't forget the start of the film , mostly due to the selection of music - by Pink Floyd - that grooms the visuals so well).<br /><br />Contrary to popular opinion , this is quite an achievement in cinema , and one I would enthusiastically recommend to anyone with a taste or tolerance for the off- beat . Well worth seeking out , and one of those key films of the 60s that demands a DVD restoration / release .
1 I was told it was one of those " either you love it or you hate it " movies . Well , I loved it . Obvious hippie - era , dated and easy symbolism and all . So , I probably have no taste at all when it comes to Antonioni , but this and La Notte ( made exactly a decade earlier ) are my favourites among his movies so far . Made two years before I was born , Zabriskie Point was supposed to have been Michelangelo 's great American epic . But apparently , it turned out to be a flop . I really ca n't see why . Before watching it I 'd read that it was rather boring , so I braced myself for a very slow movie - though I love me a slow movie . For my taste , Zabriskie did n't have a tedious minute in it . While watching it , I made a mental note of how European it was on the director 's part to make such frequent use of advertisement billboards in almost every urban scene , enormous billboards dwarfing any human form in sight . This recurrent visual element is obviously there to underline the way that consumerism crushes the individual in American society . But then I watched L'Eclisse straight afterwards , which is set in Rome in the early 60s , and noticed that Antonioni often included billboards in it as well . After all , the masterful use of landscapes , architecture and inanimate objects in each frame with or without human beings is an Antonioni trademark – this is precisely the way that he evokes his characters ' psychological states , with more or less understated power and great visual impact . He is virtually unsurpassed in this skill.<br /><br />Zabriskie Point starred two very appealing leads that should have become big stars of the 70s , but never did . Mark Frechette , whom I 'd already seen in Francesco Rosi 's fine WWI - set movie Uomini Contro , had a very tragic life and died aged just 27 . According to his biography page , he donated his $ 60,000 earnings from Zabriskie to a commune . Mark 's co - star Daria Halprin , apparently also Dennis Hopper 's wife later on , has the stunning , natural beauty and appeal of a young Ornella Muti – one of those luminous beauties that do n't need a shred of make - up to turn heads . Like Frechette , she has only graced a couple of obscure movies and has never become a star , but at least she did n't die tragically . Most notably , Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings home a sense of youthful playfulness like few I 've seen - as well as a powerfully cathartic ending . It may be the most banal sequence ever filmed as far as its symbolism goes , but I ca n't see how anyone can deny its beauty and wonderful sense of emotional release . Never has an explosion looked so good , and so poetic . It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos .
1 This film has a powerful philosophical ending . But that ending has meaning only if you watch the movie from the beginning.<br /><br />Youth alienation in the late 1960 's , from the viewpoint of a young man and a young woman , is the obvious theme of " Zabriskie Point " . Neither Mark Frechette nor Daria Halprin had much acting experience , a fact that actually enhances the film 's message . Having untrained actors conveys a sense of realism , as both players seem emotionally detached from the turmoil around them.<br /><br />This is not a script - driven film . Except for the first ten minutes , it is mostly visual , with stunning cinematography . The beautiful naturalistic images seem other - worldly , and perfectly in sync with the emotional detachment of Mark and Daria.<br /><br />I would have replaced the thematically weak Pink Floyd music with the more cogent music of The Doors . Many scenes cry out for " Riders On The Storm".<br /><br />Even so , I like this film . It 's different ; it 's unique ; it is artistic and imaginative . And the desert badlands are beautiful.<br /><br />As the years go by , " Zabriskie Point " seems more and more attractive . It conveys the mood of the late 1960 's in America . It is amazingly artistic , in a bohemian sort of way . And the film 's last eight minutes are philosophically mesmerizing .
1 When this film was made , the hippie thing had gone mainstream . The ideas of the counter culture was well established , that is why such a big film could be made . Yet it has something to say , and it is said really beautifully . Apart from those who 're only waiting for the wanking material , this film is given credit for its beautiful scenes(which in itself is more than enough reason to see the film ) by the most . The soundtrack to this film , which actually became more popular than the film itself , is another plus . Pink Floyd 's " Careful with that axe Eugene " suits really well with the explosions , the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a nice quiet mood . But . It seems as though the messages in this film have been overlooked by the most . If you did n't understand it , which seems to be the case for the most , I 'll give you some hints : The man(tough guy , what ever his name is - Mark ? ) is a part of a " reality group " . He leaves this group saying something like " I 'm willing to die . But not of boredom " He later go for a joyride with a stolen plane , probably to seek some action . As he is in the air , Grateful Dead 's Dark Star(from the Live / Dead album ) is played(i think ) . This song contains the phrase " Shall we go you and I while we can " , this is though not heard in the film.(Perhaps stretching it a bit too far meaning that quote is essential ? ) In the plane , he checks up a girl(Daria ) , who is driving in her car to a conference(about giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super - relaxing place in the desert , where everything is so simple and nice . For the whole family ! ) , by diving down , almost hitting the car . He lands the plane , and joins the girl on her way to Detroit . They stop at Zabriskie point , where they enjoy each other as living creatures and the nature . Later a family with a big car(of the type which you sleep in ) and a speed boat is showed visiting Zabriskie Point , the father saying something like " what a waste driving all the way up here " , and the kid sitting inside the car , grinning . I sensed a " this was n't much better than on the telly "- attitude . Daria takes Mark back to the plane which now is painted in a psychedelic style , with the identity number changed to " no war " on one side and " no words " on the other . " Bucks Sucks " is also written on the plane . Mark takes the plane back to where he stole it from , saying to Daria before he leaves " I do n't risk anything " or something , one of several hints about he not caring too much about his destiny . ( This because he has the feeling that the environment that surrounds do n't give him anything- " I wonder what happens in the real world " ) On the airport he is met by police officers who shoots him even though he just has returned the plane . Daria hears this on the radio , but decides to go to the conference in the fancy mansion . Here she feels alien after the adventures with her just killed friend . She enjoys fresh water running down a rock , more than the swimming pool . Inside the house the viewer is once again given a hint about anti - materialism -She looks out through a glass wall , holding her hands on the glass like she was trapped . The business men is seen arguing , the one side eager to make a big deal , the other afraid of losing money . Daria leaves the house and looks back at it , visualizing it blowing up . After the house , several other things blow up , for example a television . She smiles , happy she has inside herself destroyed what she after the meeting with Mark look upon as something negative.<br /><br />To summarize : Mark obviously experience the " reality group " as not very useful as they just sit and talk , taking no action . He clearly has bad feelings about things being as they are , and it seems like he feels that it 's no use fighting against it . He wants to leave . He helps Daria , who is " in mind but not in action " seeing his point of view . Where his feeling of being misfitted turns out leading to his death , one can hope Daria uses the ideas in a way that will turn out more constructive . In the film you see how a town ( LA ) is being polluted by commercial ( too bad you have to show the commercial to make the point ) , you see business men deciding what is the future , et cetera , and you see people being unhappy with these and other situations which is parts of the modern world.<br /><br />I have only seen the film once , so I have not caught all points , but I certainly got a feeling of what this film has to say , and I find it strange that this film can be called meaningless . If you say the points are being too obvious , I can see why , this film probably intended to appeal to the post - hippie radicals " digging " the thoughts of anti - establishment . Even though , it has a lot to say , and its message is still needed today , things pretty much evolving in the same direction as it did before the sixties . Zabriskie Point is a really great film , telling a story about quite normal young people ( not far out hippies tripping around tip toe on acid , digging everything ) seeking what they percept as real , dissatisfied with the conventional . And it is done in a truly beautiful way .
1 I saw ZP when it was first released and found it a major disappointment . Its script seemed forced and arch and too fakey ' 60s . It 's politics too upfront and ridiculous . And let 's face it , I was still under a love - spell known as BLOWUP : and I still have n't completely shaken it . Now the " love " is twisted up with all sorts of nostalgia it evokes and , oh well . . . Good Luck to me!<br /><br />But time marches on and time has been kind to ZP and time has been a teacher to me . I revisit this film about every ten years and it just gets better and better with age . And ZP is it 's own " experience"and is only really linked to BLOWUP through its creator , the late , great Mr. Antonioni.<br /><br />Twelve years ago , I had the great good fortune to see an absolutely pristine print , projected at its correct size ( immense ) , restored by an Italian government cultural agency who knows a good work of art when they see it and knows the importance of keeping such a thing of beauty in good shape . To this day I remember the gasp from the audience when the first shot of Death Valley appeared . It was like a thousand volt visual shock Antonioni had intentionally delivered to wake us up to a new level of awareness . And indeed what follows from that point is an entirely different sort of " place".<br /><br />What is astonishing to me is how this film is coming into its own.<br /><br />I remember the second time around seeing it --- the early 80s --- I had begun to feel affection towards the film as a whole and towards Daria and Mark in particular . Whereas , before these two seemed like a smart - alecky shadow version of Zefferelli 's Olivia and Leonard ( read : Romeo and Juliet)they now were engaging me --- particularly The Girl in her insistent slo - motion - ality . She - took - her - time . . . To Live . Everything , EVERYTHING dies around her.<br /><br />Upon exciting the theater the daylight of Reality quickly began to erase my new found " enjoyment " . The encroaching shoulder - padded , big haired 80s whispered " But that 's a hippie fantasy --- let it go" < br /><br />The force of Antonioni 's vision had , I had realised , already worked itself inside of me the FIRST time around so I answered " 80s " with an " Uh - Huh " and guarded my " love " secretly , possessively and jealously.<br /><br />But , this , then is what good art does it lives inside of you , and , if you wish it has its way and " loves " you back : secretly , jealously , and possessively . And you get " changed".<br /><br />Was thrilled to see that Turner Classic Movies had decided to show ZP in its March lineup . Undoubtedly , ZP must be seen on a gigantic screen so that it can truly take you into its constructed environment . But , hey , sometimes even a glimpse of the Beloved in a newspaper photo is no better than no glimpse at all.<br /><br />Today reality hit , ZP has been withdrawn mysteriously and replaced with the whiney antics of ALICE 'S RESTAURANT.<br /><br />So , it is still too " difficult " , too " disturbing " , too " what"?<br /><br />Maybe it 's that , as with all good art , it Lives while everything dies around it . < br /><br />Peace .
1 I have to admit I have always found it difficult to watch an Antonioni film from start to finish at the first try , and even for this one , I ended up watching it in three parts on repeated occasions . In the end , I realised perhaps it was better that way , because it forced me to stop thinking in the usual terms of plot and just enjoy the scenes one by one . < br /><br />The first part seems a lot more fragmentary , which is not a bad thing , it just requires more of an effort to follow . When it gets to the desert scenes , all efforts are repaid in full . The stunning cinematography is only a part of it , what really makes it all unforgettable is how the landscape is made into an overwhelming presence , the silence and vastness of it , the sense of sadness and freedom , the way it fuses and contrasts with the two young characters . The desert is dead , but at the same time it feels less distant and alien than the urban scenes in the first part . The dance between the airplane flying over and the girl 's car makes for a series of great shots . The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful , it is hard to imagine this kind of approach from a film of our times . There is of course something very stylish and studied about them , but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural , spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days . It all feels loose and unscripted ( thanks also to the understated acting ) , but that is the result of a maniacal attention to detail and form , which comes to its climax in the series of explosions at the end , a really mesmerising spectacle . It just leaves you in awe.<br /><br />I do n't really care for some the usual objections : boring - well , yes , it is , if you want all films to follow a classic plot development and be packed with action twists , but then if all cinema was like that , that would be truly dull and sad ; pretentious - maybe , but when that kind of ambitiousness is coupled with actual skills , depth , and style , pretentious is a compliment . The " political " criticisms make the least sense to me , I do n't see the point of approaching a film like this with ideological blinders or worse , patriotic requirements . It just defeats the purpose . Perhaps it 's true that , like a previous commenter remarked , Antonioni viewed these young ' hippies ' and the politics of protests and riots with the police with the fascination of a foreigner , but I think that adds something rather than detracting from the film . It 's not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at the time ( think of the ' 68 protests , like in France ) , although they were obviously different from the American counterpart and in some ways even more militant . But his interest in this film was not narrowly political . The events seem more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has a universal , timeless quality.<br /><br />A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack . Amongst other things , this film , along with Easy Rider , is probably one of the main earliest precursors of the contemporary ' artsy ' music video as well as the concept of a film soundtrack that would stand on its own , but unlike the former , it uses music in a much more subtle way , blending it with the landscape rather than the action . < br /><br />If you want traditional narrative in a film , then do n't bother . If you want to be stunned , be patient and you wo n't regret it .
1 The often misunderstood Zabriskie Point is Antonioni 's political film , Antonioni 's American film . Stylistically , it follows suit after " Blow - Up " , meaning that the pace is faster than the previous epics , though certainly no less idiosyncratic.<br /><br />Basically the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation . Not so.<br /><br />The two protagonists come from vastly different environments . Mark from the " rebel " youths , Daria from an estate agency corporation . But in true Antonioni fashion , they are both alienated , both trying to escape their surroundings . Mark leaves a meeting of rebel students and Black Panthers disappointed with the verbose empty rhetoric , while Daria keeps uneasily being on the move with her car.<br /><br />Antionioni , the master director , after portraying the rebelling youth as confused and shallow , then moves to the city . An environment saturated by corporatism , billboard advertisements , meaninglessness , that has to keep expanding to accommodate the similar expansion of the population , generating a profit at the same time . It is this environment that the two protagonists escape from , though it seems mostly out of coincidence.<br /><br />Indeed , when Daria stops by a small village in the outskirts of the desert , the environment is just as suffocating , and the people just as lost cases , best exemplified by an old boxing champion , now reduced to a shadow of himself , sitting around drinking and smoking and talking nonsense . A stunning melancholy sequence , made even more powerful with the inclusion of some half wild children living around , brought in by some " benefactor " but " destroying a genuine piece of American history " . In a not - so - obscure symbolism , there is Antonioni 's opinion on the hippies . Just a half - positive glimpse in the canvas of human alienation.<br /><br />And then there is the desert , the landscape used to devastating effect , by turns pure and terrifying , primeval , wild and dead . The sequence where the two protagonists make love , " joined " in fantasy by the " flower " generation reflects the similar sequence in " Red Desert " , where Giuliana tells her son a story . It is a colourful intermission in a colourless landscape . A vivid half - fantasy in a suffocating reality.<br /><br />The ending probably belongs to the pantheon of great endings in cinema , the Western civilization blown to pieces . A catharsis , an exorcism.<br /><br />Antionioni 's two " international " films ( the British " Blow - Up " and the American " Zabriskie Point " ) are lesser efforts than the previous masterpieces , but that is largely because of the faster pace and the inevitably contrived settings ( swinging London , flower - power America ) . But when it comes down to it , it 's clear he has n't lost the edge .
1 Though this may not necessarily be a so - called " classic " film by today 's standards , it 's still worth seeing . The main reason why is because after experiencing this film , you get the feeling that you 've also experienced the counter - cultural idealism of the 60 's , no matter however good or bad.<br /><br />I happened to see this film in an English literature class at SUNY Geneseo , and though at first it appears to be just a meaningless composition of 60 's icons , the film is far from being simply " thrown together".<br /><br />My point is that if you leave the film feeling unsatisfied and confused , the film has done it 's job : it 's conveyed a desolate view of the future that leaves you feeling unsure and angry . It was perhaps this same feeling that the film sought to explore in the youth it exemplified.<br /><br />As such , " Zabriskie Point " may not tell a very good ( or interesting ) story , and at the same time its characters may be one - sided and predictable . However , it also conveys so well this sort of clichéd , rebellious desire to get out of the existence which both Mark and Daria must share . Even the anti - establishment students are as inauthentic as the gov't they rebel against .
1 A beautiful new print of " Zabriskie Point " is playing in Paris and seems to be doing well in the Latin Quarter . It 's time for a full evaluation of the film . Let 's hope that the new print means that a DVD with some insightful " extras " will be out in the near future.<br /><br />I remember watching ZP when it came out and thought it was a crashing bore . This time around I was totally awed and would classify it as a " near - miss " masterpiece . The first part of the movie is a time capsule of late ' 60 's Los Angeles , I lived there then , and Antonioni did a masterful job of capturing the essence of the place . Kudos to production designer Dean Tavoularis who found some incredible locations and did outstanding work.<br /><br />The print I saw runs 1 hour 50 minutes . It is forbidden to those under 16 ( or 18 , I ca n't remember ) . I suspect there is quite a bit of restored footage in this print . SPOILER -- I wonder how much of the desert sex scene was originally cut . What appears today seems rather tame by current standards.<br /><br />There is no soundtrack music until almost 1 hour into the film . Before we hear extraneous noise such as radio broadcasts , etc . Antonioni was very daring to do this . I remember how much was made at the time of the lack of acting skills of non - actors Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin . This time Frechette did not bother me . Halprin is weaker but gradually improves as the film continues.<br /><br />Much of the student riot footage looks like stock footage to me . One shot is in a different aspect ratio & distorted by the wide screen . Of course , there is actual staged footage , but not all that much.<br /><br />I'm still trying to figure out how Antonioni did some of the shots of Frechette flying the plane . It looks like he really did some of the flying - there 's no blue screen or double in some shots.<br /><br />I hope to get back to see the film a second time . Recommended highly to all Antonioni fans .
1 ZP is deeply related to that youth dream represented by the hippie movement . The college debate in the beginning of the movie states the cultural situation that gives birth to that movement . The explosion that Daria imagines , represents the fall of all social structures and therefore the development of all that huge transformation that society is suffering through and finally Mark 's death anticipates the end that A sees for the movement itself . The film will be more easily understood if we go back to that time in life . During the 60 ' and 70 ' , young people were the driving force for the profound explorations for change . One of the more significant changes intended was to bring sexuality out of the closet , and i think the scenes in the desert do not represent an orgy but the sexual relationship that men and women in absolute freedom would perform in the hipotetic situation where there would be nobody to hide from . I watched the scene where the couples would throw sand to each other and appreciated the magnificent way in which A depicted the impossibility to continue hiding this basic human instinct . Repression was the way to ' control ' social outbursts at that time and that is the method , police applies to stop the students . This society suffers from hipocresy , and that comes clear when the students gain access to weapons skipping all fake controls . The dialogue between the policeman with the college professor , who 's detained for no reason shows part of society interested for this youth feeling and part completely uninterested . Presenting flying as the more accurate symbol for freedom , the stealing of the plane represents Mark 's inner wish for it but , his ( going back or coming back or returning ( segun ) ) shows the difficulties to come free from these bonds and as i ' ve said , A depicts the death of the dream by these difficulties winning the game . In my point of view a film to remember .
1 I saw this in the early 70s ( when I was 16 ) , and despite the long slow set - up , meetings , riots , etc , once the desert section began all fell into context and I loved it . ( Still do , it has aged very well . ) Back then I was in what seemed to be a tiny minority . All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative . Happily I 'm no longer in such a minority . < br /><br />It deftly shows ( in a somewhat prophetic way ) the political splintering , unrest , confrontation , brutal repression , commercialisation and deception which lay ahead.<br /><br />Appreciation for this magistral film has grown , and I 'm glad about that .
1 There 's no way to confront ' Zabriskie Point ' from a rational standpoint or attempt to describe it using words and conventions you 'd use for other movies . This is because it is n't a movie . It 's an idea and a feeling that the filmmakers have that somehow got turned into an object as mundane as a film . What we see are not the unfoldings of a plot , but rather a sequence of events that we do n't see in films every day but only imagine happening as the background we ourselves will supply when we hear about some tragic event in the news of or from friends . We we see is our imagination of people that are abstractions to us- no one we know , but we 've doubtless heard of them in a book or on TV or somewhere . So what do we see ? Events . We see people arguing , driving , and inevitably , escaping . Only the escape is from something intangible- it is the collective situation and cruelty that the mass of a civilization has allowed to exist though laziness , or ... human nature . Set in late 1960s Los Angeles , our players act against and in response to the self - inflicted miseries of modern existence . These creatures are effectively blank slates that can display any trait we can imagine if we desire . Although the actions taken might be seen as criminal or irresponsible , , the characters are not themselves criminals . They are human beings seeking a return to a familiar , non - manufactured existence that is beyond the normalcy they experience everyday . Not that they are ever happy or sad , but they achieve a type of self actualization when they move beyond and away from the suicide of modern living . They only achieve true life in the natural world , even though that is the next victim of modern existence . At the end , ' Zabriski Point ' is a eulogy of humanities attachment to the natural world . As even the most desolate pieces of the earth succumb to our notions of progress , we lose our souls on the path to death of the human spirit .
1 This movie is one of the masterpieces from Mr. Antonioni . It is about youth , distraction , happiness , alienation , materialism , honor , corruption . And it is like everything else from great Italian director -true art.<br /><br / >
1 I liked this movie . It was pretty cool . It has it all : cars , gun shooting , fighting , and even a token girl . It does not excel in any of this things , with the exception of the cars . A bit of shooting , a bit of fighting , a bit of smooching around , and LOT´s of car , with a great chase near the end . The jump , you may say , is impractical , but according to our good friends here at the IMDB it is possible , so the movie ain´t as bad as people are painting it . It has some quality , and I liked to watch it . In fact , I loved the film . And I didn´t need to turn off my brains to watch it . I wasn´t always thinking " Is this possible ? " or tramp like that . 9 in 10 .
1 The movie was a big Car Commercial . : -)<br /><br />But who cares ? I went to the theater to view the Shelby Cobra , Angelina & Cage.<br /><br />So I guess it was a good movie . * bg*<br /><br / >
1 A pleasant surprise ! I expected a further downgrade along the line : The Rock ( 9)-->Con Air ( 7)-->Armaggeddon ( 4 ) . Especially for such an overhyped film . Perhaps that 's the reason so few approved of this new type of Bruckheimer fare . Clever dialogue instead of snappy one - liners , decent background / motivation instead of shake - n - bake stereotypes and when the chase came you really thirsted for it . Fanboys expecting an Armageddon rollercoaster : stay away . This is one for the more intelligent action fans . It did n't even bother me Jolie appeared so little .
1 Carter Wong plays a noble hero on a quest for a book of healing which leads him seeking ultimate vengeance ! The pacing is good in this film and there are a lot of fight scenes to keep the movie going . The flying guillotines look wicked and the main villain has no problems using them . Although the story is n't strong , the action is fun and draws you to the very end ( which I felt could 've had a sequel).<br /><br />Campy and dark , this is great ol skool kung fu ! !
1 I thought the original of this film was quaint and charming as well as having me sitting on the edge of my seat trying to figure it out.<br /><br />Since I had already seen the original , when I saw this on Sci Fi Channel- I do n't know if this remake was deliberately made for Sci Fi - I knew what it was within the first few minutes . Since I like Richard Burgi as a character actor , I wanted to see how he would pull it off.<br /><br />The writers / producers etc , modernized the film a bit by trying to explain the plight of the " aliens " ( They could no longer reproduce their own kind and needed help ) using the same pseudo science that has been crammed in our ears in the 90 's . Maybe it added a bit of polish to the film , or not.<br /><br />This film . Film ? This production takes on a more sinister edge than the original did- The original ended with a confrontation between the young woman and the alien and an understanding of sorts took place , although no resolution of the Alien 's problem.<br /><br />I sort of remember that in this remake , the woman became rather hostile towards the Burgi / Alien- I think it could have ended better . But the ending is just the ending , and the yarn is a swell yarn , being of the basic 1958 Science Fiction Pulp Stock . Many great science fiction stories were written in the 50 's and some of them even made it to film.<br /><br />This is a swell thing to watch on like a rainy day or something . I rate it highly cos of all the remakes of old 50 's Sci Fi , this one came off well . I actually enjoyed this quite a bit.<br /><br />But if anyone really wants to see this story told WELL , I suggest the original 1958 version with Tom Tyron and Gloria Talbott , directed by Gene Fowler Jr.
1 This picture for me scores very highly as it is a hugely enjoyable and amusing spoof of Alien Invaders taking over a town and many of its ' men folk.<br /><br />The town and the players are all decked out in sort of 1950 's style and the whole movie has a deliberate tacky and kitschy feel to it . Some of the scenes are hilarious like with the birth of an alien creature.<br /><br />All the actors give full blooded and serious performances which makes the film even funnier and the special effects and Aliens are at least it seems to me intentionally 3rd rate to add to the amusement.<br /><br />These type of films often deserve a cult following:<br /><br />8/10 .
1 Nick and Kelly are ready to be married but Travis ( Kelly 's dog ) leads Nick to a strange blue wall that will change the honeymoon for Kelly . Richard Burgi and Susan Walters play Nick and Kelly and make a good couple . Nick loves to drink , smoke , and play pool with the fellas for fun but Nick suddenly abstains from this type of fun . Sex is the one thing that he loves because he wants a child . We find out that an alien race is dying and needs to interbreed with women from Earth to save their population . It becomes a battle of survival between humans and aliens with the dog population also being involved . A fine film .
1 The team of Merian Cooper and Ernest Schoedsack produced a documentary of 50,000 Bakhtiari people and their animals on the Summer migration to winter grazing . The basic worth of this film today is as a time capsule of a " forgotten people " and how they lived during what we in the West knew as the " roaring twenties . " A more drastic contrast could not be imagined . Raging river and barefoot mountain crossings are brutally realistic and the animals that disappear under the water do in fact die . To make sure that the audience of the time believed that the story took place , a signed certificate of authenticity is offered up at the end . The version that I saw had fascinating Iranian music that can stand alone and be appreciated without the film . Having said all this , the film is probably of more value to the anthropologist than the casual viewer in search of a good evening 's entertainment . The crew had just barely sufficient stock to take the shots that they recorded and there is no fancy camera work resulting from multiple re - takes . The Western inter - titles detract from the experience but are in fact a part of the record since they demonstrate how Hollywood tried to put their spin on the lives of an indigenous peoples lives so that they would be appreciated by the audience of the day . Off - duty entertainment by desert police becomes a " policeman 's ball . " The producers went on to make the docu - drama Chang ( 1927 ) and the totally commercial King Kong ( 1933 ) . The migration theme is used again in People of the Wind ( 1976 ) and in Himalaya ( 1999 ) . Recommended for those who know in advance what they are getting into -- and then highly recommended for them .
1 The first collaboration between Schoedsack & Cooper is a compelling documentary on the migration of the Bakhtiari tribe of Persia . Twice a year , more than 50,000 people and half a million animals cross rivers and mountains to get to pasture . You 'll feel like a pampered weakling after watching these people herd their animals through ice cold water and walk barefoot through the snow to cross the mountains while trying to get their animals to walk along steep and narrow mountain paths .
1 This was incredible , meaning that it was hard to believe , that the " forgotten tribe " would make this astounding migration twice a year , and that the filmmakers , Cooper and Schoedsack , did n't stage some of the scenes and shots . But what shots they are ! The cinematography , under mostly extreme conditions , is brilliant , and the score of Iranian music added to the video release give this memorable documentary an added richness.<br /><br />I had the pleasure of seeing this and " Kon Tiki " on the same weekend , which was a thrill and certainly made me see how tough and hardy and brave people can be , whether for primitive survival or the need for adventure or in the name of science .
1 Fantastic documentary of 1924 . This early 20th century geography of today 's Iraq was powerful . Watch this and tell me if Cecil B. DeMille did n't take notes before making his The Ten Commandments . Merian C. Cooper , the photographer , later created Cinerama , an idea that probably hatched while filming the remarkable landscapes in this film . Fans of Werner Herzog will find this film to be a treasure , with heartbreaking tales of struggle , complimented by the land around them , never has the human capacity to endure been so evident . The fact that this was made when it was shows not only the will of the subjects , but of the filmmakers themselves .
1 This was soul - provoking ! I am an Iranian , and living in th 21st century , I did n't know that such big tribes have been living in such conditions at the time of my grandfather!<br /><br />You see that today , or even in 1925 , on one side of the world a lady or a baby could have everything served for him or her clean and on - demand , but here 80 years ago , people ventured their life to go to somewhere with more grass . It 's really interesting that these Persians bear those difficulties to find pasture for their sheep , but they lose many the sheep on their way.<br /><br />I praise the Americans who accompanied this tribe , they were as tough as Bakhtiari people .
1 I am actually outraged at the comment I read stating that this movie was " boring " and the beautiful scenery was marred by the black and white footage . It was made in 1925 ! ! ! ! I think it absolutely incredible for it 's time ! < br /><br />The journey that these people had to go through is utterly remarkable . It took them a week just to cross a river . The women carried their children in heavy wooden cradles on their backs climbing up a solid sheet of rock , sometimes barefoot in the snow . I would like to see Anybody do that now ! < br /><br />I thought it was a wonderful film with some truly amazing shots and an incredible story .
1 They probably could have skipped some of the beginning - I 'm not sure why this starts out in the Asian part of Turkey . If it was because starting in the Mediterranean , they could have gotten closer starting in modern day Lebanon.<br /><br />One the cameras and crews get to the Bakhtyari tribe , it 's the beginning of an amazing 48 day journey . 50,000 people with about 250,000 goats , camels , cattle , and horses make this amazing trek across what seems to be a very fast moving Karun River . They use rafts that are kept afloat by inflating goat skins - you can see where the head and legs were removed . The other " bank " of the river was very steep - I 'm guessing about a 60 degree rise.<br /><br />Just watching that was incredible , but there was much more to come . To get to the pastures , they also had to cross a major mountain that had about 4 feet of snow , if not more . Being able to climb this mountain was pretty amazing in and of itself , but they ( and all of the animals ) climbed this mountain barefoot ! Yes , barefoot.<br /><br />The one drawback to this documentary were some of the inter - titles with poor attempts at humor.<br /><br />If you want to see a documentary from the silent era , or the incredible challenges that this tribe not only face , but conquer . This is just an incredible document of a little known group of people facing all kinds of challenges .
1 This documentary by Marian Cooper is absolutely amazing . I saw it tonight on Turner Classic Movie channel . I think I will see if I can order a copy of it on DVD . The film footage does n't look all blurry and choppy like you might think from 1925 B & W silent film . Set in Iran in 1925 , The nomadic tribe people in the documentary leave their desert home and cross a raging river , men , women , children , animals ... Then up and over a snowy mountain pass all Barefoot . It is sink or swim and climb or die . In search of grass for their animals . They have cows , goats , dogs , horses , mules . In one scene a man is carrying a mule who is too sick to climb the mountain . The children in the documentary all look happy and healthy . They had such a hard life . I wonder if the nomadic tribes of Iran still live like this . Makes you appreciate modern life in USA .
1 I may be getting ahead of myself here , but although the film itself was a technical masterpiece for its time , I watched it piece - by - piece on TCM last night , the question arises to me : Why did they do that ? putting their lives in jeopardy , many of them died on the trek , why would they undertake such a life - endangering journey , just to find food for their animals ( ! ) once they reached the " land of milk and honey " , why did n't they just stay there ? Would you endanger your life , and that of your entire community , just to find food for a herd of cattle ? As dangerous as it was , to do it for that purpose alone , shows the inbred simplicity of these types of people . Risk death for a cow ? ? Better them than I !
1 This film show peoples in the middle of the hottest 2 days in Austria . It shows people humiliating other peoples and being cruel to other peoples . It show the inability of people to communicate or talk with others.<br /><br />In the screening I have attended people were leaving in the middle because they could no longer watch the film . And rightly so . Because the film is not and easy one to watch . It has a very depressing message and there is n't any moment of mercy in the film . It is a very cruel movie , not for everyone 's taste . You can not speak of terms of enjoyment from this film . It grips you in your throat and never let go and in the end you simply feels breathless because of its intensity.<br /><br />I can not " recommend " or " not recommend " this film . You should make your own mind based on what I have said earlier . Just be aware that this is not a regular film and it is not for everyone 's taste .
1 I just saw this film at the 2001 Toronto international film festival . The working title there was ' Dog Days ' . The audience reaction was mixed . Some people found the graphic sex and realistic violence to be too much for them . Others seemed to genuinely appreciate how good this film was.<br /><br />This film is n't for the faint of heart . It 's like ' Happiness ' with explicit sex and a less optimistic view of humanity . There 's animal poisoning , a strip - tease from a senior citizen , an orgy'esque ' bathouse in a shopping centre , anal candle penetration , and the molestation of the mentally incompetent.<br /><br />If any of this sounds like too much to handle then this film is n't for you . This film shows humanity at its most desperate and pathetic . The banality of our existence is shoved in our face with utmost glee.<br /><br / > Seidl has no interest in redeeming humanity here . And why should he ? This film features excellent performances from all involved , is always interesting , and is probably the most intelligent social statement to be made on film in awhile .
1 This film is great . As often heard , it is indeed very realistic and sometimes brutal , but unlike some other people I am clearly not of the opinion that it is depressing , negativistic or dismantling Austria as a proto - fascist society . Quite the contrary : While there are indeed some very heavy scenes in HUNDSTAGE and some characters are to be called very bad persons , at the same time you watch love , beauty and humor in Ulrich Seidls film . And that 's exactly what distinguishes HUNDSTAGE for me from other films that try to show the lives of the ' ordinary people ' in an intense , realistic way ; their hustle , their wishes , their dark sides : Seidl clearly never tries to prove , that the lives of the working - class people are trash ! In my opinion , viewers who come to this conclusion seem to be very afraid of admitting , that nearly nobody 's live is as ' clean ' and ' normal ' as we would like other people to believe . And that every live has its dark and often depressing sides . The most beautiful scene : The old Viennese man , watching his old girl dancing ' the oriental way ' , as he is calling it . I think everybody who finds this scene ugly lacks a sense of beauty and should ask themselves what it is , that 's proto - fascist : The characters in HUNDSTAGE or viewers , who are turned off by the body of a 70 + year old woman , dancing with all her charms for her lover .
1 This film has got to be ranked as one of the most disturbing and arresting films in years . It is one of the few films , perhaps the only one , that actually gave me shivers : not even Pasolini´s Sálo , to which this film bears comparison , affected me like that . I saw echoes in the film from filmmakers like Pasolini , Fassbinder and others . I had to ask myself , what was it about the film that made me feel like I did ? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror film , but one that defies or even reverses the conventions of said genre . Typically , in a horror film , horrible and frightening things will happen , but on the margins of civilized society : abandoned houses , deserted hotels , castles , churchyards , morgues etc . This handling of the subject in horror is , I think , a sort of defence mechanism , a principle of darkness and opacity functioning as a sort of projective space for the desires and fears of the viewer . So , from this perspective , Hundstage is not a horror film ; it takes place in a perfectly normal society , and so doesn´t dabble in the histrionics of the horror film . But what you see is the displacement of certain key thematics from the horror genre , especially concerning the body and its violation , the stages of fright and torture it can be put through . What Seidl does is to use the settings of an everyday , middle class society as a stage on which is relayed a repetitious play of sexual aggression , loneliness , lack and violation of intimacy and integrity : precisely the themes you would find in horror , but subjected to a principle of light and transparency from which there is no escape . It is precisely within this displacement that the power of Seidl´s film resides . Hundstage deals with these matters as a function of the everyday , displays them in quotidian repetition , rather than as sites of extremity and catharsis - a move you would encounter in said horror genre . One important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder . Fassbinder also had a way of blending the political with the personal in his films , a tactics of the melodrama that allowed him to deal in a serious and even moral way with political issues like racism , domination , desire , questions concerning ownership , sexual property and control , fascism and capitalism etc . Seidl´s tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film puts him in close proximity with Fassbinder ; like this German ally , he has a sort of political vision of society that he feels it is his responsibility to put forward in his films . During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year , at which Seidl was a guest , he was asked why he would have so many instances of violated , subjugated women in Hundstage , but no instances of a woman fighting back , liberating herself . Seidl replied that some may view it as immoral to show violence against women , but that he himself felt it would be immoral not to show it . An artistic statement as good as any , I think . Thank you .
1 It 's nothing brilliant , groundbreaking or innovative , but ' Dog Days ' is for some reason an extremely fascinating character study . It 's like CRASH tripping on a bad dose of heroin , but not really . It 's an Austrian film following the lives of several depressed , deranged and annoying people and their abusive relationships with each other . It 's disturbing , yet very well - acted and it 's interesting to watch the crazy little things these characters do . Certainly not for the weak - hearted , this highly pessimistic film offers no conclusion or revelation at the end , we just see the lives of these sordid individuals over the course of two days . Grade : B
1 There is something special about the Austrian movies not only by Seidl , but by Spielmann and other directors as well . This is the piercing sense of reality that never leaves the viewer throughout the movie . Hundstage is no exception . This effect is achieved not only by the depicted stories but also by actors playing . In Hundstage I have never had the feeling that these are actors playing , but real people instead . So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer ... Almost as if the grumpy pensioner or lonely lady in the movie are living below you in your block.<br /><br />Any person living in Vienna can without any doubt painfully recognize the people in the movie with their meckern / sudern ( complaining ) , their hidden sexual urges and the prolo macho guys . This is further reinforced by the Viennese dialect which is , according to many , especially made for complaining as a way of life . A special parochialism and arrogance typical for Vienna are also very well portrayed.<br /><br />The Viennese suburbs have a vivid presence in the movie with their stupor and drowsiness where nothing happens . Moreover , they have been turned into a celebration of materialism with shopping malls and huge department stores . Inbetween are the houses of the people where they indulge into what they reckon is pleasure - giving activities , trying to stay in touch with their human selves , yet in vain . The examples are the sexual game of the old lady with the men which bordered on rape , the prolo guy losing his nerves and hitting his girlfriend and the young woman who hitchhikes and irritates her drivers.<br /><br />The film has no soundtrack as it concentrates on the normality / abnormality of its images only . Another typical feature of Seidl ( and other Austrian directors ) is his showing of disturbingly sexual images . These include the stripping of the old woman for her husband , the sexual scenes in the bath , the sexual game of the lady with the two men in her apartment , etc.<br /><br />In Hundstage Seild has portrayed the lives of people who eventually may be as much Viennese as they could be citizens of Paris , New York or Madrid . The viewers should not despise or feel pity for the Viennese in the movie as they themselves could become victims of the same human estrangement and alienation , albeit in different circumstances . In the end , I believe Seidl 's film is a warning to us about the terrible state of human relationships so brutally revealed in Hundstage . And if the viewer does not succumb to the reasons for this evil transformation , Seidl has achieved his goal .
1 Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unnerving study of life in a particularly dreary suburb of Vienna . It comes from former documentary director Ulrich Seidl who adopts a very documentary - like approach to the material . However , the film veers away from normal types and presents us with characters that are best described as " extremes " – some are extremely lonely ; some extremely violent ; some extremely weird ; some extremely devious ; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood ; and so on . The film combines several near plot less episodes which intertwine from time to time , each following the characters over a couple of days during a sweltering Viennese summer . Very few viewers will come away from the film feeling entertained – the intention is to point up the many things that are wrong with people , the many ills that plague our society in general . It is a thought - provoking film and its conclusions are pretty damning on the whole.<br /><br />A fussy old widower fantasises about his elderly cleaning lady and wants her to perform a striptease for him while wearing his deceased wife 's clothes . A nightclub dancer contends with the perpetually jealous and violent behaviour of her boy - racer boyfriend . A couple grieving over their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek solace by having sex with other people . An abusive man mistreats his woman but she forgives him time and again . A security salesman desperately tries to find the culprit behind some vandalism on a work site but ends up picking on an innocent scapegoat . And a mentally ill woman keeps hitching rides with strangers and insulting them until they throw her out of the car ! The lives of these disparate characters converge over several days during an intense summer heat wave.<br /><br />The despair in the film is palpable . Many scenes are characterised by long , awkward silences that are twice as effective as a whole passage of dialogue might be . Then there are other scenes during which the dialogue and on - screen events leave you reeling . In particular , a scene during which the security salesman leaves the female hitch - hiker to the mercy of a vengeful guy - to be beaten , raped and humiliated ( thankfully all off - screen ) for some vandalism she did n't even do - arouses a sour , almost angry taste . In another scene a man has a lit candle wedged in his rear - end and is forced to sing the national anthem at gunpoint , all as part of his punishment for being nasty to his wife . While we might want to cheer that this thug is receiving his come - uppance , we are simultaneously left appalled and unnerved by the nature of his punishment . Indeed , such stark contrasts could act as a summary of the whole film - every moment of light - heartedness is counter - balanced with a moment of coldness . Every shred of hope is countered with a sense of despair . For every character you could like or feel sympathy for , there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hate . We might want to turn away from Hundstage , to dismiss it as an exercise in misery , but it also points up some uncomfortable truths and for that it should be applauded .
1 Being an Austrian myself this has been a straight knock in my face . Fortunately I do n't live nowhere near the place where this movie takes place but unfortunately it portrays everything that the rest of Austria hates about Viennese people ( or people close to that region ) . And it is very easy to read that this is exactly the directors intention : to let your head sink into your hands and say " Oh my god , how can THAT be possible ! " . No , not with me , the ( in my opinion ) totally exaggerated uncensored swinger club scene is not necessary , I watch porn , sure , but in this context I was rather disgusted than put in the right context.<br /><br />This movie tells a story about how misled people who suffer from lack of education or bad company try to survive and live in a world of redundancy and boring horizons . A girl who is treated like a whore by her super - jealous boyfriend ( and still keeps coming back ) , a female teacher who discovers her masochism by putting the life of her super - cruel " lover " on the line , an old couple who has an almost mathematical daily cycle ( she is the " official replacement " of his ex wife ) , a couple that has just divorced and has the ex husband suffer under the acts of his former wife obviously having a relationship with her masseuse and finally a crazy hitchhiker who asks her drivers the most unusual questions and stretches their nerves by just being super - annoying.<br /><br />After having seen it you feel almost nothing . You 're not even shocked , sad , depressed or feel like doing anything ... Maybe that 's why I gave it 7 points , it made me react in a way I never reacted before . If that 's good or bad is up to you !
1 Trailers of this movie may show scenes of violence or non mainstream sexuality , but these scenes are just rare fragments , picked out to attract audience . They are , of course showing the main message of the movie:<br /><br />People who are constantly kicked on their heads in their jobs and lives , using power , which they may have somewhere else , to notoriously oppress others . And at the low end of the oppression chain , mostly women.<br /><br />A movie showing this as brutally as Hundstage is surely tough to face , but having to endure such lives , is even tougher.<br /><br />Technically the film is much like Short Cuts , but consisting of documentary style episodes , featuring people like your neighbour , playing just the way they are . Without any glitter , and most disturbingly , without any hope . Its documentary style makes the movie even more disturbing , because you realize , such people are out there , and there are many of them , although our society focuses on the nice exterior looks . Somewhere the porn industry has to do its business , somewhere unreported domestic violence has to take place , somewhere hopes have to shatter . I sure do know such people.<br /><br />If you want to see a movie without any funny scenes ( some may think the handicapped woman repeating the top ten supermarkets is funny , but this happens for real ) and without any melodramatic , go watch this movie . However it will lose when you are focusing on subtitles I fear , as subtitles can´t transport accentuation .
1 It 's not a brilliant idea to watch Hundstage if you 're not 100 % sure of your mental stability , because it will be severely tested with this film no matter how sane you are . I have to say Hundstage is an art film rather than an entertainment film , so the majority of the viewers would n't have the level of " maturity " to reach in to its delightful side . Kind of like Tarkovsky films , but different in a way . I , myself , ca n't say I had a lot of fun watching it . But it 's an outstanding and very interesting experience for those who are only tormented by the cliché that Hollywood offers . Hundstage sticks a finger right into your brain and scratches your mind all over . You ca n't simply sit back and watch it , you 'll be using exclamations or looking with eyes wide open throughout the film . A film that 's similar to this in style is Nachtgestalten , but it was considerably better , and way less violent . This one for instance , is not for children or those who are mentally tender or bad - tempered . Most viewers would most likely give either a 10 or a 1 to this film . I give it a 9 because I 've seen the multiple - stories - in - one - film phenomenon in another film and it was better . But this one 's an outstanding piece on its own . Worth watching , but get ready to see something disturbing .
1 " Hundstage " is seidl 's first fiction film ( before this he directed great documentaries as " animal love " or " models " ) . seidl worked on this project for more than 3 years but it only cost around 2 million dollars . the actors are very good especially the non - professional actors who nearly played themselves.the cinematography is good too . the whole film is shocking disturbing and some scenes may be too much for " ordinary " viewers.the film shows a lot of sex and violence but also that people are lonely and not able to communicate with each other . finally i 've to say that this is one of the best and most rewarding austrian films in the past years . please excuse my bad english.<br /><br / >
1 Every country which has a working film industry has some sane ( and maybe some insane ) artist which make movies that you can only completely understand when you 're a part of this country . I guess Hundstage is such a movie.<br /><br />You see the lowest level of Austria 's society , dirty , disturbed , weird , hateful . But they still have enough money so they can afford tuned cars and big houses . And they are definitely doing a lot of strange things here which maybe seems for them ' normal ' because they 're doing it through their whole life . From a normal human viewpoint you can now easily follow the movie and be disgusted or fascinated and watch a fine piece of Austria 's art movies.<br /><br />But if you LIVE here and you know the people you see the characters in Hundstage as the tumor of the society . A society that is going more insane from day to day , creating their own rules that nobody else can understand , cave the social system from within . And you SEE the people . Sitting in the park , standing at the opposite street corner , queuing in the same line . Maybe you meet 'em in a bar or a disco you may visit . Maybe you even work with them in your job or they are living next to your house . You start to hate them without exactly knowing why . You 'll try to get away - but you can not . Maybe you 'll end up like them . But it seems ' normal ' for you because you 're doing it through your whole life now ... <br /><br />Life is n't so bright though Austria is one of the richest countries in the world . It has beautiful people ... but some are also ugly . There are a lot of hard working persons trying their best ... but there are also some riding on the back of others and destroying everything that the folk of Austria has built up so far.<br /><br />A very pessimistic movie .
1 a movie about the cruelty of this world . I found it liberating , as only truth can be . It also contains some quite funny bits . Some of the acting is extraordinary , see Maria Hofstätter for instance . The director has tried to depict life as realistically as possible , succeeding . Coherently , the sex scenes are explicit and no more fake than those of a hard - core movie . Although I hardly understood a sentence , I found the vision of the movie in the original language with subtitles much more rewarding , because with the dubbing half the great work of the actors gets lost . The voice of the character played by Maria Hofstätter is particularly hard to duplicate by a dubber.<br /><br />My favorite movie
1 I agree with the previous comment in naming the film 's content " everyday madness " but would like to specify that : " Dog Days " is about how women are treated in ( a male ) society . The episodes we get to see here show some variation in everyday discrimination of women , mostly categorized by age group . There is a senior man who makes his new partner look and act the way his late wife had , treating her like a doll that shall act " worthy of wearing " the former 's dress . There is a middle - aged couple in whose relationship she is nearly a slave and he a ( violent ) master . Further we find a somewhat younger man who does not communicate with his friend / wife and instead of being really jealous about her affairs even makes friendship with his competitor(s ) . A young adult man makes clear to his friend - a girl who is really troubled by being pretty enough for him - that she has to be the jewelry at his side and to follow his narrow viewed rules of etiquette . Finally there is a man in his late fifties who calculating his own advantage delivers a simple - minded hitchhiking woman to a furious client who - taking her for guilty in having scratched his car - natural beats her up . To complete the examples we find the pal of the man in the " master - slave "- couple - after collectively abusing her - threatening and humiliating the former " in her sake " for she shall get rid of her partner and take himself as her new " master " . During all this the inhabitants of the lately built neighborhood in which the action takes place rests under the burning summer - sun - absolutely motionless ( sic ! ) . Unfortunately I have not seen the last minutes of this shocking and authentic portray of the archaic structures that still reign in the relationship between women and men , but what I have seen convincingly analyzed the repertoire of discrimination . Probably a helpful tool in teaching even the less sensitive spectator what goes wrong - due to good visualization .
1 at first I had the reaction a lot of people left with after seeing this : that shots of fat people sunbathing , etc were cheap shots in a way . OK so he 's doing diane arbus meets . . . whatever . . . but it was n't long before I realized that this was n't being done in a dehumanizing way , as the images unfold I felt that the problem was entirely the audience 's : we are conditioned by Hollywood and also movies from just about everywhere actually to feel that to watch people above a certain age behave in a sexual way is something unseemly , something that ought not to be shown . if this were all the film offered it would be a great deal . however , the story of the woman with the abusive boyfriend and his drunk friend really hits like a ton of bricks : very eloquent storytelling , incredible performances , and to think the scene was improvised . that blonde guy is a genius actor . finally I want to contradict those who say this film is all about how pathetic all these people are . the old man who is on the make with the woman who finally dances for him is completely an a OK character that breaks that mold , so do n't oversimplify the film by overlooking him . yes his dog gets killed . this ai n't a rosy picture of the world but it 's not . . . completely hopeless . anyway I felt really grateful to the filmmaker for making such a beautiful film all in all . I would n't say each of the threads were as strong as the strongest , but I say this movie basically kicks ass and would highly recommend it . . .
1 Dog days is one of most accurate films i 've ever seen describing life in modern cities . It 's very harsh and cruel at some points and sadly it 's very close to reality . Isolation , desperation , deep emotional dead ends , problematic affairs , perversion , complexes , madness . All the things that are present in the big advanced cities of today . It makes you realize once again the pityful state in which people have lead society . < br /><br />The negative side of life in the city was never pictured on screen so properly . I only wish it was a lie . Unfortunately , it is n't . Therefore ... 10/10 .
1 A movie / documentary about different people in Austria on the hottest weekend of the year . It follows what they are doing and maybe more what they are not doing . The tempo is very quiet ...... so you have to relax ....... breathe in ... breathe out before you see it ...... <br /><br />First you think .... but nothing is happening and you get a little angry over that .. and that s the problem , because its the mood of the film and the really nice social realistic pictures which are nice in this film ........... a lot of people will say its disgusting ...... but its not that bad ... i think its more used for the marketing .... and there s some really funny moments ... a 60 old woman stripping ..... i guarantee its the most unsexy striptease in film history ...... its movie which is real .. i think that s the word ...... right up in your face ....... and that makes it a bit scary.no computer manipulation here ..... its real life ... and as we all know movies can win over reality when it comes to doing sick things .......... so its much worse in the real world ....... <br /><br />If you survive the movie you can start to look at your neighbors and think ... maybe they are like the persons in the movie ... i bet there s a lot of them out there ...... sick ... crazy people living with a nice facade ........ after seing the movie i feel its more interesting to look at my neighbors ........ <br /><br />But maybe you should nt see this movie on your first date .........
1 Uncompromising look at a suburb in 21st century Vienna mixing the stories of six groups of characters by former documentary maker U.Seidl is a provocative , minimalistic and intense piece of observation cinema.<br /><br />After the world - wide spread of Big Brother reality shows , Hundstage takes modern voyeurism to an unsettling , profound level . Hard to like but unignorable piece of European art - cinema might seem cruel and seedy , yet manages to convey the nihilistic alienated feeling of modern society in a praiseworthy manner.<br /><br />A must for lovers of world cinema .
1 Oh my , from the box description I thought it would be LA - crazy like 2 Days in the Valley or Hugo Pool . Ulrich Seidl must be a very strong man . Most , after directing this , would have driven off a cliff or at least committed a mass murder . I confess to only watching the first half hour ( for now ) . Reading all the comments here , I have a lot to look forward to . Professional reviews often mention the Swedish film Songs from the Second Floor as a parallel but that 's graced with humor and fantasy and this is unrelenting in its dour realism . What hath the Marshall Plan and the EU wrought ? Seeing this in a theater with anyone I know would have only resulted in an enforced departure after many fewer minutes than I got through on DVD . There 's a more annoying creature in the universe than Jar Jar Binks - the Hitchhiker from Hell . Whatever happens to her , it is n't enough ! Soulless suburbia that I thought only existed in Arizona and Florida thrives in Lower Austria . Oh no ! I thought sex clubs had ceased to exist even in New York and San Francisco , and here they are in suburban shopping malls ? Was it Mahatma Gandhi or Jawaharlal Nehru who said when asked about Western Civilization , ' why that might be a nice idea ' ? If the world were truly like this film , bring on that black hole , we 're ready .
1 The plot intellect is about as light as feather down . But the advantage here is the boy and girl classic refusal we have become accustomed to in " The Gay Divorcee " and " Top Hat " is now absent . Instead of the typical accidental acquaintance , the dancing duo are the former lovers Bake Baker and Sherry Martin , who are still in love since their dancing days.<br /><br />Of course , being a 30s musical , there 's the problems of misunderstood romance , classy courtship and the slight irritation of a sabotaged audition with bicarbonate soda has costing Ginger something rather special . And then in the grand tradition of dwindling finances , there 's nothing better for Hollywood 's best entertainers than put on a show.<br /><br />Delightful numbers from Irving Berlin are sprinkled throughout the show . Top hats and evening dresses are saved right until the end , which remains a refreshing change . Fred and Ginger are out again to charm the world ... and charm the navy . Everyone and everything is once again just so enjoyable.<br /><br />Pure classic silliness at its best . But with Astaire and Rogers , we just know it 's got to work.<br /><br />Rating : 8.25/10
1 This is one of the best Fred Astaire - Ginger Rogers films , or at least one of my favorites . Most of the A - R movies feature great dancing but sappy romance stories . This still has the courtship corniness but not as pronounced as the other films.<br /><br />This movie features not just great dancing but likable characters and a bunch of good songs . The music is the central theme here and what 's nice is the addition of a tap solo by Rogers . She not only was a super dancer but a very pretty woman and one with tremendous figure . She dances also with Fred , of course , and they 're always a fun pair to watch on the dance floor.<br /><br />Growing up in the 1950s watching " Ozzie & Harriet " on television , it was a real kick the first time I saw this to see such a young Harriet Hilliard . No surprise than Ozzie fell for this beauty . Although she had that short early ' 30s hairstyle , I recognized her voice right away . Also in this movie are quick appearances by Betty Grable and Lucille Ball , but I have to admit that I have yet to out Ball . I ca n't find her , but I know she 's in here.<br /><br />Astaire , except for some obnoxious gum - chewing in the first third of the film , was fun to watch and Randolph Scott - although better in westerns - is likable , too.<br /><br />This is simply a nice , feel - good film and good one if you want to to enjoy the great talents of Astaire and Rogers .
1 This is my all - time favorite Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers film . The dialogue between the two is so cute and funny and very clever . Not to mention this film contains some of the best songs recorded by the two ; like I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket and Let 's Face the Music and Dance . If I remember correctly , this was the film that introduced me to Fred Astaire so I suppose because of that it will always hold a special place in my heart ( sorry for the sentimental cr*p but I 'm woman so get over it)All in all this film gets an 8/10 from me . The choreography was superb and also the fact that Lucille Ball is in it makes it even more awesome .
1 Musically speaking Irving Berlin gave Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers another pluperfect musical after Top Hat if that was possible . Although in this case like that Jerome Kern confection Roberta that they were in , Follow the Fleet retained Randolph Scott with another singer , this time Harriet Hilliard.<br /><br />Randolph Scott is a career Navy CPO and Fred Astaire is an ex - vaudevillian who enlisted in the Navy to forget Ginger Rogers his former partner . But now the two are on shore leave . Fred and Ginger take up right where they left off , and Randy accidentally meets Ginger 's dowdy sister Harriet who blossoms into a real beauty . But Randy 's a typical love 'em and leave 'em sailor . < br /><br />Again Irving Berlin wrote a hit filled score with him tightly supervising the production . Ginger gets to do some really outstanding vocalizing with Let Yourself Go which she and Fred later dance to . But the real hit of the show is Let 's Face the Music and Dance which is a number done at a Navy show . Sung first by Astaire and later danced to by the pair , Let 's Face the Music and Dance is one of the great romantic numbers ever written for the screen . Their dancing on this one is absolute magic.<br /><br />I'm sure that when I mention Harriet Hilliard a few younger people might ask who that was . But they will know immediately when I mention her in conjunction with her famous husband Ozzie Nelson . That 's right Ozzie and Harriet . It 's something of a mystery to me why Harriet stopped singing when she just became David and Ricky 's mom on television . Then again she did n't even keep her own name . < br /><br />Neither Ozzie or Harriet sang on television . Ozzie was a pale imitation of Rudy Vallee as a singer , but Harriet could really carry a tune . She sings Get Thee Behind Me Satan and The Moon and I Are Here , But Where Are You , both with real feeling and class . I recommend you see Follow the Fleet if for no other reason than to hear a dimension of Harriet Hilliard incredibly forgotten today .
1 One of the best of the Fred Astaire and Giner Rogers films . Great music by Irving Berlin . Solid support from Randolph Scott , Harriet Nelson , Lucille Ball , Betty Grable , Frank Jenks , and Astrid Allwyn.<br /><br />Terrific songs include " Let Yourself Go , " " Let 's Face the Music , " and " Putting All My Eggs in One Basket . " The last song is introduced by Astaire playing a jazzy piano and then a cute dance with Rogers . Rogers also sings " Let Yourself Go " with Grable among the backup singers.<br /><br />Harriet Nelson ( then Hilliard ) sings two nice songs and plays Rogers ' mousy sister . " Get Thee Behind Me " is a song that sticks with you for days . She also sings " But Where Are You ? " Snappy and fast paced , this entry in the Astaire - Rogers series is one of the better ones . The classic and amazing beautiful finale , " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " is among the best - known of their numbers . Rogers wears one of the great dresses in movie history .... a shimmering sequined number that swirls around her legs as she dances ( weighted hem ) and is also slightly see through . Just gorgeous . This is the number that Steve Martin and Bernadette Peters re - created in Pennies from Heaven.<br /><br />Randolph Scott seems an odd choice as Astaire 's pal but he also appeared in their Roberta with Irene Dunne . Luckily he does not attempt to sing or dance . It seems that Grable and Ball would have had bigger parts in 1936 but they have a few scenes and make little impact . Allwyn has the bigger role but is only OK.<br /><br />Rogers has one of her best solo numbers in the series with " Let Yourself Go " .... Jazzy and thumping , it 's a great song.<br /><br />Fun all the way , although I got tired of " We Joined the Navy " after the third time ....
1 This is just a great , fun , lovely film . It captures the true essence of the decade and of the people , and tells a beautiful love story of two sisters with two sailors . Though this film may only be in Black and White , it definitely does n't count against it now in modern days . The main basic purpose of the movie is timeless . This movie features great acting , beautiful song and dance numbers , and great design work and film shots . Follow the Fleet is also comical , there are funny moments , moments that will make you laugh , but other moments where the acting just gets you so involved into the storyline . Its amazing how though this movie may be set in a certain decade , how it can affect those today . If you want to see something great , check this out .
1 1936 was the most prolific year for Astaire and Rogers . Their second film for RKO that year is the third film in this collection – Mark Sandrich 's ' Follow The Fleet . ' This time out Astaire is painfully uncomfortable as Bake Baker , a seaman on leave who just happens to stumble into the seedy waterfront café where Sherry Martin ( Rogers ) is warbling romantic sweet nothings in everyone 's ear . Yep , you guessed it – they 're hot for each other once again . Only this time Sherry 's spinster sister , Connie ( Harriet Hillard ) threatens the whole fine romance by falling for Bake 's robust seafaring buddy , Bilge Smith ( Randolph Scott ) ; a sort of use 'em up and toss 'em out kind of guy , thus forcing Sherry to reconsider her opinion of all sailors in general . Irving Berlin lends immeasurable class to the proceedings with his classic , classy score , including standards ' Let Yourself Go ' , ' I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket ' and ' Let 's Face the Music and Dance ; ' the latter a divinely inspired skit about suicide that turns into another immediately recognizable and thoroughly sublime pas deux for Fred and Ginger . < br /><br />The transfer on ' Follow The Fleet ' is a tad weaker . The gray scale remains nicely balanced but now it 's a tad thick looking with not nearly as much tonal variation as the previous titles . Grain is still present . So are age related artifacts . Once you 've settled into to the slightly dense and sometimes more softly focused image quality , the overall impression is more than acceptable for a film of this vintage . The audio is Mono but very nicely balanced . Extras include a featurette , theatrical trailer and short subject , but oddly – no audio commentary . Considering the importance of this film in the overall canon of Astaire / Rogers this is an uncharacteristic oversight from Warner Home Video .
1 One of several musicals about sailors on leave , it is the usual sailor meets girl , complications ensue , sorted out happily kind of plot . It proceeds along smoothly enough but it does drag in places too . The dialogue is not as zippy as ' Top Hat ' for example and Randolph Scott seems out of place.<br /><br />There are compensations . It has some of Irving Berlin 's choicest songs including ' Let Yourself Go ' , ' I 'm Putting all My Eggs in One Basket ' and ' Let 's Face the Music and Dance ' . It has Fred and Ginger who when they are dancing take any film into heavenly heights and they do n't disappoint here . They do a snappy tap dance , a knockabout comic dance and a swirling graceful dance , all in the same film ! Great versatility and artistry.<br /><br />It also has Harriet Hilliard who is rather good in her role . She had a varied career , becoming the more famous Harriet Nelson with Ozzie . Here she is touching without being sentimental . Her two songs are simply and effectively delivered . She makes a good contrast with Ginger but you can believe they are sisters in the film . < br /><br />More tightening up have made the film even better . Pretty good though .
1 Another fun , witty , frothy RKO musical with Astaire and Rogers , FOLLOW THE FLEET is a charming film . While it lacks the stand - out great tunes of SWNG TIME ( although the final number " Face the music and dance " is one of the team 's best and rightfully so ) , it is hugely enjoyable , as these two could virtually do no wrong together in the 1930 's . Once again , the plot is lightweight and forgettable , but watching Fred and Ginger dance together is sheer heaven . These two conveyed more romance and magic in dance than many couples in films do in a huge love scene . While there are better Fred and Ginger musicals , this is certainly a must - see .
1 Definitely one of the lesser of the Astaire / Rogers musicals . It 's just very poorly plotted and paced . It only runs a few minutes longer than Swing Time , for example , but it feels a heck of a lot longer . This is partly due to the secondary romance between Randolph Scott and Harriet Hilliard . Scott is rarely ever interesting . I like Hilliard . She 's sweet , and I love at least one of her songs , " But Where Are You ? " ( " Get Thee Behind Me Satan " , her other number , is a weak leftover from Top Hat , thankfully cut from that masterpiece ) . Follow the Fleet would actually be a bad film if not for at least three brilliant dance sequences between Astaire and Rogers . The dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers . The dance is just fantastic . " I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket " presents the two rehearsing a dance that they do n't quite have perfected yet . Its imperfections make it all the more perfect . And " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " is easily one of Irving Berlin 's best songs . So the film is well worth watching for its great moments .
1 Astaire and Rogers at the height of their popularity . In 1936 Americans thought of the Navy as a place for song and dance . WWII was still a few years away . Fred and Ginger dance up the town.<br /><br />The plot is decent , but who cares ... By the way , notice the cameo roles for Betty Grable and a glamorous Lucile Ball.<br /><br />A load of Irving Berlin songs , including the famous " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " . In that scene , Ginger 's heavy swooping dress smacks Fred in the face during one of her spins and almost knocks him unconscious . Fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless.<br /><br />Ginger once commented that she was a better dancer than Fred , since she had to do all the same moves , in step , and backwards ... <br /><br />Come to think of it , Fred 's voice was nice too . The man was effortless in motion.<br /><br />Here 's a movie to cozy up on the couch with a loved - one , kick off the shoes , and enjoy the entertainment .
1 This was the second of three films that Irving Berlin wrote for the Astaire - Rogers franchise and it has by far the largest score and is somewhat unusual in that two of the numbers are performed by Harriet Hilliard leaving the rest to be divvied and/or shared between the principals . As usual the storyline need n't detain us though for the record it was based on a play , Shore Leave , that also served as the basis for a Broadway Musical , Hit The Deck . Anyone who actually saw Shore Leave in the theatre may have been momentarily bemused inasmuch as the roles played by Fred and Ginger were created for the movie but what matters , as always , is the music , lyrics and hoofing and this is all out of the right bottle . It 's a departure from the other titles in the franchise in that 1 ) we get to see Astaire play the piano - in real life he was an accomplished pianist and composed several songs , one of which , I 'm Building Up To An Awful Let - Down , had a lyric by Johnny Mercer and spent a couple of weeks in the charts - and it is the only one of the series in which he played a serviceman , albeit an ex - hoofer who enlisted in the navy after being dumped by dancing partner Ginger before the story starts . He gets to perform a little - known but excellent Berlin number , I 'd Rather Lead A Band as well as duetting on I 'm Putting All My Eggs In One Basket but the ultimate number is the prophetic - in 1936 rumbles of World War II were already being felt - Let 's Face The Music And Dance , one of the most potent ballads ever performed by the team . So what if Randolph Scott is a little wooden and fish - out - of - water without either a horse or a six - gun within easy reach and Harriet Hilliard does n't exactly set the screen on fire ; we came to see Fred and Ginger and the only question is , do they deliver . Answer : In spades .
1 Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers , Hollywood 's premiere dance team , were usually dressed to the nines and gliding through elaborately exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930 's . However , they go a bit more downscale for this 1936 outing , the fifth of their ten musicals together . This time , Astaire foregoes his top hat , white tie and tails to become a bubblegum - chewing sailor named " Bake " Baker ; and Rogers plays dance hall entertainer Sherry Martin , who was Bake 's partner - dancing and otherwise - before he enlisted . Consequently , unlike the mistaken identity ploys and romantic hesitancies prevalent in most of their previous pairings , they are already a couple from the film 's outset.<br /><br />Directed by Mark Sandrich ( who guided five of their pairings ) , the film bears a narrative similarity to 1935 's " Roberta " in which they are but one of two couples featured in the storyline . In fact , Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films , this time as Bake 's womanizing crewmate , " Bilge " Smith . He is partnered with not Irene Dunne ( who understandably turned down this follow - up ) but Harriet Hilliard . Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet , Hilliard plays Sherry 's spinsterish sister Connie who falls hard for Bilge . In the silly plot , she is given a makeover by a young , bleached blonde Lucille Ball , and there is s classic three - way shot of Hilliard , Ball and a kewpie - doll adorable Betty Grable in front of a mirror.<br /><br />Speaking of the story , what there is of one is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and goes something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on shore leave in San Francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rowdy shipmates . Bake finds Sherry working there , while Bilge runs into Connie first when she comes in as a dowdy spinster and then showing up as a glamour girl . Romance blooms for both couples . Connie and Sherry inherit a steamer from their father , but they need money to keep it afloat . Multiple misunderstandings occur in both relationships , but it all works out when they turn the steamer into a theater and put on a fundraising musical revue . It 's about as silly as it sounds , but it does provide a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire - Rogers dances.<br /><br />The first two are casual in tone - a dance contest set to the percolating " Let Yourself Go " where they show off mercilessly to win and a physical shipboard comedy routine set to the toe - tapping " I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket " . However , their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set to a stunning arrangement of " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " . Intriguingly , this movie contains not only an Astaire dance solo but the only time Rogers ever had a dance solo to herself in one of their movies , an energetic tap routine again set to " Let Yourself Go " . Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit , she also sings the same song most winningly near the beginning of the film.<br /><br />Acting - wise , Astaire and Rogers are in typically zesty comic form here . While Scott plays his role with his trademark cock - eyed virility , Hilliard is an extremely dull presence , and as a former band singer , she performs two Berlin love songs in a frustratingly diffident manner . Regardless , the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their prime make this essential viewing . The 2005 DVD has several good extras beginning with a thirteen - minute featurette , " Follow the Fleet : The Origins of Those Dancing Feet , " about how Astaire and Rogers started to work together . There is also a live - action " soundie " called " Melody Master : Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra " , a poultry - themed cartoon called " Let It Be Me , " and the original theatrical trailer .
1 From a modern sensibility , it 's sometimes hard to watch older films . It 's annoying to have to watch the stereotypical wallflower librarian have to take off her glasses and become pretty and stupid to win a man . Especially such a shallow and inconstant man . He 's obviously a player ( I would n't trust him to stay true to her ) who does n't want to settle down , who only looks at dumb attractive women and always calls them " baby " ( ick ! ) . Even after she totally changes her appearance and her life for him , he only goes to her after he 's ( supposedly ) rejected by another woman and learns that Connie spent all her money renovating a boat for him . I wanted her to stand up to him , not pathetically chase after him ! His sudden conversion within a few minutes was totally unrealistic and did not work for me.<br /><br />Apart from that subplot , I did like the movie . How can you not like sailors dancing with each other ? ! ( You can tell they were from San Francisco .... ;D ) The " rehearsal " dance was great , watching Ginger Rogers purposefully fall in and out of the " correct steps " was great . The last dance scene " Face the Music " with the beautiful costumes and the art deco set was beautiful . And I really enjoyed " We Saw the Sea " ( though they did use it a few too many times , as if they realized it was their best song ) . < br /><br />Anyway , the plot was a bit weak , like most musicals ( IMO ) - and the songs were OK , but the dancing was worth watching the film for . I wish they could have showed some shots of San Francisco since that was were the film was supposedly set.<br /><br />It 's also weird to see such a lighthearted naval film with the knowledge of what Hitler was already doing at that time . I have to try to suspend all knowledge to submerge myself into a made up fantasy land .
1 This really is a great movie . Some of the songs have become immortal classics and the dancing by Fred and Ginger is among their best ever . But basically , all of Fred and Ginger 's movies are the same . After the singing and dancing is over , it 's the other characters in the movie who make the movie work . What really bothers me is why all the negative comments about Randolph Scott ? His romance with Harriet Hilliard and the sub plot of the movie is the reason why I watch this over and over again . He adds to this movie , he does n't detract from it . He has a winning personality and a great smile . Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list . It 's great to see him as something other than a cowboy . OK , so he is n't really a great actor , but like so many other stars : Errol Flynn , Alan Ladd , Victor Mature , etc . he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions . All of Fred and Ginger 's movies had sub plots that depended on other actors to fill in the space between the musical numbers , otherwise the movie would have to be shortened by about a half hour . I just wish more people would appreciate Randy and I felt a need to stand up for him .
1 Had this film been put together a tad better , it would be up there with the best of Astaire and Rogers . As it is , it 's a fine movie but overly long with a tedious subplot , i.e. , Randolph Scott romancing Rogers ' sister , played by Harriet Hilliard ( that 's Ozzie Nelson 's wife to you baby boomers).<br /><br />Astaire and Scott are two Navy men . Scott meets Hilliard the first time when she looks like a stereotypical librarian , and later on after Ginger Rogers has asked her friend ( a blond but unmistakable Lucille Ball ) to glamor her up . Meanwhile , Astaire tries to pick up where he and his old dancing partner left off . The result is some wonderful dance numbers , with Astaire and Rogers as a team as well as separately : " I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket , " " Let Yourself Go , " and " I 'd Rather Lead the Band . " Hilliard is sweet but a little lethargic as a plain Jane turned glamor girl , although she sings her two songs well , " But Where Are You ? " and " Get Thee Behind Me , Satan " - one poster did n't care for that song , but I love the title . Rogers is vivacious , and a youthful Astaire is a dynamo.<br /><br />The highlight of the movie comes at the end with " Let 's Face the Music and Dance , " one of the most achingly beautiful songs ever written and certainly one of the most brilliantly executed by Rogers and Astaire . In it , they epitomize ' 30s glamor and fantasy . It is truly to be treasured and watched again and again .
1 Throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each time I see this movie . Never seem to tire of it . Fred and Ginger are always a pleasure to watch . Seeing " Lucy " and Betty Grable before they hit the big time , is fun to watch .
1 What an entertaining movie . Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy . Astaire has to woo back Ginger in San Francisco , while Scott must be persuaded that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife . Everything works out fine.<br /><br />It 's sometimes argued , and I can see why , that Scott 's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows the plot down . Especially painful are Hilliard 's singing of sappy love songs . I could have done without her singing , right enough , but I found the romance rather touching . Hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher , wearing a pair of spectacles , no makeup , and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast . No wonder Scott avoids her until she grooms herself sexily under the tutelage of her sister Ginger and a slinky Lucille Ball . The problem is that AFTER her makeover she looks like the same irretrievably plain woman as before , only with a glossier outfit . It 's tough enough for a homely guy . But at least a man can become wealthy and powerful and popular , then he can collect women anyway , even if he looks like JoJo the Dog - Faced Boy . But what does a plain - looking woman do ? The same avenues to romance are n't open to her . Henry Kissinger had groupies . Did Margaret Thatcher ? It must be terrible to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours . As a kind of a footnote , I must mention that Randolph Scott was rumored to be bisexual by Hollywood gossips who needed some nonsense to chew on , and it 's kind of amusing that he has the following line in this film when he 's putting homely Hilliard off -- " Women do n't interest me , sister . " The movie probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any of her other films with Astaire . And she 's marvelous . She 's beautiful , sexy , a talented actress and dancer , and the script gives her good comic lines too . " Let 's kiss and make up , " suggests Astaire . " Let 's just make up , " she says , " that will give you something to work on . " It 's also the only film she made with Astaire that gives her a solo number during an audition . ( Choreographed by Hermes Pan . ) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire who slips some Alka Seltzer or something into her water , and she hiccups through her number , burping being too indelicate for the time.<br /><br />As a dancer , I 'd make a terrific circus elephant so my opinion must be taken as that of an amateur , but I think their dances together are the equal of any they put on film . Their first , during a dancing contest , " Let Yourself Go , " is the most wildly exuberant of any I can remember . And the only dramatic duet , " Let 's Face the Music and Dance , " must be among their finest . The last step as they exit is startling.<br /><br />I like the film for reasons with personal resonance . I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego , next to a shop called " The Seven Seas " that catered to sailors . I was in uniform at the time and was impressed with the treatment of the naval careers of Astaire and Scott . What I mean is , here we have this frothy musical comedy which owed absolutely nothing to historical reality , and yet , unlike most of their other teamings , pays its dues anyway . Jumping ship , Astaire calls out for a " water taxi . " I had just taken a water taxi ashore myself . The uniforms are correct to the period ( unlike , say , those in " On the Town " ) . And they 're worn properly , hats down to two finger - widths above the eyebrow and not cocked back . And there are two incidents in which Astaire runs into a problem with naval authorities and they 're both handled with perfect seriousness and are thoroughly believable . An officer stops Astaire from leading a jazz band during inspection and reports to the captain , " They were playing when the call was sounded , sir . I 'm certain no breach of discipline was intended . " It 's what an officer -- a good officer -- would say , and nobody laughs.<br /><br />The series was getting a little repetitious by the time " Follow the Fleet " was made so instead of putting Fred into high society and a tuxedo , they turned him into a gum - chewing swabbie instead . It was a good idea . And the dance numbers are up to the concept .
1 79/100 . Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers never made anything but great films together . Although this is not one of their best , it is an excellent musical . There are a few outstanding musical numbers , good support from Randolph Scott . Two notable appearances , Betty Grable and Lucille Ball make memorable early screen performances . Ball is particularly good , and a blonde as well . The " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " is one of the musical duo 's best numbers ever . Harriet Hilliard , better know as Harriet Nelson of " Ozzie and Harriet " plays Ginger Roger 's sister . The basic plot is pretty familiar , but with a cast this exceptional , it works . Excellent art direction and score .
1 Follow the Fleet , an RKO production in 1936 , stars Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy . Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have had many similar romantic movies together , RKO helped them to once again create a worth - while storyline that incorporates relevant situations to society at the time it was made . The narrative of Follow the Fleet relies heavily on the use of layered story lines between the two sets of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy.<br /><br />The general plot of the movie revolves around Bake Baker , a Sailor in the U.S. Navy played by Fred Astaire , and Sherry Martin , Bake 's former love and dance partner who is now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers . Their story begins when Bake is on the ship and his shipmate Bilge Smith finds a photo of the two of them together , and Bake reveals that the last time he saw her he had asked her to marry him , so Bilge suggests that they try and meet up with her when they are on land , in hopes that she might have a friend . < br /><br />The next major scene begins the second plot of the movie when Connie Martin , Sherry 's sister , is refused entry into Paradise where her sister works unless she is escorted by a gentleman . She turns around to find Bilge behind her with a bag full of beverages , so she plays it off like she was waiting on him and buys his entrance into Paradise as well . Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can not have the luck Sherry does with men , so Sherry suggests she get a makeover from her friends while she is performing on stage . Connie gets made over , and enters the ballroom once again , and approaches Bilge again , who is awestruck by the sight of her . This commences the second romantic storyline between Bilge and Connie.<br /><br />Throughout the remainder of the movie the story and rising actions are transitioned between altering comedic reliefs of the two couples ' troubles that create several mini rising and falling actions within the overall plot . Bake and Sherry hit it off their first moments together as they compete in a dance competition and end up winning it , reminding them of the success and pleasure the two have when they are together . Similarly , Bilge is able to swoon Connie through his romantic attempts of pleasing her , and they retire to her house . < br /><br />This series of happy events is soon followed by unsettling measures that brings the rising action back down . Bake left Sherry the previous night to retire to the ship before midnight , and told her that he would come for her in the morning . Unfortunately the ship sets course after the shipmates have returned , upsetting Sherry and leaving her to think Bake was still being a typical sailor looking for a good time when he 's on land . < br /><br />The mood is again changed as another subplot is entered into the film when a " party of big shots " is taking a tour of the ship . This alternate storyline is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main relationships of the film , as well as help build confidence and fondness of Bake 's overall good intentions . The party is interrupted by the oblivious music playing coming from Bake and his companions when they missed the sounding to report on deck for the company . The ladies are intrigued and ask to hear them play , and Bake gladly begins to entertain them with some dancing , which ultimately helps brighten the mood of the film , as well as bring happiness to the sailors . < br /><br />After returning to the couple 's intertwined stories , Sherry is trying to prove to Bake that she does not need his help with landing a job . Unfortunately Bake is unaware that she is auditioning , and goes to put in a good word for Sherry when he overhears his friend at the studio talking about the remarkable lady auditioning . Bake takes it upon himself to help Sherry out by tampering with her water , making her unable to sing correctly and destroying her audition . In addition to Bake 's mistake , Connie spent all of her money to repair a ship that she was hoping Bilge would take over as captain . She had also planned a remarkable dinner date for him when he was supposed to come over , but Bilge was aware of her intentions and hopes of soon marrying and was no longer interested , so he stood her up . < br /><br />The remainder of the movie continues in the same format of mini rising and falling actions until the climactic point is reached between the two couples , ending the movie with the happiness of both couples . The use of the altering stories helps to build interest and emotion within each couple as they deal with both happiness and pain through each of their struggles . The intertwining stories are also able to relate with one another , as well as incorporate other unrelated subplots to help carry the narrative through to the concluding scenes . < br /><br />Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have countless films together that incorporate romance , comedy , song , and dance , Follow the Fleet is a unique film for the two actors that successfully use the technique of subplots to aid the narrative between the two main characters .
1 If Hollywood is to be believed , being in the the Navy is nothing but a bludge . Though the sailors may complain in chorus about the monotony of the ocean , it seems that their oceanic duties are completely non - existent , and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dancing classes to a fleet of would - be romantics . Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers . Mark Sandrich 's previous film , ' Top Hat ( 1935 ) , ' completely ignored the Great Depression that was then bringing America to its knees , and presented audiences with a glittering world of the rich and famous ; it was the film 's optimistic outlook on life that perhaps contributed to its success . Likewise , here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a Naval officer is difficult and draining , and instead substitutes the duties of a sailor with an assortment of catchy lightweight musical numbers.<br /><br />"Bake " Baker ( Astaire ) and Sherry Martin ( Rogers ) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship fell apart after the latter rejected a marriage proposal . After Bake returns from several years of duty in the Navy , he finds Sherry as dance hostess in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom . While the two former lovers alternately attempt to woo and rebuff each other , Sherry 's plain , music - teacher sister ( Harriet Hilliard , looking really quite pretty ) receives a complete makeover and tries to charm superficial sailor Bilge " Bilgey " Smith ( Randolph Scott ) . There are plenty of the usual screwball comedy shenanigans , a few moments of mistaken identity , and even a hilarious trained monkey that steals every scene it 's in . Particularly amusing is the scene in which Bake sabotages a performer 's audition in order to create a window for his estranged girl ; unluckily for both of them , it is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks the bicarbonate of soda and loses her ability to sing.<br /><br />'Follow the Fleet ( 1936 ) ' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers , and the third ( of five ) in which Sandrich directed the pair . Irving Berlin provided the film 's music and lyrics , and each musical number is enjoyably lighthearted and entertaining , even if they are n't quite as memorable as those in ' Top Hat ( 1935 ) , ' ' Swing Time ( 1936 ) ' or ' Shall We Dance ( 1937 ) . ' Astaire attempts to break free from his typical rich - man - about - town persona , without much success , but it 's hard to imagine the performer without the boyish carefree charm that could only accompany being considerably wealthy . The side - plot of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars , and Harriet Hilliard ( wearing a brunette wig to avoid clashing with Ginger 's blonde hair ) has a couple of emotional solo numbers , including " Get Thee Behind Me Satan , " which was originally written for ' Top Hat . '
1 While I am not a big fan of musicals , I have loved the films of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers because they are just so much fun . Sure , they can be a bit formulaic , but even though you KNOW what is going to happen , they still are very pleasing to watch . However , despite this , I was a bit disappointed in this outing . Part of it was because this film does n't have the wonderful supporting cast like you saw in TOP HAT or SHALL WE DANCE . Without Edward Everett Horton or Eric Blore , the film seems to be a bit lacking -- especially in the " fun " department . The silly antics of these supporting actors gave the other films charm that you just do n't get with FOLLOW THE FLEET . In addition , unlike the usual character played by Astaire , this one is more of a jerk -- as his fat head gets Rogers into trouble again and again . And , as a result , it 's a lot harder to like him or want to see them get together in the end of the film . Plus , although the music is by Irving Berlin , the songs just do n't seem as memorable . In fact , none of the songs were all that special and I ca n't recall any of them even though I just saw the movie . While this is still a cute and worthwhile film , it just lacks the sparkle and magic of some of their other films . Good but far from great .
1 Plot is never the strong point of a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie , but " Follow the Fleet " 's screenplay is exceptionally mediocre . Fred and Ginger still come off all right -- they play " Bake " Baker and Sherry Martin , dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined the Navy . When they meet again , their love - hate relationship generates some entertaining comic moments . But for much of the movie , they take a backseat to a tedious subplot about Sherry 's sister Connie ( Harriet Hilliard ) , her love for sailor Bilge Smith ( Randolph Scott ) , Bilge 's dalliance with another woman , and an old schooner that Connie inherited from her father . Though Hilliard is rather charming , this plot is uninteresting.<br /><br />But at the same time , " Follow the Fleet " is blessed with an exceptional Irving Berlin score that gives the stars plenty of chances to show off their talents . Astaire gets two good solos with " We Saw the Sea " and " I 'd Rather Lead a Band . " He sings expressively and , of course , dances electrifyingly -- and the sailor suit makes him look a little more boyish and athletic than usual . Rogers sings the catchy " Let Yourself Go " and later does a solo tap - dance to the same tune . < br /><br />The three duets really save the film , even though they 're all shoehorned into the plot with silly excuses . Fred and Ginger win a dance contest by doing an energetic routine to another reprise of " Let Yourself Go " . Later , they sing and dance " I 'm Putting All My Eggs in One Basket " as if it were an early rehearsal of the number , flubbing the choreography to comic effect . At the end , the movie finally figures out how to get Fred and Ginger in evening clothes for a romantic duet -- it makes it part of a show - within - the - show . The situation is contrived , but the song , " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " , is one of the most sinuously beautiful things Berlin ever wrote ( it 's reminiscent of Cole Porter ) , and the dancing matches it in elegance . Quintessential Astaire and Rogers.<br /><br />It would be a chore to sit through most of the dialogue sections of " Follow the Fleet " again , and , in fact , it 's not necessary , because the plot rarely propels the musical numbers . But I could watch the songs over and over .
1 Of course , the story line for this movie is n't the best , but the dances are wonderful . This story line is different from other Astaire - Rogers movies in that neither one is " chasing " the other . The dancing of Fred and Ginger is what makes this movie .
1 I have a deep liking for this film despite it appearing deliberately less ' polished ' than the other Fred and Ginger films , not to mention the slightly problematic casting of Harriet Hillard in the lead romantic role . < br /><br />Once again with these films , the plot is of a minor consequence - Astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor ( who happens to be a brilliant former hoofer ( of course ! ) ) and Rogers an aspiring performer in a seedy dime - a - dance music hall . Although their relationship is bright and fun to watch , they are bogged down by an un - involving main story of Hilliard and Randolph Scott not succeeding in finding any chemistry between them . < br /><br />Although it was a last minute decision , Hilliard was rather miscast in this as she does n't have the screen presence to give this film what it needs despite being sweet and likable throughout . The film may have benefited in promoting Lucille Ball 's wise - cracking worldy brassy character to a larger role as she simply shined in every small scene , and would have made a great Helen Broderick - type side - kick to Rogers in this kind of bright film ( See ' Stage Door ' , made the following year , for an example of wonderful scenes between these two fantastic actresses ) . That Scott 's one - dimensional Neanderthal character eventually falls in love with Hilliard 's is even harder to believe than Astaire being in the Navy ! < br /><br />Now onto the important part , the singing and dancing : Nothing more can be said about " Let 's Face the Music and Dance " other than it is brilliant and moving and perfectly executed and I often finish watching that scene with tears in my eyes . However other songs in the film deserve some recognition as well ; " I 'm putting all my Eggs in One Basket " is a lovely example of the comedic instincts of Astaire and Rogers , and almost pokes fun at their reputation of bursting into spontaneous , perfectly synchronized dancing . Other highlights are " I 'd Rather Lead the Band " and " Let Yourself Go " which show how these two talents could perform as brilliantly alone as together . I nearly forgot to mention that this is one of the few ( if not the only ) time we see Astaire brilliantly play on the piano ; It seems this man 's talents were endless!<br /><br />Overall , I actually prefer this to ' Top Hat ' and ' Swing Time ' ( although only just ) , as it is more earthy and performed so enthusiastically by all involved , it is hard to dislike the fun factor .
1 Fleet was released in 1936 during the middle of the depression when people were having a tough time worldwide finding jobs or even finding food to put on the table . In Europe Hitler was on the rise , along with other nationalist/ socialist whackjobs . In the United States seeds of the Cartel sown with the Federal Reserve Act and the income tax amendment ( 16 ) were beginning to bear fruit for connected finance capitalists and their dominating secret societies . < br /><br />For the average guy and girl , times were tough . Enter Hollywood with at least some hopeful images—I do n't think we can properly call them propaganda at this point , even though this particular movie revolves around war - preparatory naval exercises . The real issue for boys and girls then , as now , was how to hook up with the right one , lead a decent life , have wonderful children , with a modicum of grace and elegance . < br /><br />The odds were long . < br /><br /> ... <br /><br />For my complete review of this movie and for other movie and book reviews , please visit my site TheCoffeeCoaster.com.<br /><br />Brian Wright Copyright 2007
1 Fay Grim is , on its face , a tale of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink . As the sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool , Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hardboiled spy thriller that starts with a knowing smile and large dose of laughter and turns as poignant and warm as any film I 've seen this year.<br /><br />Parkey Posey is Fay Grim , an unwitting Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a charming CIA operative . As Agent Fulbright , Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm , in a role that seems tailored to his talents . He has never been better . James Urbaniak is Fay 's brother Simon , jailed but renowned for his wildly popular books of poetry . His love of his work and his sister brings a jolt of passion to contrast the dour nature of the spies which eventually populate Fay 's world . And Liam Aiken is Fay 's oversexed 14 year - old son . Although that may be redundant . Aiken 's understated style is remarkably " old soul " for someone his age.<br /><br />The entire film is shot Dutch angle , the off - kilter style made famous by Orson Welles and used primarily in horror films and psychological thrillers to impart a sense of foreboding . In Fay Grim , using that style from opening credits to closing is intriguing at first , deceptively clever the next . For just as the viewer begins to fall for the perfectly timed comedic elements and wit of Hartley 's brilliant script , something happens . The film takes a dark yet strangely comforting turn as these characters magically become sympathetic before our eyes . What began as dark comedy morphs into romantic drama , and the transition is masterful . Slow pacing gives way to breathtaking action , and we are sucked right into the vortex.<br /><br />In the end , Hartley 's sharp dialog combined with the amazing performances of a perfectly matched ensemble cast makes for a delicious cinematic cocktail . Told with the luxury of one able to write , produce , direct , edit , and even compose the music , Hal Hartley has crafted a smart , sexy tale of espionage with tongue just barely planted in cheek . Fay Grim is one part Dashiell Hammett , one part Raymond Chandler , and one part Ian Fleming , shaken and maybe stirred as well .
1 When I first heard that Hal Hartley was doing a sequel to Henry Fool , I was excited ( it 's been a personal favorite for years now ) , and then wary when I heard it had something to do with terrorism . Having just seen it though , I was surprised to find that it worked , while still being an entirely different sort of movie than Henry Fool . The writing and direction were both dead on and the acting was superb ... especial kudos go to Hartley for reassembling virtually the whole cast , right down to Henry 's son , who was only four in the original . Like I said though , this movie is quite different from the first , but it works : I reconciled myself with the change in tone and subject matter to the fact that 10 years have passed and the characters would have found themselves in very different situations since the first film ended . In this case , an unexpected adventure ensues ... and that 's about all I 'll give away ... not to mention the fact that I 'll need to see it again to really understand what 's going on and who 's double crossing who . While it was certainly one of the better movies I 've seen in some time , it suffers like many sequels with its ending , as it appears that Hartley is planning a third now and the film leaves you hanging . I 'll be sure to buy my tickets for part 3 ( ' Henry Grim ' ? ) in 2017 .
1 The 1997 low - key indie dramedy Henry Fool would seemingly have been a secure choice of movies no one would bother to revisit for a sequel . A rumpled , dissipated drifter ( Thomas Jay Ryan ) strolls into town . His anarchistic rantings and delusions inspire a nerdy garbage collector ( James Urbaniak ) to write poems , while Henry half - heartedly tries to boink the guy 's sister ( Parker Posey ) . As the poet prospers , Henry declines . Nothing special about any of the characters or the story . A pitch for Harold and Maude 's Ghost would have been quoted higher odds of ever making it to a screen.<br /><br />But Parker Posey ai n't the semi - official Queen of the Indies for nothing ' . So when writer / director Hal Hartley came up with a new incarnation for his cast , a film was born . Though we catch up with the same characters many years , they 're in a completely different sort of dark comedy ; this one 's laced with espionage ! Henry may have been an international spy - and possible double , or even triple , agent - for years before meeting the others . He 's either dead or in hiding from agents and authorities of many countries . Everyone wants his rambling , incoherent journal which just may contain coded secrets that could destabilize nations and economies . Posey 's Fay is either the wife he left to go on the lam , or his widow , depending on who 's telling the truth . Fay 's efforts to find Henry and/or the hotly - contested journals include a globe - trotting gauntlet of multinational hit - persons and henchmen at every turn . She never knows who to believe or trust . Nor do we.<br /><br />While herding these unlikely characters into Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan territory , Hartley 's script retains the ironic deadpan humor of their first appearance , steering clear of slapstick in exposing them to physical menaces . His sly lampoon of the paranoia , duplicity and musical - chairs alliances of today 's geopolitics starts to crumble towards the end . Even so , fans of the first movie will be pleasantly surprised by the novelty of Hartley 's recycling methods . ( 5/18/07 )
1 I just saw this film @ TIFF ( Toronto International Film Festival ) . Fans of Hal Hartley will not be disappointed ! ! And if you are not familiar with this director 's oeuvre ... does n't matter . This film can definitely stand all on its own . I have to go the second screening ... it was amazing I need to see it again -- and fast ! ! < br /><br />This film is very funny . It 's dialogue is very smart , and the performance of Parker Posey is outstanding as she stars in the title role of Fay Grim . Fay Grim is the latest feature revisiting the world and characters introduced in the film Henry Fool ( 2000 ) . Visually , the most salient stylistic feature employs the habitual use of the canted ( or dutch ) angle , which can be often seen in past Hartley works appearing in various shorts , available in the Possible Films : short works by Hal Hartley 1994 - 2004 collection , and in The Girl from Monday ( 2005).<br /><br />I viewed this film most aptly on Sept 11th . Textually , Fay Grim 's adventure in this story is backdropped against the changed world after September 11 , 2001 . Without going into major spoilers , I view this work , and story - world as a bravely political and original portrait of geo - politics that is rarely , if ever , foregrounded in mainstream fictional cinema post-911 heretofore ( cf . Syrianna : of side note - Mark Cuban Exec . Prod in both these films ... most interesting , to say the least ) . < br /><br />Lastly , for those closely attached to the characters of Henry Fool , Simone , Fay and Henry this film is hilariously self - conscious and self - referential . That being said , the character of Fay Grimm starts off in the film , exactly where she was when Henry Fool ended , but by the end of the film ... Fay 's knowledge and experience has total changed and expanded over the course of the narrative . What can be in store for the future of Fay and the Fool family ... ? ? I ca n't wait for the third part in this story !
1 I 'm an admirer of Hal Hartley 's films , especially 1997 's " Henry Fool . " " Fay Grim " is a sequel to that film , and has a similar style and sense of humor . The plot , however , is completely different . Fay Grim ( played brilliantly by the iconic Parker Posey ) tries to track down her missing husband 's notebooks , and finds herself amid conspiracies and espionage . The supporting cast ( most of the folks from the first film as well as Jeff Goldblum , Saffron Burrows , and a much - welcomed return from 90s indie - darling Elina Lowensohn ) is excellent and the film has lots of surprises . The director claims this is part of a " Star Wars "- like trilogy , serving as the " Empire Strikes Back " of the series If this is true , I ca n't wait to see the third installment ! I just hope I do n't have to wait 10 more years for it .
1 Convoluted , infuriating and implausible , Fay Grim is hard to sit through but Parker Posey is really the only actress who could take this story and run with it . She 's at once touching , funny , cunning . The supporting actors commit to it as well.<br /><br />I wo nt even try to tell you the plot .. It involves characters from Hartley 's Henry Fool and attempts a tale of international espionage.<br /><br />The film works well if you continue along with it - understanding it is . in a sense , completely ridiculous . It becomes more and more ridiculous as you plod along . ( I resisted the temptation to turn off the DVD twice).<br /><br />Fay Grim requires an adventurous film - goer willing to tackle something that is n't cookie - cutter . In the end , it offers something that defies description .
1 Perhaps I would have liked this film more if I was n't so attached to the characters in Henry Fool . To those who 've never seen Henry Fool , I would n't worry . As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF , the film has lots of exposition and explanations.<br /><br />This film is very heavy in plot , which keeps the film moving . There are many humorous moments and the film certainly has Hartley 's trademark humour and rhythm of dialogue . Over all , a technically well made film and sure to satisfy new fans of Hartley who are just beginning explore his work . As for the older fans who loved his earlier works like Trust and Amateur , this film could go either way . I have mixed feelings about the film and Hartley 's later films in general . What Hartley does best is setting his stories in small situations , focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other . Since his late 90s and onward , his films have widened in scope in terms of subject matter . Mass media in No Such Thing , Religion in the Book of Life and now Terrorism in Fay Grim . I do n't know if Hartley 's talents are suited to such big subject matter or if he 's able to do it justice.<br /><br />Strangely enough , the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships , a simple love story about a woman who goes to seek out the husband she loves . The only problem is , I 've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly out of character in this film . You can tell this film was written long after Henry Fool was finished without any intention of a sequel . Somehow , the terrorist plot feels conveniently tacked on through the use of Henry 's books of confessions as a macguffin ( in the hitchcockian sense ) . Fay 's motivations for finding Henry seemed motivated purely by the needs of the plot rather than what being faithful to who fay was as person in Henry Fool.<br /><br />I guess I 'm slightly disappointed in the film because it 's not true to the characters in the Henry Fool and it does n't exactly work as a straight ahead thriller . There 's too much irony and wryness in Hartley 's approach to such as big topic as terrorism . It somehow works and does n't work at the same time . All I could say , you would either love or hate the film depending on your take on Hartley 's work and how well you know Hartley 's work . Fans of Henry Fool , be severely warned for a disappointment . For the rest , welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the ride .
1 A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels . Parker Posey plays Fay Grim as a sexy , vulnerable , loving mother who may or may not be what she seems . The story is very tongue in cheek , and the dialog skillfully understated . Hints of humor and intrigue , neither of which overpower the characterization Posey pulls off so well . The supporting cast is stellar . The downside ? This film needs your full attention , almost to the point of stopping the film and taking notes . Posey has more sex appeal in her lifting of an eyebrow than most actresses have in their entire body . She 's worth your time , even if you do n't understand the denouement .
1 When I started watching " Fay Grim " , I had no idea that it was a sequel to " Henry Fool " . Now , the latter was not a movie that I envisioned as having a sequel . But one has arrived , and it 's quite good . I assume that you 've seen the original , so I wo n't explain it . This one starts with Fay ( Parker Posey ) living with her son whom she had with deadbeat Henry ( Thomas Jay Ryan ) . Simon ( James Urbaniak ) is still in jail . One day , the son gets expelled for bringing a pornographic toy to school . But this is no ordinary toy . It holds a secret that explains much of what happened in the first movie . And this secret delves deeper into geopolitics than " Syriana".<br /><br />I must say that I 'm quite impressed with what Hal Hartley has accomplished here . Maybe this one does n't quite reach the original 's quality , but it certainly takes a good look at what 's going on in the world . And the end leaves open the possibility for another sequel.<br /><br />Also starring Jeff Goldblum .
1 Hal Hartley 's Henry Fool was an independent film masterpiece and certainly his best work . It has immense character depth , subtle , complicated dialogue , and an excellent , emotional ending which captivates . I remember pausing it several times during my first viewing to absorb what I was seeing and feeling . Henry Fool was a complete movie from start to finish , and needed no sequel.<br /><br />Thus I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim . Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film and seemed to exist more as the troubling imposition of real - world vanity and ignorance for her brother Simon to be forced to deal with as he matures . In her own movie , Fay matures herself , though her maturity takes a very different road . Simon went from near autistic isolation to a merely somewhat - introverted genius . Fay starts her adult journey as an immature , utterly normal , spoiled child and responds to the onslaught of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature , utterly normal , experienced adult who holds no advantages . She deals with problems the way any human does , with determination , a little thought , and weary disdain . While Simon learned to control his mind , Fay learns to control her emotion.<br /><br />The movie contains several fondly remembered elements of its prequel , but differs vastly in tone for most of the film . Henry fool showed you a harsh , boring , ignorant world which contrasted with Simon 's inner passion and creativity . In Fay Grim , the world is a lively , crazy , emotional place which shows the silliness of her young life , and through contrast unearths the inner wise woman which had not been previously developed or nurtured by her similarly weak mother.<br /><br />The movie is in two parts , the first dealing with the beginning of Fay 's struggle and subsequent hardening due to authoritarian hostility , and the second dealing with her battle to soften only just enough to regain Henry . At first , fans of Henry Fool may find themselves wondering how the movie can even be considered a sequel , and thinking it is profane to follow such an intense film with spy game antics and physical comedy . But this is where the subtlety of Fay Grim lies . The sequel is about Fay 's journey , and as I said before , hers is one of finding the life - giving sanity in chaos , not the creative chaos in staid order . Parker Posey is an excellent actress who captures Hal Hartley 's tongue in cheek humor perfectly . Elina Löwensohn perhaps eclipses her in emotional commitment to the role , allowing Parker to play both straight man and comic against the lively , stage - like comedy happening around her.<br /><br />With the entrance of Henry into the picture , the movie begins to take a sobering turn . Hal Hartley 's movies are all plays , and every play must come full circle . By the end , you are shown Fay 's newly developed character and integrity are the offspring of her time with the fatally intense Henry , whose piercing honesty and unique passion lights a spark in anyone he meets.<br /><br />Fay Grim is an excellent movie which does not surpass Henry Fool , but shows through Hal 's range that the nuances of his art are the proof of his genius.<br /><br />Honestly , I think anyone who bashes this movie not only missed the point by a mile ( and especially the subtlety in Parker Posey 's acting ) , but could not have been much interested the movie Henry Fool .
1 Henry Fool is a better film . But this is the perfect way to follow - up a film like ' Henry Fool . ' To take Henry very seriously , his ' lies ' and his mysterious aura . Even the opening shot of ' Henry Fool ' when Simon puts his ear to the ground as Henry comes walking over the hill is more fully manifest through ' Fay Grim . ' The over - the - top jokes , that are more or less meta - jokes ( about the writing of the film and the jokes themselves ) , are good but the opening of the film is a little saturated in them . Also Hartley 's use of Dutch angles throughout the film is jarring , yes , it 's intention , but it feels forced and over - used , it goes beyond jarring to , what I 'd like to call , annoying . It 's a flawed film , but a must see for any Hartley or ' Henry Fool ' fan . < br /><br />And do n't listen to stupid reviews , do n't watch this unless you 've seen the first film . The intrigue , satire and wit of this movie is totally lost if you have n't seen Henry Fool . It 's a sequel . That 's just dumb .
1 As someone who has seen and followed Hartley 's public work for several years I think much of what used to be fiction told through true stories has been elevated into obscure philosophical mind games.<br /><br />While entertaining , Fay Grim is another step in the Henry Fool line of thinking , where the movie reflects the quality of an object within the movie itself . In Henry Fool , the object is the memoirs ... In Fay Grim , the object is encrypted memoirs - which are themselves stolen , forged and trans - mutated into something so obscure it ca n't really make any sense - i.e. the process of script writing and film - making in the modern era - where most blockbuster films are little more than a mash - up of the past . That is , in a philosophical sense , what Fay Grim is all about . The object , perhaps , is the tragedy that shock is now cliché and dull ( as hinted in the opening scenes at the publishers office).<br /><br />That being said , many of the movie best points are lost if you do not understand Henry 's character and the significance of the memoirs being looked for . Henry is a thinly veiled devil , first visiting Simon as a modern Faust , etc . Without understanding how tragic Henry 's character is , much of the quality of Fay Grim 's plot and story is lost.<br /><br />And there is not enough ' detail ' expressed through verbal flashbacks - knowing the plot of Henry Fool can not compare to ' feeling ' the quality of the characters as one did in Henry Fool , and so I think for someone who walks into this movie cold there is about 10 minutes of ' so what ' responses to highly constructed dialog and then that 's it.<br /><br />However , Henry Fool was also my least favorite Hartley film until I realized that it was bad - putrid and infested - precisely because Henry Fool 's confessions were bad ... not just raunchy or dirty , but inescapably broken . Henry can not even be a proper villain - and this is perhaps the tragic flaw that makes him most endearing ... like Gollum in Tolkien 's works , Henry is pitiable.<br /><br />That does n't come across in Fay Grim , although Henry 's dialog is excellent . What does come across is that the entire movie is constructed as an encryption - a sort of molding of another plot around what ends up being yet another bad story to add to henry 's confessions . It is an interesting twist , but one that ca n't really be digested without viewing the first film . Perhaps showing more of Henry earlier on would have been better than having the publisher describe the basic storyline of the first movie - although this plot is also not really what the first movie was about - unless perhaps one is a casual observer.<br /><br />Part of the encryption ? Hard to say ... a little disappointed at the sex gimmicks though . Cheesy .
1 I 'm one of those people who 'd crawl a mile through broken glass to see a Hal Hartley film . From TRUST and IRIS to HENRY FOOL and ( my Hartley favorite ) NO SUCH THING , Hal 's unique brand of movies are an acquired taste . Infusing equal parts mystery / espionage with wispy comedy seems to be his forte . The comedy is n't in your face necessarily , and often runs throughout an entire scene before coming to fruition . And that 's the case with FAY GRIM , the sequel to Henry Fool.<br /><br />Parker Posey stars as Fay Grim , abandoned wife of Henry Fool and mother to Henry 's only son Ned . Fay lives a quiet life until she comes home one day to find a CIA agent in her kitchen . His name is Fulbright ( Jeff Goldblum , MAN OF THE YEAR ) and he wants Henry 's notebooks . There are many Henry Fool notebooks and they were all previously believed to contain nothing but mad wanderings . Apparently there 's much more to them . Secrets weapons research or paths to terrorists ? Who knows but Henry . Agent Fulbright tells Fay that her husband is dead but this is quickly surmised as a ruse to get Fay out of her home and searching for Henry ( and it works ... but not the way they think).<br /><br />Fay battles multiple spy rings to gather Henry 's notebooks and to seek him out . She also makes a deal with the CIA to get her brother Simon ( James Urbaniak ) out of prison ( he 'd helped Henry escape the country in the original Henry Fool film . ) Multiple overlapping events occur in rapid succession : spy rings shoot each other to death , Henry is discovered being held in " safety " by a jihadist , Fay frees her brother but unknowingly risks her son 's life , and the CIA gets its comeuppance for putting Fay in danger.<br /><br />Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes . And he does so to the extreme here . Even character names ( Grim , Fool , Fulbright , Fogg ) have implicit meanings of their own that are quite funny . The over - the - top espionage films of ol' are given plenty of screen time , too , as guns blaze in stop - motion sequences , never striking our heroine even though she 's right in the line of fire.<br /><br />Now that I 've heaped praise on this creation , I will say that Parker Posey 's excessive portrayal of Fay Grim is n't the best part of the film , which is a shame considering how much time she 's on - screen . I realize this was probably what Mr. Hartley wanted : an uncurbed woman with hand gestures to the Italian extreme . But it was still painful to watch at times.<br /><br />Even so , fans will probably devour Fay Grim and beg for more . Though this was n't my favorite Hal Hartley film , I know I 'm ready .
1 Fay Grim is a true example of what I call a completed puzzle film . It has all the pieces of acting , direction , storyline , and entertainment value . They all fit together and when done so create a masterpiece , Fay Grim.<br /><br />This film follows a single mother Fay Grim trying to raise her son to not grow up to be her father who ran away from the law and went missing . Soon the CIA contacts Fay in desperate pursuit to find 8 journals of her husband Henry 's . These journals were filled with confessions of his long past in the CIA and his involvement with countries and their government doings . Fay is sent to find these journals , in return to release her brother from prison , and is sent on a cat - and - mouse chase all over Europe to recover these journals and learn of the hidden secrets of her husbands past she never knew about.<br /><br />Parker Posey had already been an actress I liked after I watched her in The OH in Ohio and Best in Show . She brought liveliness to these two comedic roles of hers , but Fay Grim was a far different role than the other two movies . Posey made me believe what was happening on screen , I felt for her , I rooted for her , and I wanted to know more . She grabs you while she is on screen and when she is off you ca n't stop thinking about what is happening to her.<br /><br />I have n't seen any other previous works by writer / director Hal Hartley but I believe I will look into viewing some of his earlier films if they are half as good as Fay Grim was.<br /><br />If you decide to make a smart movie choice next time you decide to rent a movie or purchase a DVD I 'd highly urge you to choose Fay Grim . If you have any common sense on how a film should be you will enjoy this movie immensely .
1 Fay , the sister of the notorious Nobel prize - winning smut poet Simon Grim , still loves Henry Fool . Their son receives an ingenious orgy - in - a - box from an undisclosed sender and a chase across three continents ensues , involving a supremely sad - sack collection of government agents , terrorists , flight attendants , and bellhops.<br /><br />Parker Posey delivers a perfectly timed comic performance , including some brilliant physical work . With strong contributions by Jasmin Tabatabai and Saffron Burrows , Fay Grim proves in the best Billy Wilder tradition that nothing is funnier than a beautiful woman in trouble.<br /><br />Another good score by Hartley ( and thanks in the credits to the American Academy in Berlin , where Hartley served as a fellow in Fall 2004 ) .
1 After seeing this film months ago , it keeps jumping back into my consciousness and I feel I must buy it or at least see it again , even though I watched it at least 3 times when I rented it at that point.<br /><br />I fell in love with Hal Hartley 's directing many years ago - I found that these films could make me laugh in an place that is rarely entertained . It is a strange feeling , granted , and I assume most people out there really just do n't get it , or it makes them feel confused and somewhat uncomfortable - I guess I just really get it - its as if these films were made for me.<br /><br />Although I do n't remember if I actually laughed out loud during this film , it remains one of the funniest films I 've seen in many years . If you do n't see the humor of the grocery bag Fay carries from the street to a church , to her brother 's publisher 's office , to her son 's principal 's office you may lack the intelligence to be highly impressed by this film . The bag is a silent character in itself , being dragged around as an icon of motherhood the usually brash , bitchy Parker Posey must carry before the international intrigue of the remainder of the film besets her.<br /><br />I consider " Henry Fool " my least favorite of Hartley 's films . I honestly do n't remember it very well - I think the character himself was so despicable I found it tedious . Hartley 's forte seems to be feminine character development.<br /><br />Aside from Posey 's brilliance , it was wonderful to see Elina Lowensohn , one of my favorite actresses , again . Her extravagant naiveté is perfect for Hartley 's direction . His ability to make the outrageous seem banal helps define his style as a delicious chronic irony throughout.<br /><br />This film erupts into a highly relevant international intrigue story , explaining political situations in Afganistan . This is never suspected at the beginning . The complexity of this film 's development is unparalleled.<br /><br />This is the epitome of a " stand alone " sequel . The less you know about Henry Fool the more mystery is spun around him , the less you expect his appearance toward the end of the film - as an alcoholic chain - smoking complaint machine , hurling insults at his Islamic terrorist caretaker who somehow seems to respect him . Its like finding out Santa Claus is actually a 12-year - old schoolyard bully.<br /><br />Although I was impressed and satisfied with Hartley 's other recent films " the Girl from Monday " and " No Such Thing " , " Fay Grim " goes far beyond what I expected , with a sense of humor and originality no Oscar winner would ever dare .
1 Henry Fool surprised me . I did n't expect it to entertain and amuse as well , or as strongly , as it did . Fay Grim continues to surprise in that it provides solid continuation to a story that seems not to need it . Once the viewer watches the first 20 minutes of the movie , however , it becomes blindingly aware that this is one of the BEST sequels to brilliant indie film . At least as good as Ginger Snaps Back , if not better.<br /><br />I am a little disappointed that Jeff Goldblum 's part is so small , but I 'm happy he is a part of this short run . He is convincing and delightful as Agent Fulbright . Also a delight is Liam Aiken who quite aptly portrays Ned Grim , the son of Fay and Henry.<br /><br />This movie is a pleasure for so many reasons . I am pleased , for example , to discover that Henry is n't really the loser he seems ( by the end of Fool ) , and to further discover that he is , in fact , a genius ... well , that really is a lovely stroke of the pen.<br /><br />I am hoping they do a third ... like the end of the trilogy . It seems to be missing . They should entitle it Ned Fool Grim and it should be Liam looking for his father , to validate the awesome change in his mother , and the sense of near - genius he himself feels welling inside him . Assuming , of course , that Fay continues withholding many of the most important facts from her son , concerning his father . It feels like it needs to be done . I 'd buy it.<br /><br />Even with more action , this is still not an action flick . It is more drama and intrigue ... a mystery , of sorts . I 'll watch it often.<br /><br />It rates an 8.3/10 from ... <br /><br />the Fiend : .
1 Generically speaking , Fay Grim is a highly entertaining thriller featuring two of the most inexorably enjoyable names in American movies , unshakably beautiful and gracefully spunky Parker Posey and endlessly charismatic and unavoidably hilarious Jeff Goldblum . They have many scenes in the first half of the film in which we see these two insatiable presences volleying off of each other , even radiating with charm when Goldblum rolls off Hartley 's shamelessly epic info - dumps . Nevertheless , if one were to deconstruct Fay Grim , one would see many instances in which countless scenes could 've been squeezed for much more benefit than they have resulted in being.<br /><br />This sort of filmed in - joke is the sequel to Hal Hartley 's Henry Fool , which was made ten years earlier . It has title character Posey forced by CIA agent Goldblum to track down the notebooks that were the precious possessions of her missing fugitive husband , the predecessor 's titular anti - hero . Available within them is information that could concede the safety of the United States . Fay first makes for Paris to get a hold of them but becomes engulfed in a bona fide celebration of espionage clichés featuring everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers to Following the Girl to double - crosses to triple - crosses.<br /><br />The primary appeal of it all for me is that it 's such a novel approach to the sequel of a movie about a garbageman and a struggling novelist in a small town . In the original Henry Fool , Posey played a simple woman leading a very simple life . Hartley 's talents do not reach the heights of many of the other independent newbies from the 1990s , but I do admire his wild creativity in making an inadvertent Nearne sister out of her , giving her a terrific predicament , as he did to her character 's brother , played by James Urbaniak , in Henry Fool , as she is trapped between whether or not she may still love her overwhelming refugee husband and the problematic but forceful plans of Goldblum.<br /><br />Hartley , however , is simply riding on that fragmentary idea . His plot , though complex and labyrinthine , true to the form of the spy film , it seems as if to be entirely capricious . The reason I was not bored was mostly due to the pace at which the story unfolds , not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum . The problem with the remainder of Hartley 's cast is that I can not seem to become fond of the rest of them . It has nothing to do with how obscure they are compared to the relative star power of the two said charm masters , but with how they do n't seem to hold their own alongside them , though Saffron Burrows certainly comes close . Most of the scenes not involving Posey or Goldblum are far too light on their feet , stringing us along with info - dumps we have no choice but to listen to or else be totally lost in the ensuing sequence of scenes . They are shot almost entirely in tiled angles , as if Hartley is compensating for that implacable feeling of a lack of material.<br /><br />Liam Aiken , however , playing the now teenage son of Fay and Henry , has a certain allure about him , seeming wise beyond his years , certainly much wiser than any of the adult characters . Perhaps Hartley intended that , or maybe it 's simply Aiken 's presence . The problem with a Hartley film is that you never quite know what was intended and what just happens to be there . As Scorsese said , " Cinema is a matter of what 's in the frame and what 's out . " One has to be able to trust that what we see is a conscious decision by the filmmaker to remain in the finished film .
1 I 've read a lot of comments about the film and how it 's so hard for people to believe that it is a sequel to Henry Fool , and even though it technically is , I think that Fay Grim needs to be looked at as an entirely different film . Just because it is the sequel does n't mean that it has to be a direct continuation of the first , and I enjoyed that so much about it . The whole point of the film was to change direction from the first , which makes sense because the movie is n't called Henry Fool 2 , it 's Fay Grim . All that aside , the film , I thought , was so well made and thought out that it actually surprised me . I was expecting to rent another nearly - released - straight - to - video film and have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and an almost hard to follow story - line ( aka parker 's last direct to video feature the Oh in Ohio ) but this was so surprisingly well focused that it almost does n't seem so , which I absolutely loved . There are so many nuances in the film making and writing that I crave to see in films , but never do . The cinematography was brilliant due to it 's simplicity and truly making the film seem ' Grim ' throughout - in terms of setting . The writing was so well put together as well , whoever said this movie is n't as witty as Henry Fool needs to watch again and actually listen ; I almost ca n't even begin to explain how actually hilarious it was , and pertinent . And well , Parker Posey , who could complain ? The scene in which Fool and Jalal were talking in the dark was so captivating and emotional . And I thought the spy - ness throughout the film was just so hilarious and spot on ( in hindsight because i do agree that at times during you kind of felt lost ) . The main thing that struck me so powerfully about the film , and i believe the point of the film , was Parker 's love and naivety about Fool , which was so endearing and turned , yes very quickly , from denial to outright passion . The last five minutes of the film were perfect . Obviously there were things that were n't excellent , but nothing is perfect ; some of the acting was poor , and at times I did think that some of the new back story and dialogue about terrorism got a little hard to follow and out of hand , but in the end you got it and did n't even mind that at the time it may have slipped from your comprehension . ( This may also have to do with Goldblum 's tendency to talk extremely fast ) On the whole I would say that it was probably one of the best films I 've seen this year ; stylistically pleasing , clever and witty writing , performances that were so impressive I now have gained new respect for some of the actors , and a truly touching film , and do n't forget , a complete departure from Fool . Which was the point .
1 It seems Hal Hartley 's films are kind of hit or miss with most audiences . This film will be no exception to that rule . Fay Grim acts as a sequel to Hartley 's ' Henry Foole ' from 1998 . The focus this time is on Henry 's ex wife ( played to perfection by the always welcome Parker Posey ) , who is being pestered by CIA goons about Henry 's unpublished book about all of his shady dealings . In the interim of all of this , Fay ends up on an odyssey , dealing with international spies , etc . The film does get a bit bogged down in the second half . If you 've been a fan of Hal Hartley in the past , this is one not to be missed . For the novice Hartley first timer who has only heard of his film making technique , you might want to check out his earlier films before taking on this one ( especially if you have n't seen ' Henry ' yet ) . I admired the camera work , which at times reminded me of certain early Man Ray photography .
1 Fay Grim is the continuation of a story begun ten years earlier with Hartley 's Henry Fool . I have n't seen the earlier film , and I do n't know if that 's a good thing or not . I can only regard the current film on its own merits.<br /><br />For most people , Hal Hartley 's style of film - making is something that you either like or you do n't . His combination of action , drama , absurdity and dry , ironic humour really resonates with me , and Fay Grim is no exception . It has an air of sharply - written intelligent parody that had myself and many in the Melbourne International Film Festival audience laughing out loud . For the first half of the film it was relentless and delivered with deadpan straightness . It 's a style of humour sadly lacking in cinemas and a welcome relief to the mindless teen comedies that Hollywood pumps out like pancakes.<br /><br />During the second half of the film , the humour starts to thin as the film morphs into an international espionage / conspiracy thriller . Whether this was Hartley 's intention or whether he ran out of ideas is not clear , but I think a bit of editing or re - writing to cut fifteen minutes off the film would have maintained the film 's original momentum.<br /><br />The performances were generally good , particularly Parker Posey and Jeff Goldblum , who had the most screen time . Saffron Burrows , James Urbaniak , Carl Montgomery and Elina Löwensohn all played good support roles . The film 's visuals were nice ( set in New York , Paris , Berlin and Istanbul ) and the music ( also by Hartley ) was good without being intrusive . The film is well - written and I enjoyed this it immensely . If you like Hartley 's earlier work , you 'll probably like this .
1 Who would 've imagined -- Hal Hartley creates a filmic corollary to Syriana while retaining his signature idiosyncratic style . The fusion is highly entertaining.<br /><br />Having not seen a Hal Hartley film for about a decade , I approached this one with some caution . His brilliant productions of the nineties had impressed critics and audiences with their unique style and dialog . The director 's earlier films featured colorful characters and offered close observations of life -- often in the region of Long Island , New York or in New York City itself -- that were offbeat and insightful.<br /><br />My initial caution stemmed from the description of this movie as a " spy thriller " . To my pleasant surprise , Hartley manages to mesh his well established style and focus to produce a highly original drama of international intrigue . It works in more ways than one might imagine . Hartley 's film retains the dialog and character focus that are his trademarks , along with a singular cinematographic style.<br /><br />Moreover it is highly appropriate given the current situation in the world and the state of war that has been fostered by dark elements on all sides . Hartley has brought all his skills to something new -- a political film worthy of being mentioned in the same breath as Syriana . Truly he is coming into his own . The cast does a fine job of interpreting Hartley 's vision and style . Fans of Parker Posey will see her in full bloom here , still with us and more ripe and gorgeous than before .
1 A Murder investigation goes on back stage while The Vanities , on its opening night , plays on to an unknowing audience . Odd combination of musical and murder mystery is worth a look for its cast , its production numbers , and the sheer novelty of the film.<br /><br />Gertrude Michael has the showy role of a bitchy actress intent on stopping the marriage between the show 's stars , Kitty Carlisle and Carl Brisson , as well as starring in the infamous " Sweet Marijuana " number ( which was also on a 70s Bette Midler album ) . So while the chorus girls shuffle around backstage , bumbling detective Victor McLaglen ogles the girls while he tries to solve the backstage murder of an unknown woman.<br /><br />We quickly learn that the maid ( Dorothy Stickney ) loves Brisson from afar , that the wardrobe lady ( Jessie Ralph ) is Brisson 's mother , and that the stage manager ( Jack Oakie ) butts into everything . Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers . The show 's best - known song is " Cocktails for Two . " Kitty Carlisle also sings the haunting " Where Do They Come From ? " And there 's a weird rhapsody that erupts into a Harlem specialty number featuring Duke Ellington ! Quite the cast.<br /><br />Some terrific acting here , especially Gertrude Michael and Dorothy Stickney . Kitty Carlisle is quite good as well . Brisson is a total zero though.<br /><br />Charles Middleton plays Homer , Toby Wing plays Nancy , Donald Meek plays the doctor , and also see if you can spot Ann Sheridan and Lucille Ball among the show girls .
1 There are moments in the film that are so dreadful , your teeth ache . But knowing that there were only weeks left before the Code made movies innocuous and bland , Paramount rushed this into production before innuendo and leering went out of style . Vanities is so horrifically anti - female that it 's delicious . As Kitty Carlisle sings , women are displayed with price tags that would insult a Bronx hooker . They emerge from clams ( nudge , nudge;wink , wink ) in postures of absolute submission . Minions of the law , so stupid they can not find the door , get to look up their skirts and snicker . Bare - breasted chorus girls sit uncomfortably in giant cacti ( Could they be a source of hallucinogens , perhaps ? ) while we listen to " Sweet Marijuana " and watch as blood falls on a chorines 's breast.<br /><br />Sure , Carl Brisson learned his lines phonetically and does n't seem to have a clue what he is saying . But it 's all worth it as Norma steals the show while no one is looking.<br /><br />Taking one moment of this fragile fluff seriously is missing the point of the whole exercise . Watch this with a charter member of NOW and prepare to justify the whole Hollywood machismo sch tick between body blows.<br /><br />Toby Wing , by the way , is the icing on the cake . And Duke Ellington does n't hurt either.<br /><br />A must stroll down Memory Lane .
1 Released just before the Production Code crackdown in July , 1934 , Mitch Leisen 's all - star Paramount musical is leeringly suggestive -some even claim misogynistic- and highly entertaining . Two murders occur on the opening night of " Earl Carroll 's Vanities " ( one on - stage ! ) , but that does n't stop the manager ( Jack Oakie ) from putting on a show as a lascivious police detective ( Victor McLaglen ) investigates . Everyone is hiding something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this backstage murder mystery before she penned " The G - String Murders " as the denouement is similar ( although more satisfying here ) . Gertrude Michael , as a vicious diva , stops the show ( in more ways than one ) with her exotic " Sweet Marijuana " number and Duke Ellington finishes with the truncated " Rape Of The Rhapsody " . The hit song , " Cocktails For Two " , came from this film . A bizarre and bawdy camp classic highly recommended ! Here 's Louella O. Parsons in the " Los Angeles Examiner " on May 17 , 1934<br /><br />Earl Carroll 's hand - picked beauties ' pirouette about on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else . But September Morn herself never had a better figure than these charmers , who are made up to please the eye , especially the eye of the tired businessman . But do n't for a moment think Mr. Carroll 's girls , au naturelle , are the only attraction . Believe it or not , MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller , if you know what I mean -a murder mystery incorporated in a musical show . It all happens on the opening night at the time the play is in progress and a search is on for a murderer . Just by way of suspense , a cop threatens to stop the show every few minutes . Victor McLaglen is something new in cops . All the time he is trying to track down the murderer , he keeps his eye fastened on the chorus beauties . The murder mystery is good with the exception of the denouement , which is pretty flat . Probably faulty direction . Dorothy Stickney , who plays the maid , is about as melodramatic as the heroine in a ten , twenty , and thirty show . For no good reason , she rates a never - ending closeup in the big dramatic scene . The girl ensembles are good , and it 's a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots . The costumes are beautiful ; in fact , this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really to their credit . As for Carl Brisson -well , he would be an addition to any show . Good - looking with a delightful singing voice and an easy , assured manner , he is all his press agents claim for him . I also like Kitty Carlisle , who plays the leading lady in the show . Gertrude Michael , as the deep - eyed villianess , gives an interesting if rather fictional portrayal . Jack Oakie , as the stage manager , is the same old wisecracking Jack , but we would n't change him . Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress . Others in the cast are Charles Middleton , Gail Patrick , Donald Meek , Barbara Fritchie , Toby Wing and Lona Andre . The screen play is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King , and the direction by Mitchell Leisen . The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow . In addition to MURDER AT THE VANITIES , there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon , a Paramount Newsreel , and a two - reeler , THE WRONG DIRECTION.<br /><br />I disagree with Lolly on the denouement , it 's satisfying if over - the - top . Why would she blame the director ? Was she displeased with the story 's ending -or the way it was staged ? And what 's a " ten , twenty , or thirty show " ? Note the swipe taken at Busby Berkeley and his " overhead shots " . As hard as it may be to believe today , the public was tiring of Buzz ' schtick by May , 1934 . Mitch Leisen said , " if you are showing a stage show that 's supposed to be in a theater , you should stay within the bounds of the proscenium arch , and not do a Buzz Berkeley routine with a stage set that 's acres big . " < br /><br />Q : Do n't you think Berkeley 's spectacular effects justified taking this liberty ? ML : Apparently they did because they 're reviving all of his pictures and none of mine , but personally I do n't like it .
1 I just viewed MURDER AT THE VANITIES in the newly - released Universal Pre - Code set , and I was amazed at how much I enjoyed the vehicle end to end . Most of the other commentators have covered the story , a murder mystery within a musical , but I wanted to add a few additional notes . Brisson and Carlisle are relatively bland , compared to even most of the minor players , and neither one really seems to have the proper voice for what they 're singing ( Carlisle being a trained opera singer , Brisson a bit wobbly on some of his high and low notes ) . The great Victor McLaglen and Jack Oakie play well off each other , with an excellent sense of timing that keeps the ball rolling between musical numbers . Yes , Lucille Ball and Ann Sheridan are Vanities girls , but let 's not forget the splendid jazz singer Ernestine Anderson in the " Ebony Rhapsody " number . Gail Patrick makes one of her early appearances , sounding a bit like Eve Arden ; Patrick would go on to become the executive producer of the Perry Mason TV series . Then there 's Jessie Ralph as the wardrobe mistress -- you'll spot her also in David COPPERFIELD ( as Aunt Peggoty ) and THE BANK DICK . The music is very good -- Brisson introducing the standard " Cocktails for Two " in two different scenes ; " Sweet Marihuana " with barely clad peyote button girls in the background ( blood dripping on one chorine 's white skin was wonderfully chilling ) ; the " Ebony Rhapsody , " with Duke Ellington 's Orchestra and a bevy of beautiful dancers , both black and white , mixing it up . And I believe this is one of the only early musicals to feature such a mix -- and the costumes leave nothing to the imagination .
1 Since this is Black History Month and I 'm reviewing the achievements of many African - Americans on film in chronological order , I got this movie on VHS from the library because Duke Ellington and his Orchestra were in it . Their jazz version of Franz Liszt 's " Rhapsody " was the highlight of this mostly overlong murder mystery - musical comedy mixture . Many other numbers I liked were Kitty Carlisle 's especially " Sweet Marijuana " , Carl Brisson 's " Cocktails for Two " as well as his duet with Carlisle on that earlier , and the ones by Gertrude Michael who 's great as the woman you love to hate . Jack Oakie and Victor McLaglen probably go a little too long with their love / hate banter as the producer and detective but they grow on you . And Toby Wing is a sexy dumb tease as Nancy who keeps trying to say something to Oakie but gets a " Not now " from him every time . While many of the characters have a motive for the murders that happen , I was n't surprised by the revelation of who done it . And get a load of how naked the women here are ( though of course their breasts are covered , either by their hands or some flimsy top ) . This was very obviously pre - Code . Worth a look for any film buff interested in this sort of thing . P.S. As a long - time Louisiana resident , I like noting when someone was born here as Carlisle was a New Orleans native .
1 Financially strapped Paramount pulled out all the stops for this ' 34 stage adaptation entry : big budget , large cast , extravagant production and Mitch Leisen tagged as the director . What happened ? Two things : Busby Berkeley did n't work for the out - of focus rock and a murder mystery script that did n't deserve to be in the same trash can as the worst Charlie Chan first draft down the street . I have to believe that the cutting was out of Leisen 's hands since the great Duke Ellington 's number is savagely chopped , but that does n't mean that it ai n't worth a look : the ' Sweet Marihuana ' number featuring topless chorus girls is a mind blower , considering the looming production code and it also has the ravishing Toby Wing ( whose unfortunately fed horrible lines and playing the prototype dumb blonde ) as a chorion hot for an otherwise preoccupied Jack Oakie . Carl Brisson 's acting is bland as Melba Toast but he 's a competent singer . MacLaglen reaches for new plateaus as a stereotypical dumb detective . And try to spot Lucy in the chorus . This rates a 7.0 as a curiosity . Feb 2010 re - think : I recently gave the film another look and now feel I was wrong to berate the lack of Busby Berkeley production numbers . I can understand Leisen 's argument for more realistic production numbers within the context of the plot . I still have enormous issues with the editing however . Paramount , the raciest major studio in town , faced huge issues with the Production Code at the worst possible time in it 's history , financially speaking , and pulled out all the stops on this one ( also check out 1934 's Search for Beauty ) . A must see for pre - code buffs .
1 This murder mystery with musical numbers is long on atmosphere and character but rather short on suspense and plausibility . Based on a stage play by Broadway showman Earl Carroll and others , it combines a whodunit plot with a backstage ambiance ( a homicide investigation takes place on opening night at the theatre where a musical revue is being staged).<br /><br />The cast is impressive and varied : tough - goofy Victor McLaglen as the police officer who leads the investigation and never fails to leer idiotically at whatever showgirl happens to be in sight ; Jack Oakie ( the prewar Jack Lemmon – or was Jack Lemmon the postwar Jack Oakie ? ) as the harassed director who must coordinate the staged performance as well as the chaos behind the scenes ; the ever - homely Jessie Ralph as a wardrobe mistress with deep , dark secrets ; Dorothy Stickney , who has a stunning close - up monologue near the end , as the tremulous maid madly in love with the male lead ; Carl Brisson , the Danish star , as that very male lead , warbling the classic " Cocktails for Two " not once but twice ; Kitty Carlisle , operatically delivering " Where Do They Come from and Where Do They Go " and other Johnston - Coslow songs ; the glorious Gertrude Michael , who parted from us too soon , as a mean - spirited showgirl whose love for Brisson is spurned ; the usually ridiculous Toby Wing who here at least is the center of a laugh - getting running joke.<br /><br />When the plot complications get out of hand there is always an interesting performer or fun and tuneful musical number to distract the viewer . The film 's most celebrated sequence is the " Marahuana " number , led by Michaels , but aside from its controversial history , it 's really one of the lesser musical offerings . All of the songs here are staged as if they could actually have fit into a standard proscenium theatre space , as opposed to the cinematic fantasy setup of the Busby Berkeley style .
1 A very enjoyable film , providing you know how to watch old musicals / mysteries . It may not come close to Agatha Christie or even Thin Man mysteries as a film noir , but it 's much more interesting than your typical " boy meets girl " or " let 's put on a show " backstage musical . As a musical , it 's no Busby Berkley or Freed unit , but it can boost the classic " Coctails for two " and the weird " Sweet Marijuana " . The film runs in real time during a stage show , opening night of the " Vanities " , where a murder - and soon another - is discovered backstage . Is the murderer found out before the curtain falls ? Sure , but the search is fun , even though somewhat predictable and marred by outbursts of comic relief ( luckily in the shape of the shapely goddess of the chorus girls , Toby Wing ) . The stupid cop is just a bit too stupid , the leading hero is just a bit too likable , the leading lady a bit too gracious , the bitchy prima donna bit too bitchy , and the enamoured waif a bit too self - sacrificing , but as stereotypes go , they are pretty stylish . There 's a bevy of really gorgeous chorus girls , who are chosen even better than the girls for a Busby Berkley musical of the same period , who sometimes tend to be a bit on the plump side . Yes , this film could have been much better than it is , and the Duke Ellington number is an embarrassment , but if you enjoy diving into old movies , this will prove to be a tremendously tantalizing trip .
1 During the opening night of the Vanties a woman is found dead on the catwalk above the stage . As the show continues the police attempt to piece together who killed who and why before the final curtain.<br /><br />I had always heard that this was a great classic comedy mystery so I was excited to find myself a copy . Unfortunately no one told me about the musical numbers which go on and on and on . While the numbers certainly are the type that Hollywood did in their glory days , they become intrusive because they pretty much stop the movie dead despite attempts to weave action around them . This would n't be so bad if the music was half way decent , but its not . There is only one good song . Worse its as if the studio knew they had one song , Cocktails for Two , and we 're forced to endure four versions of it : a duet , a big production number , as the Vanities finale and in the background as incidental music . I do n't think Spike Jones and His City Slickers ever played it that much . The rest of the movie is pretty good with Victor McLaglen sparring nicely with Jack Oakie . Charles Middleton is very funny is his scenes as an actor in love with the wardrobe mistress.<br /><br />By no mean essential I can recommend this if you think you can get through the musical numbers , or are willing to scan through them . Its a fun movie of the sort they do n't make any more .
1 It 's good to see that Vintage Film Buff have correctly categorized their excellent DVD release as a " musical " , for that 's what this film is , pure and simple . Like its unofficial remake , Murder at the Windmill ( 1949 ) , the murder plot is just an excuse for an elaborate girlie show with Kitty Carlisle and Gertrude Michael leading a cast of super - decorative girls including Ann Sheridan , Lucy Ball , Beryl Wallace , Gwenllian Gill , Gladys Young , Barbara Fritchie , Wanda Perry and Dorothy White . Carl Brisson is also on hand to lend his strong voice to " Cocktails for Two " . Undoubtedly the movie 's most popular song , it is heard no less than four times . However , it 's Gertrude Michael who steals the show , not only with her rendition of " Sweet Marijauna " but her strong performance as the hero 's rejected girlfriend . As for the rest of the cast , we could have done without Jack Oakie and Victor McLaglen altogether . The only good thing about Oakie 's role is his weak running gag with cult icon , Toby Wing . In fact , to give you an idea as to how far the rest of the comedy is over - indulged and over - strained , super - dumb Inspector McLaglen simply can not put his hands on the killer even though , would you believe , in this instance it happens to be the person you most suspect . Director Mitch Leisen actually goes to great pains to point the killer out to even the dumbest member of the cinema audience by giving the player concerned close - up after close - up .
1 Mitchell Leisen 's fifth feature as director , and he shows his versatility by directing a musical , after his previous movies were heavy dramas . He also plays a cameo as the conductor.<br /><br />You can tell it is a pre code movie , and nothing like it was made in the US for quite a while afterwards ( like 30 + years ) . Leisen shot the musical numbers so they were like what the audience would see - no widescreen shots or from above ala Busby Berkeley . What I do find funny or interesting is that you never actually see the audience.<br /><br />As others have mentioned the leads are fairly characterless , and Jack Oakie and Victor McLaghlan play their normal movie personas . Gertrude Michael however provides a bit of spark.<br /><br />The musical numbers are interesting and some good ( the Rape of the Rhapsody in particular is amusing ) but the drama unconvincing and faked - three murders is too many and have minimal emotional impact on the characters . This is where this movie could have been a lot better .
1 The adaptation of Will Eisner 's SPIRIT to the TV screen followed many other offerings developed from comic strip pages or comic books . ( Remember , the two are n't exactly the same medium ) It is indeed ironic that this is the one and only adaptation ( as of the time of this writing)of Eisner 's smart alec , wise cracking , tongue - in - cheek super hero.<br /><br />Story has it that Republic Pictures was interested in doing a film version and was in negotiation with the copyright owner in the mid ' 40 's , but they were never able to close the deal . The left over screen play became the serial , THE MASKED MARVEL , one of Republic 's best . Perhaps that it was just as well , for that studio had a penchant for tinkering with material adapted from the comic strips , pulp mags , radio and the comic books.<br /><br />As for this 1987 made for TV movie , it 's pretty obvious that it was a failed pilot for a proposed television series . Whereas an old , long time comic reader , like myself , can be a little harsh in criticism of an adaptation , a viewer unfamiliar with the character may be able to give some fresh observations , clear of any preconceived notions of what this screen version should look like.<br /><br />Well , while sitting and watching the story unfold , with the characters interacting amid some crime wave , the Little Lady ( my wife , Mrs. Ryan ) nailed it with one statement . " This ca n't make up its mind if it 's serious or not ! " That pretty well describes both THE SPIRIT and his creator , Mr. Will Eisner , the true creative genius in the comics.<br /><br />The film is a sincere attempt to put Eisner 's world on the screen . The casting of Denny Colt / The Spirit , Commissioner Dolan and Ellen was really quite well done . Though in a contemporary setting , it was still in the tradition of " the good old days " as far as the costuming goes , you know , when men and women still wore hats ! That brings up this one final ( and meandering ) point , and that is that the director and the production made a conscious effort and succeeded in giving the characters a Will Eisner look as far as facial expressions and body language . We say , Kudos to them for their efforts.<br /><br />It 's just too bad that no series followed ! Oh , well in today 's motion picture world , comic adaptations seem to be a hot item . Maybe some big timer producer and director could do a really 1st class SPIRIT production for the Big Screen . We can only hope.<br /><br />UPDATE : Dateline , Chicago , Illinois . 6/4/2008 . By now , everyone who goes to the Movies at the Shopping Centre Multiplexes has seen the poster advertising the new film of THE SPIRIT , ( subtitled , MY CITY SCREAMS ) ; which is to be released Christmas Day , 2008 . Well , we 'll see then just what we 've been talking about . Just keep your fingers crossed ! TO BE CONTINUED ............. <br /><br />UPDATE II : We saw the new film , Writer - Director Frank Miller 's rendition of THE SPIRIT a couple of days ago . Well , we got our wish ; but is this a good thing or another case of " Be careful what you ask for ; because you may get it ? " Please read our write - up elsewhere in IMDb.com . THANX !
1 The 1986 TV movie of The Spirit was a pilot for a possible series . However , Spirit creator Will Eisner did not like the film and thus no series was produced . I thought it was a very entertaining film and captured the spirit ( sorry ) of the comic with a modern twist . I 'm sorry it did n't materialize into a series . Sam ( Flash Gordon ) Jones was a perfect Spirit . Nana Visitor was a nice Ellen Dolan and of course would later go on to Star Trek : Deep Space Nine years later . Maybe with the release of Frank Miller 's big - screen version of The Spirit , more people will be able to see this rare gem of Spirit history . It seems that when Hollywood makes a film from an already established character or idea , someone will inevitably seek out previous versions of the property and release it to video in order to make a few dollars . When Antonio Banderas donned the mask of Zorro , we were able to get earlier versions of the masked hero on DVD , such as the great Alain Delon version of the 1970s ( although all copies I ever saw were badly edited ) . Heres hoping someone will release the TV adventure of The Spirit to DVD soon .
1 I saw this pilot when it was first shown , and I 'm sure countless " Spirit " fans hate it , because , like Batman , the Green Hornet etc . , it took the character in the direction of " camp " . But I evidently never got enough of Batman , because I thought it was entertaining , in some of the same ways as that show . There are two parts that stay with me . First , when Denny 's partner has been fatally wounded , and he makes a dramatic speech about how he always stood for the law , and obeying the exact letter of it . Then , he says something like , " Boy , was I stupid ! " Which is his way of telling Denny to become a vigilante instead , which he does ( though the TV Batman kind ) . Then , there 's the scene where he tries to seduce the villainess into letting him go by kissing her , but she is n't fooled , because he 's too honest to kiss her convincingly ! This was a great example of " camp " , that was also " underplayed " , by both the actor and actress .
1 It 's really unfortunate that most people outside of Canada think that the only things that Canada produces are snow , mounties and hockey players . This film is the second superlative Canadian film I have seen within the past few weeks ( the first was " The Red Violin " ) , far better than all but the best Hollywood efforts.<br /><br />Gustad Noble is anything but that ; he is a middle - aged Parsi bank employee in Bombay in the 1970s . This film sensitively explores various things that happen to him concerning his family , his friends and his work , and their effect on him . At the same time , it is a fascinating , and , I would assume , accurate , portrayal of middle - class , urban life in India at the time.<br /><br />However , I was somewhat prepared for this , having read Rohinton Mistry 's book a few years ago . The film , as might be expected , can not capture all the complexities of the book , but , if you want to read a really good book , and see a really good film , read and see " Such a Long Journey " .
1 A great film . The acting - from the doctor to the pavement artist to the head prostitute , with very few exceptions , was wonderful ; i thought soni razdan(mrs.noble ) and vrajesh hirjee(saurabh ) were the best of the lesser known actors . Even Kurush Deboo ( Tehmul ) , who might be accused of overacting , presented quite a believable and familiar character.<br /><br />Another great thing was the camera work - and the way it captured the energy of bombay streets , the tranquility of gustad saying his prayers and life within the tiny apartments.<br /><br />I liked the story of the wall that becomes a shrine and then gets broken down - and the artists philosophical take on it.<br /><br />It 's great to see good movies on indian themes .
1 It is wonderful to watch Roshan Seth ( the strict father in 1992 " Mississippi Masala " ) , who once again takes on the role of a father and head of the family , and more , in SUCH A LONG JOURNEY , set in 1971 Bombay , India . Besides the closely knit family settings , subject matters include the lost and found of a friendship ; the unexpected death of a friend ( somehow the calm smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers felt peaceful - so Gustad Noble , Roshan 's character , similarly noted ) ; a sidewalk artist 's chain of events - " the wall as a latrine turned into a shrine … shrine into rumbles and ashes " was at once prophetic and philosophical . It 's packed full of life lessons in different aspects of varying relationships : between father and son ; mother and son ; father and little daughter ; little daughter and father and mother ; longtime colleagues ; long lost dear friends ; even that of a man to man , one whose an innocent slow - witted " fool".<br /><br />In spite of the tone of the film 's era , it 's a colorful film rich in substance , and the strength of the story in textural layers with humor and suspense . For a director who is not Indian ( Sturla Gunnarsson being Icelandic ) , he 's made a political Indian / Pakistani film . He gets into the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi portrayed by Roshan Seth , whose performance has such nuances , subtlety , and joy . ( There is singing , too . ) The rest of the cast is equally strong : from Om Puri the mysterious friend of a friend ; Soni Razdan the enduring wife ; Vrajesh Hirjee the argumentative eldest son ; Sam Dastor the longtime office mate ; Ranjit Chowdhry the pavement artist ; to a superstitious " witch " woman of a neighbor ; an unbeguiling " fool " of a man ; and a long lost bosom friend - it 's a world of many faces and perspectives . Director Gunnarsson has demonstrated sensitivity in the treatment of that time period and subject was well researched with attention to details . He has the good fortune to have Sooni Taraporevala ( 1992 " Mississippi Masala " , 1988 " Salaam Bombay ! " ) wrote the script . This is truly a worthwhile journey of a film to partake.<br /><br />Along the lines of cultural exploration ( road movie style ) , Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 " Cold Fever " is an Icelandic sojourn about a Japanese young man who went across the globe in search of the specific spot to pay his last respects to his parents , dutifully following memorial rituals for the dead . Such demonstrated reverence and cross - cultural attention to family ties are heart - warming in this day and cyber age .
1 For those of you who have read Rohinton Mistry 's highly respected novel , this film will definitely impress you , because of how honorable an adaptation it is . With the exception of one minor subplot , Sturla Gunnarson 's feature film debut is an almost dead - on recreation of the book ( down to the last line).<br /><br />For those of you who have not read the novel , this movie might be a little tricky . It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story . Instead it has a strong element of realism to it , but I would not have it any other way . The best way to describe Such a Long Journey to movie fans would be to say that it is a small scale , Hindu version of ' Fiddler On The Roof ' . Instead of a Jewish / Russian milkman , the protagonist Gustad Noble is a banker in 1970 's Bombay during the time of the Muslim / Hindi war with Pakistan . He is forced to deal with a number of unexpected problems in his life , including his sick daughter , his individualist eldest son , a distant friend who gets him involved with some dirty money , and an unhealthy neighborhood . The Ending is not a happy one , nor is it a sad one , but that is essentially what realism involves . < br /><br />Such a Long Journey is a fine little movie , but if you want to see it , then good luck finding it . Unlike the novel , it has received very little release .
1 I saw this film at the Taos Film Festival last year , and was just overwhelmed by it . It 's a rich , warm novel brought to the screen , beautifully acted , and well directed . More than anything , it reminded me of the films of David Lean , both in its ability to handle a complex story , and its knack for creating powerful scenes that affect you on several different levels . The best movie I 've seen in years .
1 Rohinton Mistry 's multi - layered novel seemed impossible to adapt for the screen but the resulting movie is filled with passion , emotion , humour and pathos . The story is somewhat slow - moving but there is always something on the screen to captivate the audience . The movie perfectly catches a particular time and place with pinpoint accuracy . All of the actors are Indian - few if any known to " western " audiences - but they are a joy to behold , especially the little girl who acts very convincingly . Do n't be put off by the title and plot summary - this is a movie to be seen on the big screen . We have much to learn from it .
1 Aileen Gonsalves , my girlfriend , is in this film playing a secretary at the main character 's bank . She has a lovely scene with Roshan Seth in a restaurant . There 's more information on her website at > Having stated my personal interest in the film , I have to say that I think it is a beautiful movie - moving , funny and beautifully filmed .
1 " Such a Long Journey " is a well crafted film , a good shoot , and a showcase for some good performances . However , the story is such a jumble of subplots and peculiar characters that it becomes a sort of Jack of all plots and master of none . Also , Western audiences will likely find the esoterics of the rather obscure Parsee culture a little much to get their arms around in 1.7 hours . Recommended for those with an interest in India .
1 The Bill was essentially a cultural fountain from which a beautiful rainbow - haze of socio - introspection emerged , inspiring such famed derivatives as Cop Land , The Departed , The Godfather 3 , and most recently of course , The Wire.<br /><br />With multi - faceted characters and story lines that have been described as ' 4-dimensional Shakespeare ' , The Bill grabbed you by the collars from episode one and just would not let you go.<br /><br />The show covered , anticipated , and even occasionally caused all the major global events between 1984 and 2010 . The most famously prescient moment being episode 19 of series 5 , which aired on the eve of the second Gulf War . Detective Jim Carver 's misguided - and ultimately career ending - drugs raid on Craig ' Fun Boy ' Richardson 's flat in the Jasmine Allen Estate in early 2003 , was widely viewed as a predictive allegory for the coalition 's failure to find weapons of mass destruction following the invasion of Iraq several months later.<br /><br />However , it was the work the Bill did to try and highlight some of the lesser - known problems experienced by police officers that won it the most praise . This was sympathetic drama covering such sensitive areas as helmet - phobia , under - uniform cross - dressing , in - van homosexuality , lost truncheons , casual drunken bestiality ( regretted ) , siren aversion syndrome ( SAS ) , groin chaffing caused by chasing suspects while wearing an overly starched uniform and many , many more issues that still trouble , disturb , haunt and excite officers to this day.<br /><br />The last word should go to one of The Bill 's most famous fans , Nelson Mandela : " … it is no exaggeration to say that I would not have made it through the dark void of loneliness that summed up my last years of incarceration on Robben Island if it was n't for the heart - warming , casual buffoonery of Reg Hollis . "
1 Yes , some plots are a bit hard to follow , and The Bill does have a tendency to get violent , but it is actually an engrossing show , that I try not to miss . A vast majority of the episodes are very exciting and quite tense , and the acting is fairly good , though I do miss Roberta Taylor as Inspector Gina Gold and Todd Carty as Gabriel Kent . I will admit , I prefer the older episodes to the newer episodes , and it is a bit of a shame that the programme is now after the watershed , as I found it easier to watch when it was at 8.00 . Still , why I like The Bill is because not only it is engrossing , but the cliffhangers at the end do make the next episode unmissable . It is true though , that it is more melodramatic than it was , but I really like this programme as a programme that does n't try to take itself too seriously . 8/10 Bethany Cox
1 Are we really making ' video nasties ' again ? In the guise of a digital wide screen big budget remake of 8MM , this is quite a ride . Unfortunately there is a bit too much story and at times this becomes like a travelogue as our heroine searches the sleaze spots of Paris , Hamburg and Amsterdam . I am however being rather churlish for the ' depraved ' scenes , including everything from , hot wax , harsh whipping and rough sex to drowning , beheading and some . These scenes are immaculate and it 's a pity Bruno and his budget could n't stretch to make all the many characterful creatures introduced become more than simply caricatures .
1 This is one of the few films where I consider the film rendition to be an improvement on the original book . The story is clear , accessible , amusing and interesting and the musical numbers are without a doubt exceptional . I adored the cyclical rendition of ' The old home guard ' and the charming ' Portobello Road ' , a great combination of early animation + real actors techniques which , though dated do not detract from the charm of the piece . The background of the Second World War worked well and was not omitted as the film got under way , which so often happens in ' evacuee ' stories.<br /><br />An often far too underrated film , it produces no end to enjoyment for people of all ages . The performances from the actors are exceptionally well done and the entire text is neatly tied together and well designed . Guaranteed to put a smile on your face !
1 I loved this masterpiece and quite frankly I , too found Mary Poppins ( although I love Julie Andrews and Dick VanDyke ) to be silly and sacrine - sweet . Angela Lansbury plays her character to perfection and I do n't know why people think of this film as distorted . It was magical and it was lots of fun to watch . Every scene held a certain charm as you got to know the characters better . You truly see how this little thrown together family learn to bond with each other , despite their age and differences . I thought the characters were well developed , especially Charles who was at " The Age of not Believing " . Mary Poppins may be more popular and cherished by others but this little gem will be the one that I will always love and cherish .
1 Set during WWII , Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a fun - filled fantasy adventure for kids , starring Angela Lansbury as an apprentice witch who , with the help of three evacuee children and a ' Professor of Witchcraft ' , thwarts a Nazi invasion.<br /><br />Brilliantly inventive , with loads of laughs , this movie will delight kids of all ages with its great characters , exciting story and catchy tunes . Lansbury is perfect as Eglantine , the not - quite - perfect witch who takes the three children on the adventure of a lifetime , and her three young co - stars ( Cindy O'Callaghan , Roy Snart and Ian Weighill ) are equally impressive as the Cockney rascals who aid in battling the nasty Hun.<br /><br />The special effects are somewhat dated , but let 's face it , kids do n't care too much about these things , so long as they are entertained . And entertained , they will be . With some impressive scenes which brilliantly mix live action and animation to great effect , and more genuine movie magic than a hundred Harry Potters , it would be hard not to enjoy this wonderful slice of cinematic escapism . In fact , only a rather drawn - out musical number set in Portobello Road mars the film 's perfection , but with so much else to enjoy , that can easily be forgiven.<br /><br />And besides , any film featuring UK television legend Bruce Forsyth as a ' Flash ' Harry style spiv is guaranteed a good rating from me .
1 SPOILER ALERT!!!!<br /><br />I had just watched the extended version of Bedknobs and Broomsticks . Though I did like the extended version , I wish they would have left the original version on the DVD.<br /><br />The Portabello Road could have been cut down to the orginal length . It was too long and dragged the movie along . Though the dancing is great , would have been much better left on the DVD as a Deleted Scene.<br /><br />All in all this is a great movie . My 5 year old liked it . And it is wonderful that movies that I enjoyed as a child are being passed on to a new generation . This and Mary Poppins are added to my collection.<br /><br />Just as I had remembered!<br /><br / > * * * out of * * * * < br /><br / >
1 This place in England during 1940 . Three orphans ( Carrie , Charles and Paul ) are sent to live with Miss Price ( Angela Lansbury ) . She does n't want them but reluctantly takes them in . It seems she is studying to be a witch through a correspondence course with the College of Witchcraft . ( OK -- I realize this is a family film but -- College of Witchcraft ? ? ? Come ON ! ! ) Before she can finish the course though the college is closed because of the war ( ? ? ? ) and she seeks down the head Professor Browne ( David Tomlinson ) . And her and the kids travel around on a bed with the help of a magical bedknob.<br /><br />I first saw this when I was 9 and vaguely remember loving it . It sure does n't hold up as an adult ! The story is silly ( even for a fantasy ) , the kids are terrible actors and one of them ( Charles ) is incredibly obnoxious . Also Roddy McDowall is third billed and only appears in two short scenes ! There 's also a trip to the Isle of Naboombu which is run by animated animals . I thought that might be fun but the animation is poor ( for Disney ) and it has a very violent and far too long soccer game between the animals . There are a few saving graces here : Lansbury and Tomlinson are just great ; the songs ( while forgettable ) are pleasant ; the long dance sequence on Portobello Road is very colorful and full of energy and the Oscar - winning special effects are still pretty impressive at the end . But the weak story line , poor animation and unlikable kids really pull this one down . I heard the extended version is even worse ! I can only give this a 7 .
1 What can i say about a tale such as this ? This magical tale has followed me from my early childhood , evoking warm memories in my heart . The characters take you to to so many whimsical places making you want more of each scene . For example in the market there were so many different flavors of lore . I loved the exotic dancers that accompanied the steel drums.<br /><br />The story line was wonderful . I wanted so badly for Landsbury to decide to keep the precocious children and for her to also stay with Mr . Brown , and find the other half of the spell so that the men less armor could win the war.<br /><br />I am still a child inside , and this movie appeals to my inner child like no other . This movie is my definite favorite of all times . I hope that all children will be able to watch this classic and be swept away , and transported into another time .
1 This is a movie I had never even thought of seeing until my 3 year old spotted it at the video store and grabbed it after liking the cover picture of the animals on Nabooboo Island . We got it and have watched it repeatedly since ; in fact we 've rented it several times since . There are very few non - animated movies that my son will watch and pay attention to ; what a nice change from Dumbo and the Little Mermaid . The acting is outstanding , the songs are compelling , they get deep into your head and you ca n't help but singing along . The storyline , while specifically about WW2 is timeless in it 's own way and there is something new to see every time you watch . I 've heard it compared to Mary Poppins , but I think they are two very different movies , both excellent , but somehow my son has no interest at all in Mary Poppins . This is one of those movies that kids will want to watch over and over again and one that parents wo n't mind complying with . There are days we watch it before nap time and bed time and I do n't feel that groan coming that comes when he wants to repeat any other movie .
1 This movie has always been my favorit Disney movie . Then on 11/21/01 I saw the 30th aniversy of this movie DVD . WOW I remembered why I loved this movie . The DVD is So great , It has an extra 30 min that the original did not have . I did not know this when I first started watching . The movie made ever so much more since . The music they cut out should have been left in . You have not seen this movie until you have seen the Full 131 min version . A lot of people say that the music is forgettable . I remember every song in this movie by heart , every song has it 's own Charm by it 's self , and comes together as a hole . I remember when i was younger I had the " Eglantine " song stuck in my head for days at a time . As well as " Briny Sea " ( that song was meant for marry poppens but was cut out of the film ) Please Watch the new uncut 30th aniversy movie and re - vote for this movie . the 10 that it really is .
1 " Bedknobs and Broomsticks " is a magical adventure film with a certain charm , despite not being one of the best Disney works . It has a generally good story , nice songs , great characters , good actors , magical and delightful special effects , good settings and lovely landscapes of England.<br /><br />It also combines very well live - action and animation . The animation itself is , of course , pretty good . The animation resembles very much that of the 1973 animated film " Robin Hood " and the same can be said about the animated characters : there are plenty of wild animals such as bears , elephants , hippos , lions , crocodiles and others like in " Robin Hood " . Besides , the King ( a lion ) seems to be a mix of Prince John and King Richard , not to mention that the bear does look like Little John.<br /><br />This movie is often compared to " Mary Poppins " with a reason . Both combine live - action and animation with a similar artwork . Both have similar settings in London . Both have their own magic and a magical woman . The kids ( Carrie , Charlie and cute little Paul ) are a bit like the Banks children . Both movies were directed by Robert Stevenson and both cast David Tomlinson . However , instead of a very serious man like George Banks , David Tomlinson plays a merrier and magical man - Professor Emelius Browne . With its magic , this movie has also some slight but significant similarities to Harry Potter 's stories.<br /><br />The majority of the songs are good . " The Age of Not Believing " and " The Beautiful Briny Sea " are the very best . " Portobello Road " is nice too.<br /><br />David Tomlinson is great in this film once again . Angela Lansbury is great as Miss Price and the 3 kid actors are all fine too : Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie , Ian Weighill as Charlie ( a boy in « the age of not believing » ) and Roy Snart as the youngest brother Paul.<br /><br />I like the black cat . It 's pretty cool . It looks a bit like Salem , the black cat from the TV series " Sabrina , the teenage witch " . I find cute whenever one of the movie 's characters is transformed into a white rabbit . Rabbits are really cute , fluffy and adorable animals . I just love them ! Even funnier is whenever Professor Emelius Browne is transformed into a white rabbit because , when he 's transformed in human again , he shakes his nose like a rabbit . It 's really hilarious , combined with his comical figure and that mustache.<br /><br />Overall , this is an okay movie , but its ending is quite bad . The first minutes of the movie are nothing special , but then it improves a lot . The ending , however , is weak . That 's my major criticism about it , in great part because the animated knights thing is a little too much for me and also due to the war feeling .
1 I was lucky enough to catch this film finally on Turner Classic films tonight , as it is one of the films that won an Oscar ( for special effects ) in their yearly month of Oscar winning films . < br /><br />BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a sequel film for the earlier success of MARY POPPINS . That film too was a big success , and an Oscar winner ( Best Actress for Julie Andrews ) . Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has David Tomlinson in it , in a role wherein he learns about parenting . It is a fine mixture of live action and animation . It is set in a past period of British history ( if not the Edwardian - Georgian world of 1912 London , it is England 's coastline during the " Dunkirk " Summer of 1940 ) . It even has old Reginald Owen in it , here as a General in the Home Guard , whereas formerly he was Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS . Ironically it was Owen 's final role.<br /><br />The Home Guard sequences ( not too many in the film ) reminds one of the British series DAD 'S ARMY , dealing with the problems of the local home guard in the early years of the war . The period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans from the bombings in the Blitz in London . And ( in typical Disney fashion ) in the musical number " Portobello Road " different members of the British Army ( including soldiers from India and the Caribbean ( complete with metal drums yet ! ) ) appear with Scottish and local female auxiliaries in costume.<br /><br />All of which , surprisingly , is a plus . But the biggest plus is that for Angela Lansbury , her performance as Eglantine Price is finally it : her sole real musical film lead . In a noteworthy acting career , Lansbury never got the real career musical role she deserved as Auntie Mame in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS did . She had been in singing parts ( in GASLIGHT with her brief UP IN A BALLOON BOYS , and in THE PICTURE OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD , and - best of all - in support and in conclusion of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final reprise of ON THE ATCHISON , TOPEKA , AND THE SANTA FE ) . But only here does she play the female lead . So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson you may be able to understand what we lost when she did not play Mame Dennis Burnside.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is pretty good , Tomlinson here learning that he can rise to the occasion after a lifetime of relative failure . The three children ( Cindy O'Callaghan , Roy Snart , and Ian Weighill ) actually showing more interesting sides in their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS ( Weighill in particular , as something of a budding opportunist thinking of blackmailing Lansbury after finding out she is a witch ) . The only surprising waste ( possibly due to cutting of scenes ) is Roddy McDowall as the local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film . With his possible role as a disapproving foe of witchcraft he should have had a bigger part . Also of note is John Ericson , as the German officer who leads a raid at the conclusion of the film , only to find that he is facing something more powerful than he ever imagined in the British countryside , and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for the magic formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson are seeking . < br /><br />As for the animation , the two sequences under the sea in a lagoon , and at the wildest soccer match ever drawn are well worth the view , with Tomlinson pulled into the latter as the referee , and getting pretty badly banged up in various charges and scrimmages . As I said it is a pretty fine sample of the Disney studio 's best work .
1 The obvious parallels between Walt Disney 's charming fantasy Bedknobs and Broomsticks and C.S. Lewis Chronicles of Narnia are pretty apparent . There are more coincidences here than comparing Bedknobs and Broomsticks than with Mary Poppins even though a lot of the same creative talent went into the two Disney films.<br /><br />Like The Chronicles of Narnia it involves some English children leaving London during the blitz and coming to live in the country . And those kids have to deal with a world of magic . But unlike C.S. Lewis the Rawlins kids have the magic invade their world and help defeat the people making a mess of it in the here and now . No retreating to a fantasy kingdom like the Pevensie kids.<br /><br />No heavy duty philosophy here from Walt Disney except maybe it 's not a good thing to mess with witches even apprentice ones like Angela Lansbury who learn their magic from a charlatan like David Tomlinson . Ms. Lansbury did n't get to be one of the most bankable of performers for nothing . She carries her own brand of magic that even the special effects boys at Disney could n't top . And they won an Oscar for the Magic Kingdom in that department for this film.<br /><br />Two performers made their farewell to films in Bedknobs and Broomsticks . Tessie O'Shea played her last role in this film , she graced many a film in the United Kingdom as one of their best loved music hall performers . And that grand character actor Reginald Owen as the retired general who leads the Old Home Guard in war and in song bids adieu to film audiences around the world.<br /><br />The team of Robert B. Sherman and Richard M. Sherman who wrote the score for Mary Poppins wrote a good and serviceable one here . The Age Of Not Believing was nominated for an Oscar , but lost to the Theme from Shaft . Personally though I do like David Tomlinson 's tribute to that most colorful of London streets , Portabello Road.<br /><br />Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a fine fantasy film that still holds up well after almost 40 years . Imagine what it would be like with computer generated graphics .
1 Fabulous , fantastic , probably Disney 's best musical adventure . I have loved this film for over 35 years because it is so imaginative , clever and fun . Even despite the silly " flying bed " scenes , the other scenes and dialog are magical and funny . Could they have picked anyone better than Angela Lansbury to play Eglantine ? I can not think of anyone more suited to the role . Remaking this classic would be as stupid as remaking Mary Poppins.<br /><br />David Tomlinson , though he had few quality movie roles , absolutely shines in this adventure . He was a comic genius who is often forgotten nowadays . Blustering , prim and proper Englishman -- nobody could really do slapstick and pull it off as gracefully as he does . It would be tragic to remake this film because Tomlinson has been deceased for a few years and nobody could step into his shoes and do his character justice.<br /><br />The dancing nightgowns and armor have a magical aura about them that other movies with witches just do n't capture . I particularly enjoy the parts where the Germans invade Eglantine 's house and she must defend it in any way she can.<br /><br />Bobbing along , bobbing along on the bottom of the beautiful briny , sea . Richard and Robert Sherman outdid themselves on the musical numbers . All of them are fantastic and worth remembering , Portobello Road being one of my favorites.<br /><br />A great film that still holds up today ! !
1 I will always have a soft spot for this Disney flick , another of their part live action / part animation entries that sought to recreate the success of " Mary Poppins " and never quite made it . When I was in grade school , every once in a while we would have a movie day , where the whole school would crowd into the cafeteria , and a movie would be projected the old - fashioned way , multiple reels and all . At the time , it seemed like a momentous occasion whenever this day arrived , and " Bedknobs and Broomsticks " is one of the movies I can remember seeing this way.<br /><br />And from what I remember , it 's quite charming . Angela Lansbury never put her name to anything that was n't at least competent , and she 's winning here as a witch with a magic bed ( boy , that could be misconstrued , could n't it ? ) who can take her and a couple of young kids on magic adventures to far - off places . Come on , what kid would n't want a bed like that ? < br /><br />Grade : A
1 I have personally seen many Disney movies in my lifetime , though absolutely none of them match up in any way to Bedknobs and Broomsticks . Although I personally would n't have crossed live - action with animation , it was an improvement on trying to dress people up as animation characters . The movie pits three evacuees from world war two who are sent to stay with a silent and socially awkward woman in the country . I would have to say that the casting was brilliant . Angela Landsbury made a perfect Miss Price , while David Thomilson made a great desperate entertainer love interest . Endings always surprise me and this was no exception . It was neither happy nor sad , though I do not know if this was intentional . The dialog was n't great , but considering it was designed to be a kid 's movie , that is alright . Overall , I would give the performance nine out of ten , the dialog six out of ten , the casting nine out of ten and the costumes eight out of ten .
1 I 've just purchased the restored version of a film that I remember with much affection from childhood and it 's certainly made for a curious afternoon 's entertainment . Bedknobs definitely makes more sense in its complete form , the deleted scenes ( especially those with McDowall ) link events together quite neatly . What is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered . Clearly , the soundtrack to this footage had been lost or damaged , so some bright spark at Disney decided to dub the scenes with new dialogue . Which would have been great except that half the cast were n't around to do it ( some for better reasons than others ) and the whole thing has a rather shoddy quality to it . Some of the lip - synching is pretty poor , and David Tomlinson 's voice has been dubbed by a bloke who sounds absolutely nothing like David Tomlinson ( there 's actually a hint of German in it , I think ) . However , good to hear the full versions of all the songs ( although ' Step in the right Direction ' is still absent ) and the moments of magic in this film still shine through . And I challenge you not to giggle when young Paul gazes so innocently at Angela Lansbury and coos " but what 's that got to do with my knob ? ? "
1 IN LOVING MEMORY OF DAVID TOMLINSON ( 1917 - 2000)<br /><br />When I watched this movie for the first time I was 4 years old and I got fascinated by this story of witches in the 2nd World War . The scene , which impressed me the most , was the fight between the Nazi soldiers and the medieval army . It was exceptional to see this army without a body walk to fight the astonished singing their march . This movie is fantastic , from the trip to Portobello Road ( which became to me the most fantastic place of London ) to the journey to Naboomboo . Angela Lansbury and David Tomlinson are really a fantastic couple . She is always great , it seems the good aunt of a family and David with his always astonished face is her great co - protagonist . we 'll miss him a lot .
1 Okay , this film is about Bedknobs and Broomsticks , it 's one of the most charming , delightful movies you 'll ever see as a kid . It 's the unforgettable movie about two adults and two spunky kids on an adventure for fun . It may be a little deniable to watch , but try it , I neither my mother did n't think it was bad , I was very enthused with the movie and the animation , they were all quite good.<br /><br />It is a delightfully wondrous comedy for the whole family to enjoy ; even the kids . Ages 7 years and up will enjoy this wonderful , musical comedy with you and your family especially the animation . The animation movements and layouts are really nice and deserve a thumbs up . It 's a terrifically good musical for the whole family so what are you waiting for ? Go to the video store and rent Bedknobs and Broomsticks NOW .
1 Perhaps Disney was hoping for another Mary Poppins but this is a very different story and while Angela is delightful she was a very different performer to the great Julie Andrews . Having said that Lansbury is perfectly cast and delivers a magical performance . There is something deliciously dotty about her character and she is given wonderful support by David Tomlinson . Tomilinson can carry a tune but he is certainly not much chop as a singer . It does not matter he was such a gifted actor you hardly notice . There are some great cameos from much loved stars of another time like Roddy McDowel who gives a winning performance and the much loved Tessie OShea who does very little but its nice to see the old gal again . Its also lovely to see Sam Jaffe and the king of English television Bruce Forsythe in small roles . The score has a couple of beautiful songs especially The briny sea and The age of Not Believing . The big number Portabello Road is stretched to the limit but it has plenty of theatricality . The effects look a bit cliché today but the scene with the German invaders being attacked by the wildest army in film is pretty impressive . The kids are not as annoying as other movies but one does struggle to understand what the youngest boy is saying . I loved the marching song of the home army . The home guard were very important to Britain and this is a warm tribute . The animation is delightful , much better than Pixar which I find grotesque . A warm happy film and its a wonder its not done on stage .
1 Mary Poppins is definitely much better , but this is a lovely film nonetheless . Angela Lansbury is splendidly dotty as Engletine Price , and David Tomlinson has great fun as Mr. Brown . Their chemistry was just brilliant as well . The children , however just lacked the same sparkle , though Paul is very funny and cute . The songs were actually not as bad as some people say , " Beautiful Briny Sea " is the best , in fact all the songs are outstanding . The special effects were wonderful , that had plenty of magic , and the story is original enough . The highlights , though , like Mary Poppins , were the animated sequences . The underwater sequence was beautiful , but my favourite was the football match , which was absolutely hilarious . The only other criticism was that I did n't quite get the ending when I first saw it . All in all , a lovely film , that is hardly ever on . 8/10 Bethany Cox
1 I saw this when on The Wonderful World of Disney as a kid , so I did n't recall much of it . As I watched it recently , I sat there thinking , " This is the weirdest thing I 've seen".<br /><br />The ' traveling ' scenes look like something caused by an LSD overdose . The animated characters are mostly oddly colored / voiced versions of Jungle Book and Robin Hood characters . Some not - so - Disney things I noticed : kids being threatened at knife point and prostitutes(during the Portobello Road song).<br /><br />It was very entertaining , though the musical numbers were long and I can see little kids getting bored with them . Also , the subject manner was a bit dark , seeing as it was set during WW2 .
1 While it certainly was n't the best movie I 've ever seen , it was certainly worth the $ 8 ( which ca n't be said for many movies these days.)<br /><br />This was a pleasant account of a true story , although many of the details of the real story were twisted for the movie , ( ie , Billy Sunday 's character was three or four people in the real story combined together . ) Robert DeNiro was of course good , and Cuba Gooding , Jr. , was also impressive .
1 " Inspirational " tales about " triumph of the human spirit " are usually big turn - offs for me . The most surprising thing about MEN OF HONOR is how much I enjoyed it in spite of myself . The movie is as predictable and cliched as it gets , but it works . Much credit goes to the exhilarating performances by both leads . It 's a perfect role for Cuba Gooding , Jr. , who 's wonderfully restrained here . We have come to expect a lot from De Niro , and he does n't disappoint . He creates a darkly funny portrait . Director George Tillman , Jr. set out to make an old - style flick and comes up with a winner .
1 I gave it an 8 star rating . The story may have fallen short about 3/4 of the way into the picture but the performances remained strong throughout."Men of Honor " was changed from " Navy Diver " understandably so . Anyone who has served in any branch of the armed forces will probably feel that " Honor " is an appropriate word to use in the title .
1 You think you 've had it tough ? You should check out this film . Carl Brashear is the epitome of courage and determination . What this man had to go through to become a navy diver , should be an inspiration to us all . And significantly , after seeing this film , I learned that what is shown is not even the half of it ! Cuba Gooding , Jr. does some of his best work to date as Brashear . De Niro , as usual is good as the southern redneck who trains him . George Tillman in only his second major feature ( after " Soul Food " ) , has made a quantum leap as a filmmaker . If you want to be moved and inspired , you definitely need to check out this one .
1 For me , this is one of the best movies i ever saw . Overcoming racism , struggling through life and proving himself he is n't just an ordinary " cookie " , Carl Brashear is an amazing character to play , who puts Cuba in his best light , best performance in his life . De Niro , who is a living legend gives THAT SOMETHING to the movie . Hated his character in movie , but he gives so much good acting to this film , great performance . And appearance of beautiful Charlize was and as always is a big plus for every movie . So if you have n't seen this movie i highly recommended for those who love bravery , greatness who seek inspiration . You must look this great drama . My Vote 9/10 .
1 Carl Brashear ( Cuba Gooding , Jr. ) was born to sharecroppers in the deep south . He joins the navy , whereupon he tells his father he will be back . The father gives him an old radio , and Brashear leaves on the navy bus . The Most valuable thing his unemotional father taught him was , " Never quit " . After a recommendation from a white commander Powers Boothe ) , who admires his drive and guts , he gets sent to Navy diving school at Bayonne , NJ . He endures harassment from his pals in uniform and from his trainer , Chief Navy Master Diver , Billy Sunday ( Robert De Niro ) , and from the commanding officer , called pappy , ( Hal Holbrook , who " has almost as many loose screws as an old car " . They all want to make him drop out , and the prejudice is quite fierce . The dangers of diving prove a further setback when he loses a leg due to an accident on board ship . Despite this setback , he tells his wife that he will train and achieve his objective , and with the help of Billy Sunday , ( now both joined in commiseration in their sufferings ) , they train and he is able to become the first black Navy diver with his artificial limb despite the skepticism of a highly mocking and doubtful captain at the Navy Department hearing in Washington , DC to determine if he meets the criteria . An inspirational movie , showing that determination can overcome all odds .
1 This is a must see for independant movie fans , but it also holds up well against mainstream movies . I think we have the makings of the next Woody Allen or < br /><br />Trentin Tarrentino here.<br /><br />The budget is painfully low . No special effects whatsoever , and they seemingly used ambient lighting ( shot in digital video . ) -And yet this movie grabs hold of you and never lets go . The screenplay is somewhat bizarre , yet the actors and director pull it off with complete realism . It has humor , it has intrigue , and it has pathos , and it all works together.<br /><br />No point in describing the details . If you want to see an independant < br /><br />masterpiece , a virtual lesson in how to make a low budget flick that really works , see this one.<br /><br />-Oh yeah , it 's also REALLY entertaining.<br /><br / >
1 This independent , B&W , DV feature consistently shocks , amazes and amuses with it 's ability to create the most insane situations and then find humor and interest in them . It 's all hilarious and ridiculous stuff , yet as absurd as much of the film should be , there is a heart and a reality here that keeps the film grounded , keeps the entire piece from drifting into complete craziness and therein lies the real message here . This film is about how we all survive in a world gone mad . That seems to be the heart of the film . For as insane and off the wall as things get , Leon , the 30 yr . old paperboy - protagonist , always tries to keep it together . He 's like a child forever trying to catch the balloon that is floating away so that everything will work out for the best , so that everyone can have what they want.<br /><br />The acting in the film could have went far over the top but the exceptional cast really keeps the piece cohesive . Van Meter is perhaps the best of the bunch here with a performance that shines through her absurd diseased tics . Just as the characters in the film do , we overlook her sudden outbursts to see the real person underneath . < br /><br />Majkowski is a true genius here . He takes the utmost ridiculous plot twists and keeps them real . It is his script and his cast that help keep the whole thing afloat . It 's a true testament to the skill of Majkowski and all involved that this film , with it 's grating plot and characters , never once works our nerves . Majkowski has taken a film that could have been abrasive and repugnant , and somehow given it heart and humor . This is a unique film . Not to be missed . < br /><br / >
1 Caught this film at the Arizona International Film Festival . I was n't expecting a lot ( though the festival 's director told me it was one of the best films submitted ) . Five minutes into it I was sold . Shot in B & W on a shoestring budget , this film is hilarious . The acting is solid , the writing is solid and the look of the film is solid . The acting is probably the biggest revelation , since most films shot on low budgets tend to have amateur or stagey acting . Not this one . It features one of the most convincing , endearing and funny portrayals of a character with Tourette 's Syndrome I 've ever seen . The plot is convoluted without being confusing and raunchy without being gratuitous . If you get the chance , see this movie . Filmmakers like Majkowski ( hope I got that right ) deserve the chance to strut their stuff to a wider audience .
1 Surprisingly well made little movie . Short in length at about 90 minutes . For a low budget movie , very well made . Plot is slow to unravel . Cast is excellent especially Elizabeth Van Meter as the girlfriend with Tourette 's Syndrome .
1 Passing stones definitely one of the best comedy independent films ever . You must have a sense of humor to fully enjoy this one . This film for some reason has n't received its credit due . First , lets start with the story line everyone loves a good treasure hunt . When a dead father leaves letters behind advising of a hidden treasure it not only brings two families together but starts a whirlwind adventure . Mix in a polish translator , a comatose mother , a crack - head with turrets syndrome , a twisted homosexual hypnotist , and one drag queen , money not only makes the world go round but can turn family into enemies . My favorite character in this film would have to be the sister / crack addict with turret 's syndrome , her sudden out burst will have you crying and mimicking for weeks .
1 Here 's what I knew about " Atlantis " before watching it:<br /><br / > * - It 's officially Disney 's first animated sci - fi adventure . I 'm not sure how accurate that is ( I like to nitpick ) but it made me curious first time I heard it described.<br /><br / > * - The preview looked , for the most part , damn cool . Evidently , it was also " too cryptic " according to some critics after the fact.<br /><br / > * - It apparently did SO badly that Disney said , " Screw it , let 's re - release ' Spy Kids'".<br /><br />So , with all that said , how is the movie?<br /><br />Hella - cool.<br /><br />I'm a sucker for animated fantasy that involves stirring music and rampant special effects anyway , but " Atlantis " goes all out . It 's a throwback to all the CGI eye - candy shots in " Beauty and the Beast " and " Aladdin " , so much so that it 's almost an effects animator 's Best - Of Show . The characters maybe are n't that memorable ( except , perhaps , for the ship 's medical officer ) , and the plot 's a little dull , but this is n't a movie you watch for the plot.<br /><br />Here 's a controversy that bothers me . The " failure " ( as in , it " only " took in , like , five - hundred - million or something ; I know animators who 'd kill to see fifteen bucks of that ) of this movie compared to the popularity of " Shrek " and " Monsters Inc. " has been seen as evidence of the death of traditional animation . I do n't think that 's true . How do you account for the " South Park " movie ? What about " Final Fantasy " ? Really , the story and the artistry is everything , not the method . I do n't know what Disney 's comeback movie will be like , but I do n't think they 're out of the picture yet .
1 I thought this movie was very well put together . The voice - overs were also great . I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals . I would recommend this movie to anyone . It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it . Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh . Other scenes made me sad . And others made me glad . It is a movie any age can enjoy . From the moment Milo is the crazy " profesor " or until he gathers the crew up for the fantastic voyage under the sea . After I watched the movie , I read the book . It was good as well , but the movie puts better pictures in your mind . It is just like the book . But go ahead and watch this movie !
1 Disney , the film name that once stood for all things innocent and suitable for all ages , has finally started to realise that to survive it needs to become more diverse . Such diversity has been very apparent in the last couple of years . Films like " Tarzan " and " The Emperor 's New Groove " have made an attempt to move away from the traditional song - driven routine of Disney 's past and into new , uncharted territory . " Atlantis " is the boldest step yet , but we have to remember : This is STILL Disney . The first ever serious film to come out of Disney 's animation studio is a major achievement for them - in fact it 's so serious it makes it into PG territory . Perhaps why a lot of families were scared off from seeing it this past summer.<br /><br />But despite the more mature subject matter , this is still a film that Disney wanted to draw in the families with , not just mature audiences , so the plot had to be kept simple enough for children to understand , but interesting enough to take it away from the realms of " The Little Mermaid " et al.<br /><br />So what we get is actually a potentially detailed plot , unfortunately suffering the blow of being condensed into a 96-minute movie . Ultimately , this is an action film about Atlantis , not about the exposition preceding it , so we are whisked through the first half hour with as many sequences bombarding the screen as is possible without losing coherency . Suspend your disbelief of how the characters get from point A to point B so quickly , you 're unlikely to find an animated film that detailed coming out of Hollywood ! If you want epic levels of detail in the plot , turn to James Cameron 's " Titanic " . Both films feature a boat in some manner.<br /><br />And let 's talk about love , shall we ? Yes , as with a lot of films , the lead male ( one Milo Thatch , a bumbling archaeologist ) and lead female ( Kida , the clichéd Atlantian princess ) are set to fall in love with each other . But what I found was not as clichéd as I was expecting . By film 's end , for once , the characters touching / feeling / kissing sequence was far more subdued . There 's various points in the film where the attraction grows , but it 's just not in the ballpark of , say , " The Little Mermaid " ( A good thing).<br /><br />You may have grasped that this is a rather clichéd film . Correct . You have your leading hero and heroine , backed up by more than half a dozen crew members who go on the expedition , all being given their moments during the film . Numerous other characters appear , take up the few minutes of screentime , then disappear . It does n't take a genius to do the maths – a 96-minute film with a focus on action and visuals , and with a considerable cast , has very little time to expand the characters to any major extent . So what does it rely on ? Clichés , and lots of them . Every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before . You have the bumbling scientist , the attractive princess , the square - jawed colonel , the rich eccentric , the maniacal sleazebag , the Russian femme fatale – need I go on?<br /><br />I do n't know why this got to anyone – I found the tongue - in - cheek nature of this film quite amusing . Alright , this is meant to be a serious flick , but do you really expect Disney to give up every single trait of their history ? At least the writers have tried to come up with consistently witty dialogue , and sometimes it even is a little inspired.<br /><br />But in the end it 's those big stunning visuals that put the icing on this cake . The CGI animation is truly amazing in places , and does n't dwarf the characters , which was a flaw that let the recent " Titan A.E. " down . Speaking of characters , Disney hired an outside comics industry artist to create the designs , bringing an anime style to the film . Infact the visual presentation of the film as a whole owes a lot to anime , much more so than any previous Disney outing . This resulted in a conflict with fans of the Japanese anime , " Nadia " , for the film 's overall similarities with said cartoon series . Having not seen this anime , I ca n't comment.<br /><br />With picture , there is sound . Gary Rydstrom heads up the sound team , and what a soundtrack ! From the opening shot the sound stage is alive and is a treat . James Newton Howard treats us to a dynamic musical score , which compliments the film in every way , never sounding out of place and always helping to build the tension or subdue it.<br /><br />Perhaps I missed the point of what the creators intended . To me , the film conveys that it 's an adventure thrill ride , albeit with a more serious tone than any Disney film before it . If you do n't like the clichéd tongue - in - cheek attitude , then perhaps the effort that has been poured into the visuals will delight . Heck , at least the mythology is far more correct than can be said about other Disney efforts ( * cough*Hercules*cough*).<br /><br />This is a positive , 10 out of 10 review , from someone who was blown away by this film . I always suspend my disbelief with any animated film – after all , the laws of the real world are more than frequently broken in the cartoon medium . So sit back , enjoy the ride , and perhaps everyone can find something to enjoy about this film .
1 This movie was great ! It was an excellent rendition of an ancient myth . The animation was somewhat odd , but nothing new from Disney . It was definitely better than expected for a Disney movie with no singing.<br /><br />The background animation was magical . It was a different level of work for the Disney people . Some of the characters were a little boxy , but it was more than made up for with the beauty and lushness of the scenery . The music was largely instrumental but that was perfect for the movie . This was definitely not a film that needed the characters to bust into song.<br /><br />Perfect . 10 out of 10 .
1 It is written in stone that Disney animations simply ~must~ be musicals . Right ? Where ? Show me . Because I found this attempt to be much more enjoyable for ~not~ containing the hokey made - for - five - year - old standard Disney musical fare . < br /><br />While the story was not as enthralling as it could have been , it was still quite good , enjoyable , and adventurous . I had hoped for a bit more , yes , considering the subject matter , but this movie is ~not~ the bitter disappointment or utter failure it has been billed to be . < br /><br />The animation quality is average , but the dialog is quite compelling , as is the story line , plot , sub - plot , and amazing creativity I found within this production . I will refrain from outlining the plot , as it has been done and done , but this movie is well worth a view if you are a fan of fantasy.<br /><br />This is , in my opinion , THE BEST Disney Animated Feature Length Film.<br /><br />It rates a 9.4/10 from ... <br /><br />the Fiend : .
1 I thought that this film was very enjoyable . I watched this film with my wife BEFORE I had my first child . Therefore , I was not watching it as simply family entertainment and I still thoroughly enjoyed it . It seems as though many of the reviews are pointing out that this movie is not earth shattering , there were no unexpected plot changes and that the movie was predictable and boring . If these people were watching this movie expecting to have a religious experience doing so , then they were obviously going to be disappointed . This is simply an animated movie ; nothing more . If you want to see this movie simply to sit back and let yourself be entertained , you will not be disappointed . In closing , this is definitely not the best movie Disney has made , but it IS entertaining and I do not understand the bad reputation it has received .
1 Definitely a very good idea , screenplay was just OK.Could have been better , The positives are that it does n't bore you if you 're an adventure lover , A new idea about the lost world of Atlantis . Negatives are that I personally feel that this idea had so much more potential than this . They should 've ended up with a better adventure than this . It was n't bad at all but it would have been much better with some more runtime . Enjoyed it a lot though , Cant say that it was boring or was n't good .. A good one for the people who like adventure animations like Sindbad , like The road to el Dorado . This movie is also recommended for people looking for a nice little adventure with a very nice happy ending .
1 " Atlantis " is a new and right step for a Disney feature . It 's a good choice to make a film by such a mysterious legend like " Atlantis " . I did n't have any expectations for this film , but after watching it , I do n't quite understand why this film got so bad reviews . Even in my country the reviewers were n't positive.<br /><br />"Atlantis " is not a perfect movie , but still one of Disney 's greatest , even I doubt that this film ever will get " Disney classic " reputation . Well , that 's another case . It 's funny to think that this sci - fi movie was directed by the same directors as " Beauty and the Beast " and " Hunchback " ( so Kirk Wise and Gary Trousdale are trying to get away from their monster movies reputation , he he , I 'm just kidding).<br /><br />Well , enough nonsense . " Atlantis " is a watchable , exiting and very enjoyable film . Even this film it 's a PG - rated action - feature , it 's also suitable for kids , in my opinion ( parents who mean the opposite , do n't kill me for writing this , he he).<br /><br />The story is a little predictable , but it does n't ruin the movie . The comic book - inspired animation it 's suitable for the film and set 's a departure from the usual Disney - style . It 's colorful , dark and detailed . The Deep Canvas sequences are pretty impressive . The film is also funny sometimes , even I more giggled than laugh through the movie . ( SPOILERS ) The characters of this film are also very likable , but unfortunately there is n't enough screen time to get to know everybody , so some characters are left behind ( SPOILERS).<br /><br />The score of James Newton Howard is absolutely great . It 's daring and exotic . ( SPOILER ) The most impressive about this film is how they 're making the Atlantean language sound very natural , ethnic and authentic . It 's really awesome ( SPOILERS OVER)<br /><br />The script is tight and well - written , but still the there are some questions left unanswered in the story . But luckily there are not so much of them.<br /><br />So do you 're self a favor , do n't listen to the reviewers and watch " Atlantis " , cause it 's waiting for you ...
1 Atlantis : The Lost Empire is a better movie than I thought . I never thought this movie would lead to my expectations . True , this movie started slow , but as the movie wore on it became more to my liking . The story takes place in 1914 and is about a guy named Milo . Milo believes in the fabled Atlantis . Along with friends of his grandfather , he embarks on an amazing adventure of his own . Along the way , he must endear friendship , betrayal , trust , and more . The voice cast is great . They surely know how to carry movies with only their voice talent . The music is nothing special but likable anyway . The animation is not the best , but it is still good enough . Overall , this is a good family movie for all ages . I rate this movie 9/10 .
1 The movie " Atlantis : The Lost Empire " is a shining gem in the rubble of films produced by the Disney Studios recently . Parents who have had to sit through " The Jungle Book 2 " or even a Pokemon movie will surely appreciate this one.<br /><br />The film is one of few to attempt at an original story ; previous feature films were merely re tellings of existing stories . Films such as " Toy Story " , " Finding Nemo " , and " Monsters Inc. " all do the same , but it must be noted that all were made by Pixar and only distributed by Disney . Recent films from the Disney Studios are mostly released direct to video , and are sequels to an existing successful film . The quality of those films is given way to the profitability . A new era started with " Atlantis " following it were " Mulan " , " Lilo & Stitch " , and most recently " Open Range " . The writers have created all original story lines instead of the fairy tales of the past.<br /><br />A good portion of the movie is devoted to the quest to find Atlantis , a task that has captured the imagination of many for hundreds of years . Including that of young Milo Thatch , voiced by Michael J. Fox . Milo is employed by a museum in Washington D.C .. His grandfather was a renowned archaeologist , who had devoted his life to discovering Atlantis . This was seen as a waste by his peers , and they wish Milo to not follow in his footsteps . After failing to convince the museum board of directors to sponsor his expedition , Milo comes home to find a woman in his darkened apartment . She takes him to her employer , a Mr. Whitmore . Whitmore was a close friend of Milo 's grandfather , and wishes to send Milo with a team to locate Atlantis . Mr. Whitmore is very wealth and has paid for the best of everything . The crew that is to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers . The journey is filled with many great obstacles to overcome and is great fun to watch . The viewer finds themselves caught up in if they will reach Atlantis . The plot takes an unexpected turn after the discovery Atlantis , not just the discovery of people . It is enough to keep the interest of the older audience.<br /><br />The animators have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation . The movie is very successful in blending traditional animation with Computer Generated Images . A feat not easily achieved , most audiences are quick to notice the difference in the two . The characters are believably human . There are some nice chase type scenes , with lots of action going on . A few lulls are filled with jokes that the children just may not get.<br /><br />The creativity of the writers really shines through . The culture of Atlantis is richly developed , including an entire language . The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources , such as Plato . The disappearance of Atlantis from the world is explained . Believable , if by a younger audience , that magic really does exist . The powers of the people of Atlantis are not exactly presented as magic , but can best be described in this way.<br /><br />Although set in 1914 the level of technology used is unrealistic . The voyage is in a submarine very reminiscent of Captain Nemo 's nautilus , complete with sub pods that fire torpedoes . The giant diggers are driven by steam boilers so they did try for some era technology . The female characters are empowered in a way that women of the age would not have been , even holding roles in leadership . This is not a bad thing . It gives a good role model for my daughter to look to , rather than an all male cast.<br /><br />One reason this film is a favorite of mine over other Disney films is that there is not one single song , ever . A tradition that began with the first feature film , " Snow White " , and carried on through to " The Lion King " , almost every Disney film is full of upbeat songs . This is great and all , what would the Seven Dwarfs be without " Hi HO ! " ? After the millionth time through it 'd almost be better without , but this one spares the parent . Not once does every single person on the screen suddenly know the words to a song that no one has ever heard before and break out in song . I for one am grateful.<br /><br />The storyline and depth of animation is sure to keep the attention of both parent and child alike . It is a film I am willing to watch again and again with my children .
1 Atlantis : The Lost Empire has some of the best , smoothest animation and cleverly written dialogue of any Disney movie I 've seen . And I was convinced of that in the first 15 minutes . I especially love Don Novello 's voice work on Vincenzo Santorini and Phil Morris as Joshua Strongbear Sweet . Too bad the whole film seems to move at about double the pace that would be appropriate - at least in the first act . One important aspect of any Disney movie is a satisfying antagonist - which Atlantis does n't provide . He 's average at best . Halfway through the movie there 's a mediocre twist . That 's all . It 's a great movie nevertheless . Everyone should check it out .
1 Atlantis is probally the best Disney movie that i have seen in years . It has great action scene , magic , an intelligent and weel written script . Atlantis , brings back the magic of the Disney Classics such as " The Lion King " or " Alladin " . After Seeing this one i 'm sure that this year summer blockbusters season will be great.<br /><br />I recommend to you all , " Alantis : The Lost Empire is like a breath of inspiration.<br /><br />9 out of 10
1 If you have sons or daughters who love action , adventure , intrigue , and imagination - without the need to break into song every twelve minutes - then this is the Disney movie for you ! My sons loved every minute of this film , and I have to admit that I laughed out loud many times throughout the movie . There are no sappy songs to get in the way of a wonderfully told story , and the characters are all lovable and identifiable in their own right . This should go down as one of the Disney " classics " because of its beautifully illustrated scenery and its non - stop excitement !
1 While I have a great respect for Disney 's animated films , as of late they have n't really been what I would call " must - see " . Atlantis looked intriguing from the first movie poster and trailer , and thankfully lived up to my expectations.<br /><br />Atlantis is a more " mature " Disney film in the sense that it lacks songs ( a very unusual trait for a Disney film indeed ) , and is focused more on action and discovery than any other recent Disney offering . The world of Atlantis , hidden beneath the earth 's core , is fantastic , presented as desolate caverns with ruins , and then slowly developing into actual ecosystems , which , while usually containing some reminder of harshness , become more and more intriguing until the tropical paradise itself is reached . The presentation of simply Atlantis ' landscape and setting , without some expendable cheery song , gave the kingdom a much more beautiful and intriguing appearance . The inclusion of an Atlantean language , as well as attempts to connect it into the mythology of real - life ancient civilizations adds to this , and works fairly well.<br /><br />Also , with the exception of some scenes involving Mole 's practical jokes , there did n't seem to be much of a " childish " element that I usually associate with Disney films . Instead , the main elements were the struggle to get to Atlantis , and the constant discovery that occurred at Atlantis , as Milo the outsider was able to learn all he ever needed to know about the place by helping the Atlanteans discover parts of their own history that they did n't know about . Part of this involves the Atlantean " weaponry " , which is used in a very action - packed climax which is , for lack of a better word , quite exciting.<br /><br />Granted , not all of the story makes full sense , and the film does n't feature any amazing new computer - generated visual effects , but , aside from the Toy Story movies , this is the most entertaining Disney film I 've seen in years .
1 Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated . In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age . Although this film did demand a solid attention span at times . It was a great film for all ages . I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure . I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies . A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies . After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis .
1 Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated . In some ways it had a better story than come of the other films aimed at a higher age . Although this film did demand a soid attention span at times . It was a great film for all ages . I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure . I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies . A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies . After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis .
1 Beautiful to watch , but what would be the first thing you would do the moment YOU discovered Atlantis ? Explore it ! Here was a golden opportunity to take viewers someplace special . Instead , Disney reverted to the same old formula story telling .
1 Ok , after reading a couple of reviews on Atlantis : The Lost Empire , I just want to clear up some misunderstanding as to it being a direct rip off from Nadia : Secret of the Blue Water . The only part that was a ripoff from Nadia is that the pendant from Nadia and the pendant from Atlantis bear so much resemblence in terms of how it 's used , origins and how it 's created from the source of life that there 's no doubt about it being copied . If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia is dressed alike then you could put that against Disney too(It was kind of wierd for Nadia and Kida to wear that bikini style clothing in an adventure sci - fi , not to mention they both move in a similar style too ) . As an anime fan I have to agree there 's some degree of copying but it 's only on the minor details and even though not many of the ideas are original ( like the encryption design on the wall in Laputa , the ancient mask from Princess Mononoke , the resemblence of the vehicles to the Garfish submarine in Nadia , etc) ... The plot itself I believe it 's highly original and it 's quite amazing that Disney can pull it off without the use of Captain Nemo(the main character in Jules Verne 's 20k Leagues Under the Sea which is also the main character in Nadia ) . As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style glasses ... As shown in the novel " Lord of the Flies " , glasses is a symbol of wisdom and intelligence . I think Mylo , Jean , the main character from Stargate and a dozen of other " INTELLIGENT " characters would look kind of unfit for the role if they went in without glasses . As for the submarines , and how the submarines fight(with those wide blast torpedos which really resembles what Nautilius does ) , I want to state that it 's a required element for either one if Atlantis is involved in the plot(after all it 's a sunken city beneath the waters ) . As for the crew having some charactistical resemblence with the crew from Nautilius in Nadia , it might be the artwork but I do n't sense any copyright infringement there as the character 's personalities were perfectly original to me . As an anime fan that rated Nadia as the # 1 best anime I ever watched even now today . I do have my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview . But now that I watched the movie , I once again regained my confidence with Disney and have high hopes for their future movies after Atlantis . Overall , the best Disney movie yet without me shivering at the sound of their songs at the middle of the movie and it 's a plus that they revised their cheesy scripts to make it even better . Also , it 's amazing that they actually portray the bad guys look normal with out making them overly evil in the beginning ( I was wondering who the bad guys are and only the blonde girl kind of resemble the looks of a bad character in terms of how Disney draws it aka make the bad guys look really menacing )
1 To my surprise , I really enjoyed Disney 's latest animation installment . The Film had its lows , but overall I felt the story was strong and the characters were easy to relate to . It was also pleasant to see an Animated Disney film that was not a musical . I was about pushed to the limits with Tarzan . Thankfully they gave the music thing a rest . Another nice feature about the film is that the comedy was not completely dumbed down ( a la Hercules ) , rather subtle so it still made the kids laugh while not make the adults feel giddy or just plain stupid.<br /><br />One disappointment was the animation . With all the great animated films happening outside Disney studios , you would think they would move along and catch up a little . There is something to say about tradition , but imagine the possibilities with the story of Atlantis ! Overall the film was entertaining , and definitely worth a trip to the multiplex.<br /><br / >
1 I LOVED this movie ! I am biased seeing as I am a huge Disney fan , but I really enjoyed myself . The action takes off running in the beginning of the film and just keeps going ! This is a bit of a departure for Disney , they do n't spend quite as much time on character development ( my husband pointed this out)and there are no musical numbers . It is strictly action adventure . I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone who loves Disney , be they young or old .
1 While there are n't any talking animals , big lavish song production numbers , or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance , and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio . If you thought think " The Castaways " or " The Island At The Top Of The World " were n't identical , or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis , then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin ' cartoon .
1 While there are n't any talking animals , big lavish song production numbers , or villians with half white / half black hair ... it does have 1 thing ... realistic people acting normally in a strange circumstance , and Walt & Roy did in their eras with the studio . If you thought think " The Castaways " or " The Island At The Top Of The World " were n't identical , or you hold them to a higher authority than Atlantis , then your idealism is just as whacked as keeping your kids up till midnight to watch a friggin ' cartoon .
1 that kid a is such a babe ; this movie was no Titan A.E.(of which it is in many ways modeled after ) but still came off as entertaining , the fact this lost to a piece of monkey crap like Tomb raider makes wanna cry ; includes some of the most entertaining characters i 've seen in disney film
1 This highly derivative film will be entertaining for the many who have not seen some of the more obscure anime films . I enjoyed most of it , especially after the rather flat opening minutes in the museum ( although the pre - title sequence is very entertaining and includes some of the better bits of animation ) . James Garner as the Commander and Leonard Nimoy as the King give impressive performances .
1 " Atlantis : The Lost Empire " was everything the previews indicated it would be . It is not often you find that . Most of the time , the previews show only the best parts and then the rest of the movie is terrible . Not so with this one . I was pleased with the original plot , even though the sub - plots were not . The animation was not break through like " Shrek " but it was good , none the less . The plot and the story line were well presented and there were only a few slow spots in them . This keeps you interested . I found myself enjoying this one . " Atlantis " gets and keeps your attention . You also have to think a little bit , but not too much . Once you think about it a little , you can figure out what needs to happen but you really do n't know for sure how it is going to happen.<br /><br />The casting was also good . Michael J. Fox , as Milo was an excellent choice . His personality fits nicely . The gruff natured Commander Rourke was also well chosen with James Garner . His character reminded me of his performance in " Maverick " which I also liked . I really liked the casting of Claudia Christian as Helga Sinclair . Her ability to play a no nonsense personality makes the film more interesting . It 's just too bad she is a villain.<br /><br />Over all , definitely worth you while ( 8 out of 10 ) .
1 I was quite a fan of the series as a child and after that it has always remained in my mind as one of those memorable cartoons that made a difference in the early 80s compared to previous animated series ( Heidi , Barbapapa , Il Etait une Fois l'Homme ... , most of which I love ) . I find that other similar Japanese cartoons of this kind released later ca n't match Mazinger Z , as they started to boringly repeat the same pattern.<br /><br />That very thing , the novelty , may be one of the best features of Mazinger Z. Another good point is its inventiveness , with so many extravagant monsters , strange devices and bizarre characters ; actually , we were eager to see each new installment to find out what kind of new fiend or evil machine was awaiting us !
1 Granted I had seen some " Speed Racer " , but I never really watched it and I had also seen other shows some featuring these characters dressed as birds who flew a ship called the Phoenix and another revolving around a space ship that looked like a giant ocean vessel and it flew backwards at times for some reason and was really dark and hard to understand for someone who was maybe five . This one though I watched nearly every episode and the amazing to me at the time was that this show had some resolution to it . It actually ended , the bad guys done in unlike nearly every American cartoon where nothing really concludes such as the last episode of the generation one Transformers that ended with Galvatron and this new bad guy vowing to get the Autobots , Dungeons and Dragons with the kids never making it home , with GI Joe with Cobra still out there ready to try again and so on and so forth . This one did end and did feature a rather cool robot that got new weapons as the show progressed , it was a bit bland to begin with as it could not fly and had only a few really cool weapons . As it went on he got a cool shooting fist like the one Android 16 used against Cell in Dragonball Z , then that weapon evolved to include razors that shot out . Then the big robot even got wings so he could fly and even more weapons were incorporated into the wings . He would also get a couple of allies in a female robot and a rather funny one called Bobo in America . The villains not only consisted of Dr. Hell , but a really weird person that was half man half woman and a dude with a flying head . Interesting show and it was kind of nice seeing a conclusion .
1 I have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months . Being a huge Jim Carrey fan , I easily saw how he could morph himself into Seuss ' Grinch and make the character his own . I was not disappointed . < br /><br />This movie was pure magic . Carrey is a master at his trade and no one could have played this role to perfection as he did . There was plenty to enjoy for both adults and children alike and this movie is sure to become a timeless classic for all to enjoy in the years to come . I already have visions of my young daughter sitting down year after year to watch this remake on video , and I undoubtedly will watch with her and laugh as I did the first time I saw it.<br /><br />Clearly , this movie has Jim Carrey written all over it , and I do not believe that it would have come together without him . However , the supporting cast was charming and entertaining in their own right , most notably the adorable Taylor Momsen who was the perfect foil for Carrey 's antics . The set design , musical score and costumes all lent their hands to a magical , fabulous finished product and I believe all involved can be proud . < br /><br />It is not an easy feat to turn a 22 minute cartoon classic into a full length live action film , but Howard has succeeded with flying colours . For those critics who disagree , perhaps it is your hearts that are 2 sizes too small .
1 I have just read the lead comment for this film that is on the front page with the voting results and cast run down.<br /><br />Why is it that some people can not take a film for what it is supposed to be.<br /><br />This film is supposed to be a light hearted , tonge in cheek , family comedy , things to make the kids laugh and things for the adults , and that is exactly what this film does.<br /><br />I laughed my nuts off at this film , I thought Carey put in a great performance and the whole film ( if watched at Christmas ) really give you a bit of festive cheer < br /><br />So to all of you film reviewers stop trying to sound like film students and knock every film because it is not " Taxi Driver " or " The Godfather " and take films for what they are supposed to be , entertainment ! !
1 If you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation ... oh well .. but if you wanted to see a funny delightful adaptation of an old classic , you will love it .. Jim Carey was incredible as usual . The story line was great , a few parts added like the history of the Grinch made it even better . Ron Howard never misses a beat .. But although there were a few ADULT comments and cleavage added , this is supped to be a kids or family show . Try not to lose sight of that .. if you do you really wo nt enjoy the movie ... and as for the comments about Ron Howard , try to direct a major motion picture and see how you do .. its not easy as it looks ...
1 I love this movie , but ca n't get what is in this movie tht is not to like . People who do n't like this movie must be Richard Roeper and Roger Ebert . But I ca n't believe that is Mr. Carrey behind all that makeup . And I am sure that most of the actors and actresses in the movie has made film before this . And there is a new face in the movie . Taylor Momsen who plays Cindy Lou Who . As the opens , the Grinch ( Jim Carrey ) comes out of hiding . And causes some mean fun to the who s in Whoville . Sicne we know that the who s love Christmas . While The Grinch does not like christmas . And even makes fun of little Cindy Lou Who ( Taylor Momsen ) who is the daughter of the town 's postmaster ( Bill Irwin ) . The movie was directed by Ron Howard . And the narrtor 's voice is done by Anthony Hopkins . And Jeffrey Tambor ( Muppets From Space ) is cast as the mayor of whoville . Who does n't like talking about the Grinch close to Christmas time .
1 I found this a very entertaining small kids movie that actually is geared more for adults with a lot of jokes and humor only they would understand . A few things are inappropriate for the kiddies , but just a few . Othewise , " The Grinch " ( Jim Carrey ) cracks so many jokes you ca n't keep up with them all , ranging from sexual to cultural to insider - Hollywood to racial.<br /><br />The film is very colorful and looks great on DVD . The little girl in here , " Cindy Lou Who " ( Taylor Momsen ) is really cute and the costumes and hairdos of the little people in here are fun to view . Anthony Hopkins ' voice is pleasing , too , so having his narrate this elevates the movie further . His rhymes are fun to hear.<br /><br />I saw this in the theater , though it was " fair , " but on DVD , it was far better . I 've seen in three times and it got better each time .
1 I thought How The Grinch Stole Christmas was a pretty good movie . It was n't horrible , nor was it great , but it was enjoyable to watch . I felt as if Jim Carrey got a little annoying at times . They made the Grinch seem like a special education person , when all he needed to be was evil and devious , but yet he turned out kind of retarded . I did think the scenery , when not inside the Grinch 's cave , was beautiful , and there was a few parts where I laughed , but most of the time I thought it was just annoying . This movie could 've been " SO " much better if they had changed the Grinch 's personality , and they had included some more laugh scenes , because most of the humor was n't funny . I liked How The Grinch Stole Christmas anyway , but it 's not anything to get excited about seeing .
1 I already loved " How the Grinch Stole Christmas " when it was released and I 'm still loving it now , 5 years later . Still lots of people seem to disagree with my opinion and this movie never really had received much love at the time it came out.<br /><br />Sure , the movie is over - the - top and campy but that at the very same is also the reason why this movie is so charming and fun to watch . All of the sets , costumes and characters are done perfectly over - the - top in a fun way , without ever becoming truly ridicules . It 's a visually spectacular movie to watch . It 's a campy movie making at its very best ! Director Ron Howard really surprises with this fun little Christmas movie.<br /><br />Main reason why the movie works and why it 's so much fun to watch is Jim Carrey as the Grinch . He truly carries the movie with his good and fun role . He is of course helped by the convincing make - up , which also received an Academy Award . Of course if you 're a Jim Carrey hater you should n't even think about watching this movie . This movie is really his movie and he makes it all work and so much fun to watch . Other fun and memorable roles are being played by Jeffrey Tambor , Clint Howard and Josh Ryan Evans as the young Grinch.<br /><br />The movie has a good morale but it is all a bit sappy to me . Perhaps it 's because I 'm Dutch and we do n't really celebrate Christmas that enthusiastic and big here , as in the United States or England . For me the movie was simply fun and entertaining and the morale just left me quite cold to be honest.<br /><br />The musical score by James Horner is good and fun , even though it 's your average every day Horner stuff , it still all works perfectly for the movie and helps to make some of the scene 's work.<br /><br />Perfect Christmas entertainment.<br /><br />8/10
1 jim carrey can do anything . i thought this was going to be some dumb childish movie , and it TOTALLY was not . it was so incredibly funny for EVERYONE , adults & kids . i saw it once cause it was almost out of theatres , and now it 's FINALLY coming out on DVD this tuesday and i 'm way to excited , as you can see . you should definitely see it if you have n't already , it was so great!<br /><br />Liz
1 what can i say . oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird . they scare the heck out of me . but it is such a funny film , Jim Carrey works the grinch . if you have nt already seen it then what you waiting for an invitation . go , go and get watch it . you do nt know what your missing .
1 Jim Carrey shines in this beautiful movie . This is now one of my favorite movies . I read all about the making and I thought it was incredible how the did it . I ca n't wait till this comes out on DVD . I saw this in theaters so many times , I ca n't even count how times I 've seen it .
1 When the Grinch came out I was excited though I thought it was going to be a happy go lucky film and it was . Though it did have a little Nightmare before Christmas touch to it . You know kind of dark and spooky . I loved this film because it helped fill people with the Christmas spirit . So mostly the Grinch saved Christmas . And what happened then well in Whoville they say that the Grinch 's small heart grew three sizes that day . MERRY GRINCHMAS !
1 I waited and waited for this film to come out , the trailers seemed to be on for years , it was worth it . I 'm not a big fan of watching films over and over again but i ca nt wait for this to come out for all to buy ! Not a big fan of Jim but this suited him perfectly , there was so much to see and the ' feel good factor ' is off the scale , perfect for Christmas . I think Ron did a fab job turning this into a film , If you have n't seen it then do so , if you have , watch it again , i know you want to !
1 jim carrey rocks ! if he 's in a movie its bound to be good ! he did not disappoint me with this one!the rest of the cast was cute , especially little cindy lou who and martha may , i was laughing through the whole thing and can not wait to see it again !
1 Jim Carrey is good as usual , and even though there are quite a few " Jim Carrey moments " , it 's definitely not a " Jim Carrey movie".<br /><br />It 's targeted mostly at children , and I managed to enjoy it as such movie . It was promoted in Israel as another Jim Carrey movie , so those who expected a weird over the top comedy were disappointed.<br /><br />The movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids . I ca n't say I LOVED this movie , but then again I 'm not its target audience !
1 How The Grinch Stole Christmas instantly stole my heart and became my favorite movie almost from my very first viewing . Now , eight viewings later , it still has the same impact on me as it did the first time I saw it.<br /><br />Screenwriters Jeffery Price & Peter S. Seaman of Who Framed Roger Rabbit fame do a fantastic job of adapting the story of The Grinch to the screen . Ron Howard 's direction brought the story to full life , and Jim Carrey 's typically energetic performance as The Grinch steals the show.<br /><br />Some detractors of the film have claimed that it is not true to the spirit or principles of the original story . Having read the original story , I must say I can not agree . The movie makes the very same point about Christmas and its true meaning as the original story . Indeed , it enhances the impact of the story by making it more personal by showing us how and why The Grinch became what he was.<br /><br />*MILD SPOILERS * ( They probably would n't ruin the movie for you ... but if you have n't seen it yet and you 're one of those who wants to know NOTHING about a story until you 've seen it , you should skip the next two paragraphs.)<br /><br />I think just about everyone can relate to The Grinch 's terrible experiences in school . I think all of us , at one time or another , were the unpopular one in school who was always picked on . I know I was ... and that 's why I personally had so much sympathy for The Grinch and what he went through.<br /><br />And Cindy Lou Who 's naive idealism , believing that nobody can be all bad , was heart rending . When everyone else had turned their backs on The Grinch out of fear and ignorance , Cindy Lou was determined to be his friend . If only everyone could have such an attitude.<br /><br />In fact , I think the only thing that might 've made the film a little better would have been to further tone down the adult humor and content . It was already pretty restrained , but any of this adult humor ( like when The Grinch slammed nose first into Martha May Whovier 's cleavage ) just does n't fit in a story like this.<br /><br />This one 's well on its way to being a Christmas classic , taking a richly deserved place alongside the book and the Chuck Jones cartoon as a must - see of every Christmas season .
1 I grew up watching , and loving this cartoon every year . I did n't think they would be able to take a half hour ( 20 min ! ) cartoon and make it a movie . They did it . With FLYING COLOURS ! Fabulous , funny , heart warming , effective movie !
1 The costumes and make - up were grand , there were some exceptionally funny lines , and the role was made for Jim Carrey . Carrey did as good a job as could be done given the rather disappointing script writing . Sure this was mostly a movie for kids , but if you are going to spend this much money making a movie you really ought to at least give the story enough body to go beyond that of Dr Seuss . I expected more from Ron Howard . It 's worth a see , but it lacks the necessary qualities to become a major classic , by any measure .
1 I 'm overwhelmed by the work of Jim Carrey . I keep on getting this movie stuck in my head . The Grinch liking Martha May , Cindy Lou(who 's very annoying ; her sweet innocence ) who tries to get the Grinch in the Christmas spirit , the childhood of the Grinch ( very funny ! ) , and moreover the weak obvious ending with- Christmas is n't all about presents . I have to say , I felt stupid walking out of the theater with a bunch of babies and toddlers laughing and so forth , but this movie was a good full - lengthed adaption of Dr . Seuss 's short film and IS for all ages .
1 Let me set the scene . It is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies . I am with my friend deciding what to see . We look for a movie that is starting soon and " The Grinch " comes up . We buy tickets not knowing what to expect . What we got was a roller coaster of fun.<br /><br />Jim Carrey ( who may I add is my No.1 actor in the whole world ) was absolutely magnificent as the Grinch in this Ron Howard 's best movie ( next to Apollo 13 ) . The way that this movie was made , the scenery , the actors , the props and the music was just amazing . It really brought this childhood movie to life.<br /><br />The story is based upon the story of the grinch . As we all know the Grinch is a horrible person who just ca n't stand christmas . He lives high above whoville and has never mingled well with the townfolk . But one little girl is going to change The Grinch 's look on life and on others in a drastic way.<br /><br />Cindy Lou Who ( played by adorable new actress Taylor Momsem ) meets the Grinch as finds the kind part of him straight away . She attempts to break the barrier and to help the Grinch move in and mingle with the towns people.<br /><br />All up this movie is a barrel of laughs for the whole family both kids and parents . A SOLID 10/10 . Well done Jim.<br /><br / >
1 In a word - excellent . This is THE MOVIE . Go and see it . The director Ron Howard ... I mean , The Director Ron Howard did a fantastic job , as he usually does . An incredible attention to detail , vivid colors and decorations , breathtaking Whoville atmosphere , astonishing variety of costumes . Wait , there 's more to it than that - the story is very good , too . There 's clearly a message to be extracted from it by the thoughtful viewers . Jim Carrey is top - notch . He is probably the best Grinch possible . The girl , Taylor Momsen , is real good . I 'm sure she has some great future . The dog is cool . All in all , it 's a very high quality Christmas fairy - tale . If you like fairy - tales , it 's for you . If you like Christmas , it 's for you.<br /><br />Reading some other reviews here ... Get a life . It hurts me every time to see people out there who ... well ... got their hearts two sizes too small .
1 Although I really enjoyed Jim Carrey 's latest " serious " performances ( " The Truman Show " , " Man on the Moon " ) , I 've always thought his real genious lies in physical comedy . This is not to say he is a fantastic , talented actor : those bozos at the Academy Awards seem to dislike him so much , he has never had a ( truly deserved ) nomination or award . Well , any " institution " that nominates for 11 Oscars a bore such as " Titanic " should n't be taken seriously.<br /><br />On with the review . " The Grinch " is the sweetest , best looking , best acted , more enjoyable seasons film since " The Nightmare before Christmas " . Both movies seem very similar , too , with their highly stylized sets and the premise of someone stealing Christmas . Both make their principal actors seem like the villains ( one in a higher degree than the other ) , both pack a strong moral lesson , and both are truly enjoyable.<br /><br />That is , until you realize that Jack Skellington is a doll , and The Grinch is a human being . But a human being that is so incredibly expressive , so fluid in his movements , so cartoon - like , so unreal , that never gets in the way of the movie . He can be hilarious , he can be a sad soul , he can be angry . He lives in a 3-dimensional world , where 3-dimensional people live . He jokes , he laughs , he cries , and ultimately he saves the Christmas . I loved this film to bits , and can not wait for it to come out on DVD . This is one of those films you will really enjoy 10 , 20 years from now . As timeless as they come .
1 First an explanation on what makes a great movie for me . Excitement about not knowing what is coming next will make me enjoy a movie the first time I watch it ( case en point : Twister ) . There are also other things that go into a great first viewing such as good humor ( John Candy in Uncle Buck and The Great Outdoors ) , good plot with good resolution ( Madeline and Matilda ) , imaginative storytelling ( all Star Wars episodes - George Lucas is THE MAN ) , and good music ( again all Star Wars episodes , Wizard of Oz , Sound of Music ) . What makes me watch a movie at least six times in the theatre and buy a DVD or VHS tape ? Characters . With that said , I present Cindy Lou Who and The Grinch . Excellent performance Taylor Momsen and Jim Carrey . The rest of the cast was very good , particularly Jeffery Tambor , Bill Irwin , Molly Shannon , Christine Baranski , and Josh Ryan Evans . But , every single scene with Cindy and The Grinch - together is excellent and very funny and/or heartwarming . Cindy Lou is my favorite character in this movie and the most compelling reason why the movie is better than the cartoon . The Grinch has a strong plot , good conflicts , and a very good theme ( I ca n't get started because I do n't want to spoil it ) . Jim Carrey was very funny as The Grinch - particularly when he interacted with Cindy . And the music ! Wow ! Excellent music by James Horner . I loved his selection of instruments and the compositions . Very good job Jim Carrey - I did n't know you could sing . Taylor Momsen ! Whoa ! Your voice is reason enough to see the movie at least once . On your solo - Where Are You Christmas - is your voice really as high as it sounds ? Sounds like an F # ? That is an obscene range for a 7-year old ( obscene meant in the best possible way ) . Great job . This is the best performance by a child I have ever heard in a movie(Taylor beat out the Von Trapp Children - no small feat ! ) . And now to the actors . Jim Carrey was great , funny , and , surprisingly very sensitive ( this really showed through in his scenes with Taylor Momsen ) . Taylor Momsen 's unspoken expressions(one of the secrets to a good acting performance ) are very strong - she really becomes Cindy Lou Who . And when she does dialogue she is even stronger.<br /><br />******************************danger : spoiler alert * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * < br /><br />Examples : expression when she first sees The Grinch . This is a classic quote ( " You 're the the the " and then filled in with the Grinch line " da da da THE GRINCH - after which she topples into the sorter and then is rescued by The Grinch ) . The " Thanks for saving me " quote and subsequent response by The Grinch was also very good.<br /><br />My favorite part of the movie is when Cindy invites The Grinch to be Holiday Cheermeister . This scene is two excellent actors at their best interacting and expressing with each other . Little Taylor Momsen completely holds her own with Jim Carrey in this spot . I sincerely hope we see Taylor Momsen in many more films to come . All in all everything was great about this movie ( except maybe the feet and noses ) .
1 The part of The Grinch was made for Jim Carrey and I was extremely impressed with his performance . Not being a great fan of his I was apprehensive but pleasantly surprised with the outcome . Taylor Momsen as Cindy Lou Who was the cutest little girl I have seen on the screen for a long time and she showed a maturity beyond her years in her acting skills . I was even drawn to tears at one point ! I 've never read the Dr Seuss book of the tale so I did nt know what to expect , the humour was quite dark . Overall , I enjoyed the film ( apart from the songs ! ) and would recommend it , for family viewing especially .
1 I really liked this movie I saw the original classic a few times but could hardly remember any details . I think this movie is much better than the cartoon its not so black and white as it . I specially liked how they made the grinch such a complete character and gave a cause of why he was the way he was , the villain in this movie was not the actual Grinch but the Major , much different than the original cartoon . Jim Carrey was perfect for the part all in all a great movie made for both kids and adults alike .
1 I 've had a morbid fascination with tornadoes for more than 40 years , since my 5th grade teacher , a native Texan , told stories of ones he saw in his youth . Fortunately , I 've lived my whole life in the middle Atlantic states , where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as the ones in the Midwest , but I have had two close encounters , one in PA and the other in NJ , in the past decade.<br /><br />I enjoyed the family scenes , particularly the conflicts between Jack and Dan Hatch . When the tornado was close , Dan knew most of what he had to do , and he probably learned this in school , since I know that tornado safety is an important subject in parts of the U.S. where these storms are more frequent . However , characters in the movie did two things that some people think are supposed to be done or are safe to do in tornadoes but are actually not supposed to be done or are unsafe.<br /><br />When the siren first sounded , Dan and Arthur went through the house and opened the windows . For years , this is what people were told to do , but tornado safety web sites now advise against doing this . Also , people were shown hiding in a highway underpass . This method was made popular by an early 1990s video made by a T.V. crew during a relatively weak twister in Kansas . However , in the most serious tornadoes , people can be sucked out from these underpasses . This happened during a May 1999 outbreak in Oklahoma.<br /><br />The tornadoes in this movie hit in the fall , which is not a common time for them to happen . ( Then again , one of my close encounters took place in late September . ) Also , they traveled from northwest to southeast , while most such storms in the northern hemisphere go from southwest to northeast . However , this is not all that unusual . A famous tornado that struck Joliet , IL , in the early 1990s traveled in that direction ( as did the one involved in my other close encounter).<br /><br />I think that the movie should have been set in the spring . This movie was based on a book that in turn was based on an actual event that happened on June 3 , 1980 . But it was still a compelling story .
1 OK , so the FX are not high budget . But this story is based on actual events . Not something thrown together to make a couple of rich actors , even richer ! ! As most movies that are based on books , there are somethings that just do n't fit . Only a couple of people have stated that this movie was based on real events , not a knock - off as most people believe it is ! ! This movie is in no way related too TWISTER ! Other than both movies are about tornadoes.<br /><br />For those of you who have problems with the science of the tornadoes and storms in the movie , there are a couple of things you need to remember ... The actual " night of the twisters " was June 3 , 1980 . So this movie was released 16 years after the actual events . Try think how far storm research has advanced in that time . It happened in a larger town ; Grand Island , Nebraska is the third largest city in the state . Even though the movie calls the town something else , and says it 's a small town . For the real story check out : http://www.gitwisters.com/
1 Well , I come from Bulgaria where it 's almost impossible to have a tornado but my imagination tells me to be " very , very afraid"!!!This guy ( Devon Sawa ) has done a great job with this movie!I do n't know exactly how old he was but he did n't act like a child ( WELL DONE)!Now about the tornado - it was n't very realistic but frightens you!If you want to have a nice time in front of the telly - this is the movie !
1 This movie has some things that are pretty amazing . First , it is supposed to be based on a true story . That , in itself , is amazing that multiple tornadoes would hit the same town at night in the fall - in Nebraska . I wonder if the real town 's name was close to " Blainsworth " ( which is the town 's name in the movie ) . There is an Ainsworth , Nebraska , but there is also a town that starts with Blains - something.<br /><br />It does show the slowest moving tornadoes on record in the the seen where the boys are in the house . On the other hand , the scene where the TV goes fuzzy is based in fact . Before Doppler radar and weather radio , we were taught that if you turned your TV to a particular channel ( not on cable ) and tuned the brightness just right , you could tell if there was a tornado coming . The problem was that by then you would be able to hear it . < br /><br />Since I know something about midwest tornadoes , it made this movie fun for me . I enjoy it more than Twister . I mean , give me a break - there is no way you could make it through and F5 by chaining yourself to a pipe in a well house .
1 I just got this video used and I was watching it last night . The acting started out extremely bad ( hey------hey------twister ) but got very good soon after wards . The tornadoes looked extremely fake , and many of the CGI effects were very dodgy , but the scene with the house cracking apart and the contents inside being blown around and sucked out were extremely well done , and just about on par with movies like Twister . The scenes of devastation were also extremely well done too . The story was very well written , and it 's refreshing to see a movie like this stray away from the same old " disaster formulas " movies of this genre seems to have been stuck in for 30 years.<br /><br />While this movie had a very weird mix of FX and acting quality , this merits an A in my book .
1 This movie is good for TV . I like it because I 'm a HUGE fan of disaster films even though this is a family film . Accuracy on the film from the book is half - and - half They got the characters names right but in the book there was no storm chaser , the the car scene involving the Hatch family running away from the tornado was n't in the book instead it involved Dan hatch and his friend riding with a police officer on their way to the police station for safety . and in the book Dan and his friend are both 12-years old . That s all i can think of . Overall this was a good movie even though it could of have been a little more accurate to the book . Did you know the book was based on a true story of a series of tornadoes devastating a small Nebraska town in 1980 ?
1 Night of the Twisters is a very good film that has a good cast which includes Devon Sawa , Amos Crawley , John Schneider , Lori Hallier , Laura Bertram , David Ferry , Helen Hughes , Jhene Erwin , Alex Lastewka , Thomas Lastewka , Megan Kitchen , and Graham McPherson . The acting by all of these actors is very good . The special effects and thrills is really good and some of it is surprising . The movie is filmed very good . The music is good . The film is quite interesting and the movie really keeps you going until the end . This is a very good and thrilling film . If you like Devon Sawa , Amos Crawley , John Schneider , Lori Hallier , Laura Bertram , David Ferry , Helen Hughes , Jhene Erwin , the rest of the cast in the film , Action , Mystery , Thrillers , Dramas , and interesting films then I strongly recommend you to see this film today !
1 This movie ( and yes , it 's a movie - it was shot as a two - parter , but the two parts together come down to slightly more than 2 hours ) is one of the unsung masterpieces of world cinema . A very well - mannered , and yet at the same time absolutely savage denunciation of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished under it , the film is a faithful adaptation of the long - banned eponymous book by Mikhail Bulgakov . The sets are flawless , and the director made the brilliant decision to film in monochrome sepia , adding a feel of authenticity where a late-80s washed - out color incarnation would have all but ruined the film . I wo n't say much about the plot , which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself , but the performances are true Oscar material ; special mentions go out to E. Evstigneev , who plays the old professor with such presence , gravitas and kind wisdom that with barely a word or a gesture , he ends up stealing every scene he 's in . The second , of course , is Creature / Sharikov , who , played to horrifying perfection by V. Tolokonnikov , is by far more frightening a character than Hannibal Lecter , because not only does he exist in real life - entire countries have been ran by men like him throughout history , with all that ensues.<br /><br />While it 's a socio political allegory , it is worth mentioning that the movie is also brimming with humor , albeit dark - there are many outright comedies which have n't made me laugh as much as this film . What 's more , when laughing at this movie , the feeling is not only one of hilarity but of understanding and agreement , which is always a plus.<br /><br />There is hardly a complaint I have with this movie - the only slight flaw is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbery I caught at times from the " enlightened " characters . But that 's a minor quibble.<br /><br />Sadly , this film appears to have been bypassed by Western licensing companies . It 's a crying shame that one of the all - round best movies out there is languishing unrestored and untranslated ( which should n't be incredibly hard - though all the cultural references and the revolutionary terminology will necessarily fade in translation , the film 's main themes should be accessible to all ) . While we 're waiting with our fingers crossed for the Criterion edition , I 'm considering creating English subtitles myself . Will see how that works out .
1 The cult movie for every true Russian intellectual . Everything is brilliant , especially acting : it 's beyond any praise . The movie , as the book , is full of symbols : my favorite one is the brightest symbol of Razrukha ( colloquial Russian word for " devastation " , often signifies the period of lifestyle chaos after the 1918 - 20 Civil War ) -- the wide - opened dirty door in the bricky wall squeaking in the snowy wind and the pitch - black hole of the doorway behind it.<br /><br />Now the film is released on DVD with fully restored image and the 5.1 sound , there are well - translated English subtitles too , though some obscene words of Sharikov were replaced by the more mild versions in the translation . I do n't know is that DVD available abroad but if you 'll find it grab it immediately , it 's really worthy of watching.<br /><br />And , in conclusion , a fact : about the 50 % of Russians today , mostly youth , can be identified as Sharikovs in a considerable degree . It 's the post - Soviet effect : Soviet people appeared to be wholly unprepared for the informational attack of the Western civilization , TV - producers and movie makers have made the entertainment industry and the mass media amazingly aggressive , soulless and thoughtless so that it abetted the darkest instincts of every Russian . Even among the Internet users every third one uses the obscene language in forums and chats because it 's amazingly common in colloquial speech .
1 It is so gratifying to see one great piece of art converted into another without distortion or contrivance . I had no guess as to how such an extraordinary piece of literature could be recreated as a film worth seeing . If you loved Bulgakov 's book you would be , understandably , afraid of seeing some misguided interpretation done more for the sake of an art - film project than for actually bringing the story 's deeper meaning to the screen . There are a couple examples of this with the Master and Margarita . As complex and far - fetched as the story is , the movie leaves out nothing . It is as if the filmmaker read Bulgakov 's work the same way an orchestral conductor reads a score -- with not a note missed . Why ca n't we find such talent here in the U.S. ? So now my favorite book and movie have the same title .
1 One of the most excellent movies ever produced in Russia and certainly the best one made during the decline of the USSR . Incredibly clever , hilarious and dramatic at the same time . Superb acting . Overall a masterpiece . Score it 10/10 . < br /><br / >
1 Having first watched the movie at 14 , I remember being struck by hearing the word ' govno ' ( sh*t ) for the first time ever on the then - still - Soviet TV ( I bet it really was * the * first time in history — anyone wants to add this to trivia section ? : ) ... What an open boldness and freedom , I thought ! As years passed , I was more and more impressed with the movie and the incredible acting , but my feelings turned to a kind of mixture of enjoyment from a genuine piece of cinematographic art and a bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposite to my 14-y.o . impression : helplessness . There 's an air of inevitable catastrophe looming throughout the movie , of primitive degenerate tide ( embodied by Sharikov ) sweeping the lives of the finest minds advancing humanity in their areas ... It 's a great metaphor of Russian revolution in general , inspired by intellectuals ashamed of their superiority and hoping to ' upgrade ' the lower classes , only to unleash the power of mediocrity and get swallowed by it ... An extremely fine and talented piece , wrapping a truly sad idea in a brilliantly satiric and elegant form . Symbolically enough , the movie itself marked the end of the Soviet movie traditions era before the Hollywood tsunami had knocked them over — for good , it seems , judging by most current Russian movies ( most of them labeled ' blockbusters ' in prerelease ! ! ! trailers and posters:).<br /><br />Funnily , that ' govno ' episode is in no contradiction to Efenstor 's comment above re rude language of current generation ... From what I 've already said it could seem that this might be the movie that showed the way for this , but it was not . A mild word by current standards , it was way too rude back then , and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikovs ... BTW , re Efenstor 's lament , it is sooo naive to juxtapose being intellectual and using rude lexicon , especially for Russian speakers , where a single cussword could have meanings that take sentences in translation ! But I join in regret that ALL the meaning in today 's teenager 's talk may be expressed by cusswords . I feel that this is the bigger problem than their choice of the medium that 's most efficient for the task : ) Well , this movie and the book are great food for thought that might change them , or anyone who might have a luxury of watching it .
1 Not only is this film entertaining , with excellent comedic acting , but also interesting politically . It was made at the end of the Soviet Union , but makes fun of the soviet mentality through and through . The story is set during the early days of the soviet union , and it questions the rationale behind the revolution both in cultural and practical terms . Of course , by the late 80s and early 90s , the bizarre strictures of soviet society are already relaxed , but the ideology and mentality is still alive and well and ready for some well - deserved deconstruction . Happily , all this deep philosophical commentary is wrapped in a funny and entertaining package!<br /><br />Jur
1 These guys are anything but the Usual Suspects ! They are a total bunch of likeable oddballs who you want to see get away with it , but they are so hapless that there is very little chance of that . No one is better than William H Macy at portraying the man with a big heart but down on his luck . This is probably his best performance since Fargo . Sam Rockwell played the meathead boxer to perfection , and the rest of the gang were uniformly good also . Luis Guzman brought some great comic relief as Cosimo , and George Clooney stole every scene in his cameo role . The heist scene at the end was absolutely hilarious.<br /><br />The direction was also spot on by the Russo brothers . There was certainly a Coen brothers feel to the film throughout and it will be interesting to see how they will develop their careers . They have a long way to go to match the Coen 's but this is an excellent start and I look forward to their next celluloid outing . ....... " Yo mutha 's a whore " !
1 " Welcome to Collingwood " offers some of the most hilarious dialog in recent memory . Watching this comedy directed by the brothers Anthony and Joe Russo reminded us of maybe another film we had seen in the past , but since we missed the opening credits , we had to wait until the end to discover that what we were reminded of , was the 1958 Italian film " Big Deal on Madonna Street " , directed by Mario Monicelli.<br /><br />The Russo brothers put together a magnificent cast to portray all the characters in the film . Anything with William H. Macy , Luis Guzman , Sam Rockwell , Patricia Clarkson , the late Michael Jeter , in it , ca n't be bad . Since this is an ensemble piece all characters get an opportunity in which to shine.<br /><br />The film presents us a group of inane would - be safe crackers from hell . No one could think these men could carry on a job like the one they undertake . Whatever could go wrong , and more , is what they succeed in doing . George Clooney makes a small appearance as the master safe cracker who is also seen impersonating a rabbi , only to be confused with a priest by the gang members coming out of Cossimo 's funeral.<br /><br />The best way to enjoy the movie is to sit back and relax , and let all these small time crooks do their thing . Let their funny lines make you laugh , as anyone can see this gang is doomed from beginning to end !
1 This movie was recommended to me by a friend . I never saw an ad or a trailer , so I did n't know Clooney was in it and was not bothered by the fact that his role was so small . I thought the whole cast was suitable , and found the film pretty enjoyable , all in all . The opening scene , with the small crew of bandits standing at the side of the road , looking whipped and haggard , caught my attention immediately . It had a way of telling you , " do n't go away ; this wo n't be boring " , and it really was n't . It turned out to be an interesting , light - hearted comedy with enough twists and turns to keep you in your seat to the very end , but when the ending did arrive , I felt a little bit cheated .... just a little bit . The events kept building up so that you expect them to continue building , but at a point that I ca n't define , it sort of levels out , making the ending a slight disappointment . I reckon I expected a bigger bang of a climax , but it turned out sort of low - key . If you watch the movie with that in mind and you can live without high dosages of George Clooney , you should find this flick very entertaining and well worth watching . Now I 'd like to see the original ( Big Deal on Madonna Street ) , but it 's probably a rare find in the United States .
1 Cosimo ( Luis Guzman ) ends up in prison for car burglary and there he 's given the plan for the perfect heist from a lifer in prison ; so he has to get out of jail , fast . He tells his girlfriend Rosalind ( Patricia Clarkson ) to find a man who will do his time in prison for some money . But no one wants to do the time for Cosimo 's crime and yet everybody seems to know a guy who will do that . Soon bad boxer Pero Mahalovic ( Sam Rockwell ) founds out the details of this so called " perfect job".<br /><br />First of all , I think this movie was very funny and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone . This movie is remake of Italian comedy " I Soliti Ignoti " . I did n't watch the Italian original so I can not judge or compare those two movies . But " Welcome to Collinwood " is great comedy for itself , about four people trying to rob the money from the vault in one house . Everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast . Really excellent movie for these actors : Sam Rockwell , William H. Macy ( great ) , Isaiah Washington , Michael Jeter ( great ) , Luis Guzmán , Patricia Clarkson , Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their share in this project . < br /><br />Maybe to say that this movie is only comedy , is n't fair . This is more then that . Because of one difference . All of thieves in this movie have very small wishes when they are asked : what will they do with their money ? It is mostly securing their future in very humble way . This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of that criminals . And not only them but also cop Babitch , who is presented like corrupted one ; so here directors Russo presents us fact that criminals and cop are the same . Actually all in Collinwood are ; and not only in Collinwood , cause all people chase money , on legal or illegal way . I do n't like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves . But , this one is exception . You have to love them all . Riley with his little baby and wife in jail . Toto with his pants . Cosimo with his line : " Your mother 's a whore ! " and all others . They are just like characters in my favorite comic , Alan Ford . They all trying to make some money , but simply they are out of luck . But they all did one good deed : they gave money to Riley , so he can get his wife out of prison . They are all heroes in my eyes , cause lots of " honest " people would n't do that .
1 The main reason I wanted to see this movie was because of the wonderful cast . A ton of my favorite actors in one movie equals amazing with out actually seeing it . But this movie caught me off guard . It was n't what I was expecting at all . It 's been a while since I 've seen it but I do remember I could not stop laughing ! ! ! And it was n't just the cast that did it for me . The script was amazingly written . Every time you were expecting something to happen it did n't happen . There were so many twists and turns but it fit with the whole tone of the movie instead of coming off as pretentious . The cinematography , along with the set , was absolutely beautiful as well . I really ca n't say anything bad about this movie ! Expcept , I would have Andrew Davoli a little more screen time !
1 Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village - Broadway area I could n't wait to see it 's final copy.<br /><br />Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday , I have n't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time ! It is great slapstick . The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing . The entire cast performs their best comedic acting ... No slow or dry segments ... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he 's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick . I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook " Riley " and Michael Jeter 's as " Toto " they keep you in " stitches " . I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie .
1 I had tried to rent this on many occasions , but was always with the girlfriend , who , as a general rule , usually rejects heist flicks and ensemble comedies with the comment " Uhm ... looks good , but i 'm not in the mood for that movie . " Thus entereth the " Almighty Solo Movie Night"!<br /><br />Anyway , I found Welcome To Collinwood a rather enjoyable movie . While ultimately fairly forgettable , it does have moments of fun and a few laugh out loud moments . I was unfamiliar with the fact that it was a remake , and as a general rule watch movies trying to ignore that fact and watch them on their own merits anyway . George Clooney puts in a humorous and brief cameo as a wheeled safe cracker that , for the most part left me wondering two things ... 1 . would n't every comedy be better if Mr. Clooney put in a strange 5 minute cameo ? and 2 . How do they make fake tattoos that look old and faded , and how easily do they wash off ? The cast , all fine actors in their own right , put in a great job , and you get the impression that they had a good time working together which is fairly important in a movie like this . Needless to say all does not go as planned in this movie , both plot - wise and humor - wise , but it made me check out the special features and consider watching the original , so I consider it a success ! Rent this one for a good time , maybe grab a few friends and a pizza . you 'll have a good time.<br /><br />***7/10***<br /><br />On a side note , the soundtrack is spectacular . It 's great to hear the far under appreciated Paolo Conte used , and it left me humming snippets of the score long after the credits rolled .
1 Although it has been remade several times , this movie is a classic if you are seeing it for the first time . Creative dialog , unique genius in the final scene , it deserves more credit than critics have given it . Highly recommended , one of the best comedies of recent years
1 This is not a " loose " , but a precise , faithful remake of 1958 Monicelli 's classic " I Soliti Ignoti " with Toto ' , Mastroianni , Gassman , Cardinale etc . And that 's the reason is good , it copies all the funny characters and the plot , even in details ( like the scene where the photographer steals the camera from the local market).<br /><br />I have watched the superb old version many times and I knew by heart all the gangs and the ending but I still enjoyed " Welcome to Collinwood " , which has its own freshness and atmosphere . It is interesting to see how the life and ways of the little thieves in 1950 's Italy are adapted to 2002 's USA . Things have n't changed much . 8/10 .
1 Welcome to Collinwood is a lot of things , but it is none of the following:<br /><br />A George Clooney star vehicle Unfunny Un - Original < br /><br />And yes i know , the basis for the movie is another movie . But as far as Hollywood goes , this may rank with their most authentic outputs this decade - and for me , it does.<br /><br />The movie is from start to finish , an absolute gas . Here 's why.<br /><br />There is n't a bad performance in the film . The funny parts are funny . The edgy parts are edgy . The script contains , not a dull moment of dialogue The cinematography is fresh and yes beautiful . And it does n't conform to the Hollywood norm ( you 'll see what i mean , when you see the film)<br /><br />When i was a kid , i remember seeing advertisements for the film . This film went under the radar after not grossing much at the box office , and is n't even a cult classic . The reason why Transformers 2 , is seen as acceptable by average movie goers , is because they are used to seeing Transformers 2 . If film 's as original and funny as this were pumped out as often as multi - million pieces of s**t , the cinematic experience would be a much fresher place - < br /><br />When ' they ' say they do n't make em like they used to , ' they ' did n't see Welcome to Collinwood.<br /><br />A fun , mini - masterpiece of caper comedy , that refuses to compromise . One of my favourites .
1 I went to the cinema with two of my friends , and picked this movie out of hat , totally not knowing what to expect . And it turn out into a very enjoyable , die - laughing experience ! It 's an excellent movie with very unexpected story , very good dialogs and crazy humor . All characters are obviously made in " Alan Ford " ( italian satiric comic ) style , but that have n't bothered me for a second . In fact this kind of loser - bums line - up made a movie quite unique and interesting . Sam Rockwell gave very good and convincing role , Willian Macy too , Clooney is hardly recognizable and brilliant . But real star is actually Guzman . He made a role of his life in this movie ! The scene when his character Cosimo dies in the movie , is so hilarious that it made me choke and almost die with him ! Highly recommended for all " Alan Ford " fans !
1 Cosimo ( Luis Guzmán ) is told in prison about a perfect heist . Since he 's behind bars and ca n't do it himself he has to leave it to his girl Rosalind ( Patricia Clarkson).Soon there are five guys organizing the crime- five guys with very little brain capacity . Brothers Anthony and Joe Russo are the directors of Welcome to Collinwood ( 2002).It 's a crime comedy that 's often very funny . You ca n't help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys . There are some great actors playing these characters . William H.Macy plays Riley . Isaiah Washington is Leon . Sam Rockwell is Pero . Michael Jeter is Toto . Andy Davoli is Basil . Gabrielle Union plays his love interest Michelle . Jennifer Esposito plays Pero 's love interest Carmela . George Clooney ( also producer ) plays Jerzy , the tattooed guy in a wheelchair . This is a highly entertaining flick . I certainly recommend it .
1 Before George Clooney directed Sam Rockwell in his directorial debut " Confessions of a Dangerous Mind " , they starred together in this movie . George Clooney also was involved with this movie as a producer , along with Steven Soderbergh , which shows that they really believed in this project . In potential this also seems like a fine and entertaining project , that is in the same line with movie - remakes such as " Ocean 's Eleven " and " The Italian Job " but somehow this movie is only halve successful , or at least it is n't as good as it could had been.<br /><br />The movie its characters are all being played by some fine well known actors but a shame is that the characters are not really given enough room to develop . Even though in their potential they could had turned into fun and enjoyable characters , they are now only characters that mildly entertain because mostly of some of the more quirky sequences that are in the movie . The fact that they are being played does n't change much to this , even though they prevent their characters from ever becoming a total bore or perhaps even annoying , or anything like that at all.<br /><br />It 's of course due to the writing that the characters are n't used to their full potential . I can only assume that the original Italian movie " I Soliti ignoti " works out much better than this movie does . The movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling.<br /><br />Nevertheless the movie is simply still a very fun one to watch maybe because of that very same simplicity . It 's an harmless little caper movie , in which you simply should n't to worry much about the story . In that regard " Welcome to Collinwood " is still a movie that works out and simply serves its purpose well.<br /><br />It 's a movie that you wo n't regret watching once you 've finished it but it also is a movie you can really easily do without ever seeing.<br /><br />7/10
1 This movie is very hilarious , and it has a great compilation of actors like William H. Macy which always have perform this kind of roles , maybe his most representative , Fargo ; and George Clooney which is a very good actor showing his comedian work in brothers Cohen film " Oh brother , where art thou ? " which results to be one of my favorite movies ever ! But it 's been hard to find " Welcome to Collinwood " , here in Mexico . My city lacks of good places where to buy some good films . I tried to buy it at Blockbuster but they do n't know it by the original name , so maybe it will be a little easier to find if I have the name they gave to it in Mexico , do someone knows it ? , because I ca n't remember ! Cheers . A.
1 Having the opportunity to watch some of the filming in the Slavic Village - Broadway area I could n't wait to see it 's final copy.<br /><br />Viewing this film at the Cleveland Premier last Friday , I have n't laughed out loud at a comedy in a long time ! It is great slapstick . The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing . The entire cast performs their best comedic acting ... No slow or dry segments ... George Clooney is one of my favorite actors and he 's great as the crippled safe breaker in this flick . I was most imprest by William H. Macy as crook " Riley " and Michael Jeter 's as " Toto " they keep you in " stitches " . I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie .
1 I saw this gem of a film at Cannes where it was part of the directors fortnight.<br /><br />Welcome to Collinwood is nothing short of superb . Great fun throughout , with all members of a strong cast acting their socks off . It 's a sometimes laugh out loud comedy about a petty crook ( Cosimo , played by Luis Guzman ) who gets caught trying to steal a car and sent to prison . While in prison he meets a ` lifer ' who tells him of ` the ultimate bellini ' – which to you and me – is a sure - fire get rich quick scheme . It turns out that there is a way through from a deserted building into the towns jewellers shop – which could net millions . Sounds simple ? – well throw in all kinds of wacky characters and incidents along the way and you have got the ingredients for a one wild ride ! ! – word passes from one low life loser to the next and soon a team of them are assembled to try and cash in on Cosimos ` bellini ' lead by failed boxer Pero ( Superbly played by Sam Rockwell – surely a star in the making ) and reluctant crook Riley ( William H. Macy ) who is forced to bring his baby along with him as his wife was locked up for fraud!!.<br /><br />Based on the Italian film I Soliti ignoti ( Big Deal on Madonna street ) which also inspired a similar film to ` Collinwood ' – ` Palookaville ' . This knocks spots of the latter effort and although its written and directed by the Russo brothers it definitely has shades of the Coen Brothers about it . Produced by Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney , who has a small yet hilarious part as a crippled safe breaker .
1 Silly , hilarious , tragic , sad , inevitable.<br /><br />A group of down - and - outs team up with a " seasoned " crook to elevate themselves out of their poverty . Great idea ... if you ignore the screwup factor.<br /><br />Nice to see George Clooney doing something genuinely funny for a change . The casting is perfect and the acting standards very high . Although it could be said that the motley crew subject is n't new , I think this movie handles it in an interesting and unique way . Sufficiently so that it stands out from what has gone before.<br /><br />Very well done guys .
1 I had never heard of this flick despite the connection to George Clooney ( whose company produced and he appears in a very funny supporting bit ) and his Ocean 's 11 director Steven Soderbergh . Worse , we picked this up in a discount bin for $ 4.99 ( Canadian dollars at that ! ) What a grand and pleasant surprise . But then I 'm of the opinion that if William H. Macy is in it you ca n't be disappointed . This was very reminiscent of those Ealing comedies from England in the 1950s . OK , with more profanity . This is an oddball and at times gut - splittingly funny film . The actual heist made me laugh so hard I was crying . Perhaps the funniest use of underpants in movie history . Maybe it was the low expectations I had going in but I watched with a group of people and we had a blast . Best $ 5 I 've spent in ages .
1 Idiotic hack crooks , a babe , a safe , a plan and a baby . Add them all up and you get the best comedy you 've never heard of . < br /><br />Even with some a - list star power ( at least a - minus ... okay , b - plus ? ) this movie got very little publicity.<br /><br />But that does not diminish its genius.<br /><br />Terrific writing , solid delivery and a believable group of characters . Some truly classic lines , and a fun twist at the end.<br /><br />This is not some watered - down " Nutty Professor " comedy . These are low - life bad guys . They speak low - life bad guy language and they do low - life bad guy things . But they do it for your amusement and entertainment , and they do that well.<br /><br />One of the best comedies I 've ever seen .
1 Welcome to Collinwood is one of the most delightful films I have ever seen . A superb ensemble cast , tight editing and wonderful direction . A caper movie that does n't get bogged down in the standard tricks.<br /><br />Not much can be said about this film without spoiling it . The tag line says it all - 5 guys . 1 Safe . No Brains.<br /><br />William H Macy and Sam Rockwell lead an amazing cast . George Clooney should be congratulated for producing this gem.<br /><br / >
1 < br /><br />This is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year . Everybody is brilliant . The acting is superb . You can see that the actors enjoyed making this film . It´s a shame to spoil the film with give aways , so rent it and laugh your ass off.<br /><br />9 - 10 .
1 Having heard quite positive reviews and having seen the trailer I had to see this movie . With William H. Macy , Luis Guzman , Michael Jeter and Sam Rockwell present it had to be good . And it delivered . Overall , the movie is not crack - you - up funny , but there is one scene that really stands out and is , in a my eyes , a classic . SPOILER At the end , where they break through the wall to get to the safe and we see Rockwell and Washington stare at Jeter is just fantastic . This is just as good as the scene in The Big Lebowski where The Dude is using a chair to barricade his door , but forgets the door turns outward ! END SPOILER Just go see this movie , you wo n't be disappointed .
1 Went to see this as Me and my Lady had little else to do on a sunday afternoon I like films that deal with sleazy , loser characters and this is full of em . After a slow start we get some good turns from the cast but it is the actual ' Bellini ' that both makes and lets the film down . The ' Bellini ' is one of the funniest scenes I have seen in a film for a long while but is too short and could have made this a masterpiece overall 71/2 out of 10
1 I participate in a Filmmaker 's Symposium , and this film was shown after we had already seen a not so great film and participated in a 40 minute discussion . Even though it was incredibly late and we were weary , the entire audience really enjoyed it.<br /><br />Personally I thought the film was hilarious in all the right spots , and I loved the quirky cast of characters . They really grow on you in the film .
1 I loved this film . I thought it would be easy to watch , and easy to forget . I ran out after watching this to buy the DVD , obv not easily forgotten!<br /><br />The script is brilliant , and the casting could n't be more perfect . Each character has their moment , and I laughed hard throughout this film , comedic timing was spot - on.<br /><br / >
1 There are good ways to make a movie and bad ways and this very much the former . This short caper exacts nothing more than what it gives to the audience . It presents a simple story , told very plainly with enough wisecracks to keep you going , then just gets better and better . Clooney 's cameo is funny and very welcome but the leads including Sam Rockwell and Luiz Guzman can easily make it on their own . Likeable and funny , hilariously so towards the end , Welcome to Collinwood is a welcome addition to the heist genre .
1 Great fun . I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film . We came to see different one but after 10 minutes wondering what the heck we got ourselves into this time the jokes became funny and they stayed funny throughout the movie . In the first part you just keep asking yourself about this ' malinski ' and ' bellini ' stuff ( there are many more examples of this lingo ) and because they keep repeating the same jokes ( with different twists ) they get funnier and funnier . In search for this malinski all the main characters are introduced the first one even wackier than the next . Until half of the film was over we did n't even know the name of this movie because there were no opening credits and we went to this sneak viewing , but we sure had a good time . The house was loaded ( appr . 250 people ) and I think about half of them did n't like it and the other half loved the film . If you like weird comical movies with great dialogue you will love it . Apart from Clooney This movie deserves a lot better than the 5.6 IMDB rating it has at the time I write this , but when more ppl have seen it I am sure it will go up . 7.0 is reasonable I guess , I would give it an 8 out of 10 . ( 10 out of 10 after a few beers)<br /><br / >
1 My friends and I were just discussing how frustrated we are with the way movies and especially romantic comedy 's are being made . We feel offended by the schlock that Hollywood is serving up these days as they act like all is well.<br /><br />Well all is not well ... with the exception of a few bright spots , like this movie . It does n't have the big name actors , the big budget , I do n't think it had a big release ( I rented from Hollywood Video ) it did n't really have anything that most big budget romantic comedy 's have.<br /><br />But it did have what most of those lack . It had great chemistry between the love interests , " Parker " ( Jonathan Schaech ) and " Sam " ( Alison Eastwood ) . Their love story was n't forced on us like so many . The director took his time to allow these characters to truly get to know each other . Their story reminded me of one of my favorites , " Tootsie".<br /><br />The supporting cast added not only really funny comic moments , but depth to the story as well . James LeGros ' character was absolutely priceless . Sam 's gay friend was hysterical . Parker 's interaction with his fellow employees in a Psychic Hotline was a lot of fun.<br /><br />I laughed , I cried , I remembered how great it feels to fall in love .
1 Parker ( Johnathan Schaech ) is an aspiring writer who is still looking for his big break . In the meantime , he works as a telephone adviser for a Manhattan psychic hotline . One day , most unfortunately , his apartment building burns down . Parker and his cat make it out alive but are now stuck with the arduous task of finding affordable housing in the Big Apple . Word comes to Parker that a lady , Samantha ( Alison Eastwood ) is searching for a roommate but will only accept a gay male . Since Parker is straight but the price is right , he decides to pretend that he is gay . Samantha likes him from the start and welcomes him as her new cohabitant . But , poor Parker . Sam is lovely , intelligent and very desirable . How will he be able to keep his true nature under control ? Besides , does n't Sam have a successful businessman - boyfriend anyway ? This is a sweet , likable , and humorous film with two very attractive stars in Eastwood and Schaech . Naturally , the plot is a string of " how can I keep up this ruse " scenes , with Sam asking Parker for shampoo while she is showering or pleading with him to hold her in bed when she receives bad news . Also , it is necessary for Parker to produce his own " fake " gay mate , Boris , when Sam insists upon fixing him up with a man she knows . Hopefully , the gay community will not find this too offensive , as this viewer thought most issues were treated with sensitivity and subtlety . For a small scale movie , the costumes , sets , and camera work were quite nice , also . Therefore , if you love those funny tales of love , get this one soon . You will like what you see , I know it .
1 I did enjoy this film , I thought it ended up being an old fashioned love story with a few twists . I expected him to get the girl , I wo n't tell you if he does or not you will need to watch the movie to find out . Overall if you are looking to watch a love story this one will suffice .
1 This episode of Twilight Zone combines a silent section ( 1890 ) with melodramatic acting and sight gags , an homage to the early Buster Keaton films . Lots of slapstick : Buster falling on a bulkhead door , falling in a puddle , running around pants - less . Silly scientist 's invention of a Time Helmet , reminiscent of a Flash Gordon idea of what the future would be . Cheap prices , like $ 1.95 for ladies hats , or 17 cents a pound for beef seem outrageously high to Buster . Even the world of 1890 is too much for Buster / Mulligan . How shocking when he is mistakenly transported to the " modern " world of 1960 ! Buster was trying to go backwards ! The " scientist " of that time wants to return to a calmer world , the 1890 that he has studied and admired . They go back together , and Buster / Mulligan is now happy and the " scientist " regrets not having electronic equipment , modern beds or an electric blanket . So Buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.<br /><br />This Twilight Zone does n't have a heavy message . Since Buster Keaton died in 1966 , it is one of his last efforts . That 's enough.<br /><br />One other cute thing -- longtime underutilized Maytag Man Jesse White is a repairman who fixes the Time Helmet -- foreshadowing his washing machine career .
1 Buster absolutely shines in this episode , which is the only vehicle I 've seen towards the end of the career that allowed him to do the physical ( and silent ! ) comedy that made him famous . It 's still a shock to hear his gravelly voice in the talkie sequences - his voice is about the only thing I do n't care for , as far as Buster is concerned - but his ability to take a pratfall is still unparalleled . He even repeats some of the gags used in his early two - reelers with Roscoe Arbuckle.<br /><br />My deepest gratitude to Rod Serling for presenting us with this episode , and for giving Buster 's genius full scope . He did n't have much time ( one episode ) to do it in , but this is a touching tribute to Hollywood 's greatest genius .
1 This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was comic rather than strange or tragic . Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan , a janitor from 1890 America , works in a laboratory . He is constantly griping about the life problems around him : meat is too expensive ( it 's like $ 1.00 / lb . Unheard of ! ) . He is always yelling after crazy speeders ( on bicycles - autos have n't appeared yet ) . Griping to the end , he sees a helmet like device by a scientist , and puts it on and tries it . Suddenly he is in modern America . The beginning was a seven minute silent film . Now it is all noise , all talking , all beeping , all blowing . Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better . He runs into Stanley Adams , a Professor Rollo , who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 ( he mentions President Cleveland ) . Rollo has always wanted to live in that charming , quiet age . He helps Mulligan get the helmet repaired , and they go back in time . Rollo gets bored after awhile , due to the lack of scientific equipment that he can use . Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future . But now Woodrow is fully content with the quiet , simple age he lives in . He has found contentment.<br /><br />In his last fifteen years Buster Keaton was frequently on television ( many times for Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA , where he could help set up sight gag tricks on the public ) . He did make a few films as well ( most notably A FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO THE FORUM and THE RAILRODDER ) . But he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes . He is in his element here , presumably advising the director ( old comedy film director Norman McLeod - he directed the Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS ) on the tricks he could do . Watch how Stanley Adams and he time Adams picking him up when he is snatching a pair of trousers he needs . In terms of timing it reminds one of gags he did in the 20s in films like SHERLOCK JR . The episode does show Keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties.<br /><br />The appearances of Jesse White ( here as a repairman , of all things ) is always welcome . But look a bit at " Professor Rollo " . Stanley Adams was a well known figure in movies and television from the 1950s onward to his tragic suicide in 1977 . Plump , with unkempt appearance , and heavy , booming voice , his best known dramatic role was as the wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM FOR A HEAVYWEIGHT ( he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume as an Indian ) . His best known television appearance was as the space trader who introduces the crew of the Starship Enterprise in STAR TREK to those furry , fertile little creatures " Tribbles " ( as in " The Trouble With " ) . Adams was always worth watching ( like Jesse White , and certainly like Keaton ) , enhancing most of the productions he appeared in . I have never understood his suicide , but it was a sad end to a first rate character performer .
1 Well now , this was certainly a surprise episode . In this anthology science fiction series , with all of this Alien Beings , Extraordinary Occurrences and many Brushes with the Hereafter , this episode would certainly rate as unusual . Its seemingly insignificant settings apparently not imparting any morale at story 's end . Or does it ? Kicking off with the Silent Movie Form , no recorded dialog , but having Musical accompaniment . In this case it 's on the sound track , not utilizing the Playing of Organ or Piano by an on sight Musician . This part of the episode , along with the ending section , also made liberal use o Title Cards , just like " the Old Time Movies . " While these Titles are a bit exaggerated and overdone , they are made so intentionally and with an affection for rather than any contempt for The Silent Film.<br /><br />Veteran Comedy Film Director , Norman Z. McLeod , was the man in the Chair for this half - hour installment . He had been the Director of many of the greatest comedies of all time , featuring people like the Marx Brothers , W.C. Fields , Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye . He was no stranger to to TV , as he had done a lot of work on Television Series.<br /><br />It does n't appear that he and Mr. Keaton had ever worked together before(as I can not find any evidence of this ) ' but judging by the outcome of the film , they succeeded in doing so with flying colors ! Anyone who directed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a fine comedy Director as well as a Comedy Player . He was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of it . Their short partnership must have been a harmonious one , with ' give and take ' about how to do things . It is apparent that many of the gags were Keaton 's , resurrected from his own Silent Picture Days . For example , the gag of putting the pair of pants on with Rollo's(Stanley Adams assistance was done by Keaton and Roscoe " Fatty " Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers , THE GARAGE ( 1919 ) . That was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.<br /><br />Buster knew that we film our world with a camera , rendering it a two dimensional image . This one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags . It is a Cardinal Rule for his film making.<br /><br />The cast was small and once again just chock full - of veteran talent . Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Mr. Keaton 's straight man . Jesse White , the old ' Maytag Repair Man ' , ran the fix it shop that fixed the ' Time HJelmet ' . Gil Lamb , serene veteran of RKO Short Comedy series , was the 1890 's Cop . James Flavin , George E.Stone , Harry Fleer , Warren Parker , and Milton Parsons all rounded out this largely silent cast.<br /><br />Without spilling the beans , let 's just say that yes , there is probably a lesson to be learned here . If not the one already mentioned , " The Grass Always Looks Greener on the Other Side of the Fence ! " , then how about , " Be Careful in What You Ask For , Because You Just May Get It ! "
1 Using Buster Keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice . He may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age . This gives him a chance to display those talents in a little time travel story . He get hooked up with a guy living in modern times , and it becomes obvious that we are best left in our own times Keaton is able to do his sight gags very well . I 've heard his voice before . I believe he did some of those Beach Party films , playing some vacuous characters just to earn a few bucks . Serling seemed to have respect for him and portrayed him that way . It 's not a bad story . It shows how one reacts when we wish for something we do n't have and get that wish .
1 This movie has taken a lot of stick . It was slated by critics when it came out and was blamed for wrecking Nicolas Cage 's career . The thing I do n't think people get is that it 's not meant to be an epic , Oscar contender of a movie , it 's just some brilliant " Bruck - buster " action at its best . Fast cars , quick editing and a great soundtrack - it does exactly what it says on the tin . Also , for anyone who likes cars its a pure treat . It has everything : Ferraris , Mercs , a Hummer and lets not forget Eleanor ! I think you 'd be hard pushed to find a better action movie , and personally , a better movie at all ! ! Then again maybe that 's just me !
1 GONE IN 60 SECONDS / ( 2000 ) * * * ( out of four)<br /><br / > 	 " Gone in 60 Seconds " is an energetic , slick , stylish action picture with high octane star power and lots of awesome looking automobiles . If you are a viewer interested in cars this production , by producer Jerry Bruckheimer ( " Con Air , " " The Rock " ) , is worth seeing just to feast your eyes on the glossy vehicles . Although the film secretes a stench of weakness in many areas , its precise sense of action and excitement make it a moderately successful summer thrill ride.<br /><br / > 	 The film stars Giovanni Ribisi ( " The Mod Squad " ) as a young crook named Kip Raines , who , as the movie opens , fails to deliver a long list of expensive cars to the powerful criminal Raymond Calitri ( Christopher Eccleston ) . When Kip 's life is threatened because of such , his older brother , Randall " Memphis " Raines ( Nicolas Cage ) , a retired but skillful car thief , is called upon to complete a task in exchange for his brother 's survival : steel fifty cars - specified by model , color , year , and make - in only four days.<br /><br / > 	 Memphis disburses the first three days recruiting a team of bandits to help him pull off the heist . The crew includes Sara " Sway " Wayland ( Angelina Jolie ) , a sexy yet gruff retired car swindler knowing Memphis through previous business , a fellow named Mirror Man ( T.J. Cross ) , the aging and wise Otto Halliwell ( Robert DuVall ) , as well as Tumbler ( Scott Caan ) , Atley Jackson ( Will Patton ) , Toby ( William Lee Scott ) , and Donny Astricky ( Chi McBrde ) . < br /><br / > 	 Contributing to the film 's drive and tension is a subplot involving two police detectives , Roland Castlebeck ( Delroy Lindo ) and Drycoff ( Timothy Olyphant ) , who suspect from previous experience that Memphis and his crew are up to no good and keep an extra close eye on them.<br /><br />There is not much time for character development here ; the audience gets to know these people though their rugged lifestyles and assume tough personalities through the films hard core , stylish atmosphere . To make matters even worse for the film , the dialogue fails to define the characters with a gritty cultural tone . I am not stating I think profanity and vulgarism is necessary for thrillers to flourish ; I actually honor the director 's decision to sustain from extreme foul language in a movie that could have very effortlessly earned an R - rating . However , I do believe in a movie such as " Gone in 60 Seconds , " to strongly develop the character 's enlightenment , dialogue needs to be believable and authentic . < br /><br / > In spite of problems , the characters are effective due to the top notch , perfectly cast performers responsible . Nicolas Cage 's melodramatic performance is intense and convincing . Angelina Jolie 's sleazy appearance is completely appropriate here . Delroy Lindo is deliciously sturdy and believable . Giovanni Ribisi , Scott Caan , Robert Duvall , Will Patton , and Christopher Eccleston provide persuasive supporting roles.<br /><br / > 	 The film contains standard structure , with a satisfactory first act that elaborates on the story 's style and the character 's motives , sets up a fast - paced theme of action , but lacks depth and strong character introduction . In the second act we run into a few more problems : the story wastes time during much of this segment , never really building up for the third act . While the middle of the movie occupies much time , and a sex scene provides a solid mid - plot , not a whole lot happens . The third act is pretty much a sheer adrenaline rush containing furious wall - to - wall excitement and one of the most intense car chase sequences ever filmed.<br /><br / > 	 The soundtrack to " Gone in 60 Seconds " contributes a great deal to the inspirational action scenes . It is scenes like the car chases that makes this movie work in spite of several destructive faults . Dominic Sena , whose career has mostly consisted of directing commercials , has an appealing style and a decisive attitude in " Gone in 60 Seconds " which will grant audiences with two hours of commotion , thrills , and excitement … but not much more . < br /><br / > < br /><br / >
1 gone in 60 seconds is a very good action comedy film that made over $ 100 million but got blasted by most critics . I personally thought this was a great film . The story was believable and has probobly the greatest cast ever for this type of movie including 3 academy award winners nicolas cage , robert duvall and the very hot anjolina jolie . other than the lame stunt at the end this is a perfect blend of action comedy and drama . my score is * * * * ( out of * * * * )
1 gone in 60 sec . where do i began , it keeps you in the movie with some good action and some cool cars . people say its not a good movie i disagree sure it has some cheesy parts but what action movie does n't . i gave it an 8 out of 10 cause of the action and the comic relief if you like the Rock or Face Off than this movie is right up your alley cage dose a good job along with one of the most under rated actors in my mind Del - Roy Lindo . i think sometimes people look to far into movies some times you need to sit back enjoy the movie and after words ask yourself did they achieve what they where showing . meaning if they where going for action was it action pact . if they where trying to make a movie to change how movies are made and trying to win every award out their well did they ? i think they made the action movie they set out to make , give it a chance and you wo nt be sorry .
1 What 's in a name ? If the name is Jerry Bruckheimer expect it to be filled with action.<br /><br />In producer Bruckheimer 's latest film , Gone in 60 Seconds , its all about the nomenclature . With character monikers like Kip , Sway and The Sphinx and cars idealized with names like Diane , Sue and the elusive Eleanor , it 's only the non - stop action that keeps you from wanting to just play the name game.<br /><br />Not a deep script by any means , but it is a great vehicle for action as Nicolas Cage as Memphis Raines , along with Angelina Jolie and Robert Duvall , comes out of car - thievery retirement to save his brother 's life by stealing a list of 50 exotic cars in one night . A remake of the 1974 cult hit , this film may not be destined for the same cult status but it is entertaining.<br /><br />Surprisingly , it 's the action that keeps you watching not the acting . Although loaded with stars , none of them have standout performances , including a very weak performance by one of my favorite up and comers , Giovanni Ribisi . Even Jolie , coming off her recent Oscar win , is just a token love interest with hardly any screen time.<br /><br />Can a series of beautiful cars and the car chases they become involved in make a great film ? I think so . The film is a pleasure to look at and although one particular scene takes you into the realm of unbelieveablity , the action is non - stop and the suspense is compelling . Just be wary of other drivers fighting for a pole position as you leave the theatre.<br /><br />3 1/2 out of 5
1 To make it short and not to spoil everything this film is about Kip ( Giovanni Ribsi ) , a car thief , who messes up a big delivery of stolen cars ( 50 in total ) . He is then threatened to be killed by the man who gave him the ‘order ' . The objective now is to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days , with the help of Randall ( Nicolas Cage ) , a ‘retired ' booster and also Kip 's brother and a couple of old friends of Randall 's . As you can see this is the same old , big bro ' needs to get lil ' bro ' out of trouble routine and of course Randall is the best thief there ever was . Of course as in all other movies there are also a few setbacks and surprises you never would have thought of , but at times it is predictable too , so there is nothing fancy about the story . < br /><br />You are by now probably wondering why this is about 51 times the HOT STUFF , since there are only 50 beautiful , fast , cool and expensive cars to be stolen . Well the other hot item in this film is Sway ( Angelina Jolie ( who will be a big STAR ( trust me ) ) ) . She is not only very convincing in the role as a car theft , but she is pretty hot too . OK not hot as in pretty , but hot as in damn cool and sexy . She was very believable in this role , probably because she is some kind of a wild woman in real life too ( do n't believe me , read her biography ) and for the sexy part well just see for yourself man . I only know , that she plays the kind of girl I like in this film , because she is not too mainstream , a bit alternative look and she even comes with a tattoo.<br /><br />OK the only downsides I felt while watching this movie was , that there is not very much action , there is one totally unrealistic scene , the story is only OK and that there are not much jokes . Hey but after seeing the whole film I must say : WHO CARES . Why must I say that , well because it was still entertaining ; had a couple of cool car chases ; good music ; some Bruckheimer scenes ( where the combination of music and the lines of actors make your eyes go wet ) ; good actors who all did their jobs ; pretty cars ; one cool , wild , sexy lady ( yes , I mean Mrs. Jolie ) and last but not least very nice and cool tools to boost the cars with . So some downsides here but still a pretty good and entertaining movie . All in all the best way to describe this film is that it is an overall OK movie with a cool – feelgood ending.<br /><br />As for Nicolas Cage , well …  He is actually one of my most favourite actors in the action genre nowadays after such good films as The Rock , Con Air , Face / Off , Snake Eyes and finally this one . Plus what actor has had so many good action / thriller 's in the last years and such successful ones ? Well no one ! ! ! Maybe Jackie Chan , but he is one of my favourites too . One thing that is true though about Mr. Cages Bruckheimer films is that they keep getting worse . The Rock , was a clear 9 , Con air was a nice 8 and this well this clearly is a 7 . Not that that mark is bad . Does it not show that his films under Bruckheimer keep getting worse and that maybe Cage has to think longer before he accepts a role in a movie and probably he should make a few less movies ? No it does n't show us that , because almost all of Cage 's films were successful in the last few years , except for 8 mm and Bringing out the Dead . 8 mm was not great , I admit that , but that was never Cage 's fault and the story seemed good to me . About the latter film I can not say anything , ‘cause I have not seen it yet . One thing though I know for sure , if Bruckheimer would have asked me for those three films , I would have said YES to all of them . I would have said yes to The Rock , because the story was great and because you would get to play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris . I would have said yes to Con Air , because there would be a lot of action in it , because the story was good and because you got to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames . In this one I would have starred because I would have gotten a big paycheque , I would have been able to ride some cool and fast cars and because I would have been able to kiss Angelina Jolie ( ca n't wait to see her in that Lara Croft outfit ) . This one was a good choice of Mr. Cage and it certainly was worth a look at in the theatre.<br /><br />7 out of 10
1 As much as I like big epic pictures - I 'll spare you the namedropping - it 's great to kick back with a few beers and a simple action flick sometimes . Films where the plot takes a backseat to the set - pieces . Films where the dialogue is n't so cleverly written that it ties itself in endless knots of purple prose . There are HUNDREDS of films that fit the bill ... but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the better ones.<br /><br />It 's an update of the movie that shares its name . It also shares that picture 's ethos , but not quite it 's execution . Whatever was great about the original has been streamlined . Whatever was streamlined was also amped up thanks to a bigger budget . Often these kinds of endeavours are recipes for complete disaster - see the pug - ugly remake of The Italian Job for one that blew it - but here , thanks to a cast of mostly excellent actors , Sixty succeeds.<br /><br />The plot and much of the dialogue is n't much to write IMDb about . Often you 'll have scenes where the same line of dialogue goes back and forth between the actors , each of whom will voice it with different inflections . A lot of people found this annoying ; I find it raises a smile . Each actor gets a chance to show off his or her definition of style here , with Cage , Jolie and Duvall leading the pack of course ( and it should be noted that it 's also amusing to see Mrs Pitt not given first billing here ) . The chemistry between good ol' Saint Nick the stalwart ( see date of review ) and Angelina leads to a couple of nice moments.<br /><br />The villain is not even a little scary - I 've seen Chris Eccleston play tough - guy roles before so I know he can handle them , but I think he was deliberately directed to make his role inconsequential as not to distract from the action . We know the heroes are going to succeed , somehow ; we 're just sitting in the car with them , enjoying the ride . I think a lot of these scenes were played with tongue so far in - cheek that it went over the heads of a lot of people giving this a poor rating . In fact , I would n't have minded some fourth - wall breaking winks at the camera : it 's just that kind of movie.<br /><br />All this style and not so much substance - something that often exhausts my patience if not executed * just * so - would be worthless if the action was n't there . And for the most part , it is . Wonderfully so . I 've noticed that it seems to be a common trend to be using fast - cut extreme close - up shots to direct action these days . I personally find this kind of thing exhausting . I prefer movies like this where the stunts are impressive enough to not need artificial tension ramping by raping tight shots all the time . I 've been told that Cage actually did as many of the car stunts as he could get away with without losing his insurance ( in real life I mean - his character clearly does n't care ) and it shows . The man can really move a vehicle and this is put to good use in the slow - burning climatic finale where he drives a Mustang into the ground in the most outlandish - and FUN - way possible.<br /><br />So yes , this movie is n't an " epic , life - affirming post-9/11 picture with obligatory social commentary " effort . The pacing is uneven , some of the scenes could have been cut and not all the actors tow the line . But car movies rarely come better than this . So if you hate cars ... why are you even reading these comments?!<br /><br />I'd take it over the numerous iterations of " The Flaccid And The Tedious " ( guess the franchise ) any day . 7/10
1 Nick Cage is Randall Raines , a retired car thief who is forced out of retirement when he 's forced to save his the life of his brother Kip ( Giovanni Ribisi ) when he screws up on a job , by completing his brothers job of stealing 50 cars in one night . He has to get together his old crew that he can trust to help him pull it off and get his bro out of dutch . But the cops are onto him , so can he pull it off ? This was one of the great candidates of a film to re - make as the Original was far from a classic . And if you do n't go into it expecting much , and turn the thinking portion of your brain off so you can ignore the plot hole ans just take the movie for what it is . You 'll end up enjoying the ride . Watch it on a double - bill with " The Fast and the Furious " for a night of high - speed hijinks , just do n't take the car out for a spin right afterwards.<br /><br />My Grade : B- < br /><br />DVD Extras : 7 minute Jerry Bruckheimer Interview ; Bruckheimer Bio / Filmography ; Action Overload : Highlight Reel ; The Big Chase ; " 0 To 60 " featurette ; " Wild Rides " featurette ; Stars On The Move ; The Cult " Painted On The Heart " music video ; Theatrical Trailer , and Trailers for " Shanghai Noon " , " Mission to Mars " and " Coyote Ugly "
1 I have had the chance to watch several movies in BluRay and HD DVD . This movie stays to it 's wonderful action and great story . Although if you are looking for a movie with an excellent picture this one is not it . Not having this movie on DVD helped make the purchase easier . I have always enjoyed the intense action and the excellent acting which do n't always go together . Overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch . Now on the Blu Ray scale . In many Blu Ray movies you either get two things . A picture that is almost crystal clear with no distortion or a movie with grainy hd picture . I was disappointed when I made this my first blu ray movie . I almost began to think that this was a blu ray standard . Although after watching other movies I know better . I do n't believe they spent as much time as they should have transferring this movie over to hd . That is generally the problem with some movies . And for the price of Blu Ray players and the Blue Ray Discs you should only have the best picture . So I only consider this a worthwhile investment for people who have either never seen the movie or have not bought the DVD version .
1 If you like cars you will love this film!<br /><br />There are some superb actors in the film , especially Vinnie Jones , with his typical no nonsense attitude and hardcase appearance . The others are not bad either .... <br /><br />There are only two slight flaws to this film . Firstly , the poor plot , however people do n't watch this film for the plot . Secondly , the glorification of grand theft auto ( car crime ) . However if people really believe they can steal a Ferrari and get away with it then good look to them , hope you have a good time in jail!<br /><br />When i first read that Nicolas Cage was to act the main role , i first thought " ... sweeet . " , but then i thought " ... naaaa you suck ! " but then finally after watching the film i realised " ... yep he suck's!".Only joking he plays the role very well.<br /><br />I'll end this unusual review by saying " If the premature demise of a criminal has in some way enlightened the general cinema going audience as to the grim finish below the glossy veneer of criminal life , and inspired them to change their ways , then this death carries with it an inherent nobility . And a supreme glory . We should all be so fortunate . You can say " Poor Criminal . " I say : " Poor us." < br /><br />p.s . - Angelina Jolie Voight looks quite nice !
1 It is a great movie if you have ever named your cars or are really into old , fast , or exotic cars . It has a plot and a lot of action . The car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene . All of the other scenes are great . I really enjoyed it and I hope everyone else does as well .
1 I saw this on a flight over to the U.S and was a little sceptical at first as a few people had said there were so many characters in it that you did nt get to know any of them . However I did nt find this at all . The film is fast , but this is due to the nature of the director and the star . The chase scenes are excellent and yes it may be predictable but is nt that true of most films . The main villain is a bit of a let down , Christopher Eccelston is not as convincing as he could have been , but that said its still a good film .
1 Good action and interesting plot . Having seen the original I must say it was an interesting improvement and showed more of the movie . Good cast .. meaningful acting .. although it would nice to see some more expansion in the action scenes rather than the background story . Fun movie to watch and keeps you alert all the time 7/10 is a right vote I think !
1 Weak , fast and multicolor , this is the Valvoline 's movie in fact you can see always this brand of oil in a lot of scene . The real protagonist are the cars , weak performances of Cage and Duvall . A intresting Angelina Jolie is a unlikely mechanic . For the lovers of dream car(LAMBORGHINI and FERRARI over all ) .
1 The story is quite original , but the movie is kinda slow building up to the point where they steal the cars . Its kinda nice though to watch them prepare the stealing too , but the actual stealing should 've been more in picture ... However the stunt work on this movie was excellent and it is definetly a movie you HAVE to see ( 7/10 )
1 i went to see this movie with a bunch of friends one night . I did n't really hear much about it . So I was n't expecting anything . But after I saw it , I really liked it . Nicolas Cage and the rest of the cast were very good . But I do have to say Giovanni Ribisi 's acting performace did need a little perking up . But such a small flaw , it could be overrided . < br /><br />Gone In 60 Seconds is about a retired car thief who must boost 60 rare and exotic cars in one night to save his brother 's life . The movie is in no way predictable . So the ending should be a suprise . Think it 's just another , fast car driving movie ? Well you are partially right . There is much more to it . Everyone should take a look at this movie .
1 I really loved this film , yes , I know it was fairly far fetched , there is no way that Shelby car could have managed to stay on the road as well as the 540i with all it 's traction control and other gizmos but other than that the whole film was well put together . Cage was excellent as usual and the rest of the cast were also pretty good with the exception of the Brit Bad Guy , he was a little " too " much do n't you think ? Anyway , great film , great cars and great acting . I for one made sure my car was locked and alarmed in my remotely controlled garage that night . :)
1 < br /><br />I saw once No Man 's Land ( 1987 ) - IMDB link http://us.imdb.com/Title?0093638 - and found it ok . The film is about a guy who steals only Porsches . Gone in Sixty Seconds comes 13 years after and adds nothing to it . In fact , it has a lot of scenes that are worthless . And the ending is very , very bad.<br /><br />The Sphinx has a magnetic screen presence that should have been better used ...
1 The documentary begins with setting the perspective to several light years . The voyager is traveling our milky - way with the sounds of our earthly lives , as a space monument for ( possible ? ) extraterrestrials . < br /><br />The documentary contains footage of Willy Dixen , Robert Johnson , Skip James and J.B. Lenoir . The footage of J.B. has never been published before . The narrative is from ' blind Willie ' Dixon . However , it 's done by an actor . The film shows the work of all these early blues men followed by covers and interpretations by musicians , such as Nick Cave and the bad Seeds among others . < br /><br />The Death of J.B. Lenoir ( John Mayall 's song ) is a striking event in the story . Lenoir got political engaged and is considered to be of the league of Martin Luther King and peers . His political interests can be found in the themes of his lyrics . < br /><br />Blues is found to be ' THE ' native music of America . Blues is the roots and the rest is the fruits.<br /><br />The title ' Soul of a Man ' is after a Willie Dixon song .
1 I always enjoyed watching this when it came on television during prime - time every year in the 60 's . It 's a typical Hollywood history epic , dramatized , stylized and full of inaccuracies but so what , it 's an entertaining movie and a good looking film . Cecil B. DeMille at the end of his life is the executive producer of this remake of his 1938 film . His son - in - law actor Anthony Quinn who had the supporting role of Beluche in the ' 38 film is the director in his directorial debut and swan song as he had never directed a film before and never would again . DeMille assembled a crew who had recently worked on his 10 Commandments to help Quinn pull it off including longtime DeMille associate producer / actor Henry Wilcoxon overseeing the project . Also from the 10 Commandments are screenwriter Jesse Lasky , cinematographer Loyalk Griggs , assistant director Francisco Day , 2nd unit director Arthur Rosson , art directors Walter Tyler and Hal Pereira , set directors Sam Comer and Ray Moyer , costume designers Edith Head , John Jensen and Ralph Lester who as a costume design team received The Buccaneer 's only Oscar nomination . A great cast here from team DeMille headed up by Yul Brynner as pirate Jean Lafitte and Charleton Heston as future President General Andrew Jackson . Also in the cast are Charles Boyer , E.G. Marshall , Lorne Greene , Claire Bloom and Inger Stevens . At just over two hours it drags in some spots but makes up for it with some excellent battle scenes . I would give it a 7.5 out of 10 .
1 This interesting feature has a very fine story - line , rather colorful characters and a very steady pace . it also incorporates a plot device from " Reap the Wild Wind " , and since Cecil B. Deille directed that and his son - in - law Anbthony Quinn directed this film from his preparations , that can hardly be a coincidence . it works in both cases , I must report . The unusual set - up tells the viewer that Barataria , an island ruled by Jean Lafitte is built upon piracy , but during the war of 1812 , and before , he has always refrained from bothering United States ' vessels . Now General Andrew Jackson has been charged with defending nearby New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British Imperial redcoats and 60 ships . Lafitte 's men want him to side with the stronger force ; he wants freedom and pardons for his men before ceding such a strategic landing spot to the U.S. forces . There are other factors at work in the story - line ; pirate Bonnie Brown and her father want to attack U.S. ships and do so in defiance of Lafitte 's orders , leaving a boy alive without knowing they have missed an eyewitness . When his testimony finally comes out , Jackson can not grant what Lafitte asks ; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog , the pirates and Jackson rout the British and he sails away to whatever destiny awaits a man who had genius and statesmanship but not fortune . The cast of this colorful and physically - lovely film are skilled indeed . Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as the pirate king , Inger Stevens is beautiful ; as the girl he loves , Charles Boyer has many good lines as his adviser , powerful Lorne Greene is a rival , E.G. Marshall the Governor , and Claire Bloom is charismatic as Bonnie Brown . Others in the cast include Ted de Corsia , Douglass Dumbrille , George Mathews , Henry Hull as Jackson 's adviser , Bruce Gordon , Onslow Stevens , Robert F. Simon , Henry Brandon , Fran Jeffries , and Leslie Bradley , among others . The music by Elmer Bernstein is very memorable , and the 1938 script remade here had only to be freshened a bit . The shiny cinematography was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs , the set decoration was supplied by Albert Nozaki , Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler , with set decoration by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head , John Jensen and Ralph Jester . Nellie Manley did the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore the difficult makeup . The film contains quite a bit of good adventure - level dialogue and a very strong climactic battle scene . Charlton Heston , as as Andrew Jackson , prepared to play the part of an elder general and then discovered the man was young at the time of the battle ; but he is often effective , grey - haired or not , especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey . This is an exciting and well - mounted entertainment , which looks exactly as if C.B. DeMille had completed his production ; it is a beautiful and nearly a very - fine motion picture .
1 < br /><br />If you 're at all interested in pirates , pirate movies , New Orleans / early 19th century American history , or Yul Brynner , see this film for yourself and make up your own mind about it . Do n't be put off by various lacklustre reviews . My reaction to it was that it is entertaining , well acted ( for the most part ) , has some very witty dialogue , and that it does an excellent job of portraying the charm , appeal and legendary fascination of the privateer Jean Lafitte . While not all the events in the film are historically accurate ( can you show me any historical film that succeeds in this ? ) , I feel the film is accurate in its treatment of the role Lafitte played in New Orleans ' history , and the love - hate relationship between the " respectable " citizens of New Orleans and this outlaw who was one of the city 's favorite sons . Do n't worry about what the film does n't do , but watch it for what it does do , i.e. , for its study of one of New Orleans ' , and America 's , most intriguing historical figures .
1 Sure , the history in this movie was " Hollywoodized "-- but it 's far from being the only bit of history rewritten for the masses . Lafitte sided with the Americans because he considered himself a Frenchman and therefore hated the British , not because of any sense of patriotism for a nation that had taken over New Orleans only a short time ago ; he broke his agreement and returned to smuggling , which caused his sailing to Galveston ; he was more of a petty criminal and scoundrel than a hero * or * a swashbuckler . But who cares ? This is one movie that 's sheer entertainment -- and face it , we all wanted Jean to go for the feisty wench rather than the prudish daughter of the governor . Brynner once again rises over mediocre writing to give a fascinating performance .
1 During the whole Pirates of The Caribbean Trilogy Craze Paramount Pictures really dropped the ball in restoring this Anthony Quinn directed Cecil B. DeMille supervised movie and getting it on DVD and Blu Ray with all the extras included . It is obvious to me that Paramount Pictures Execs are blind as bats and ignorant of the fact that they have a really good pirate movie in their vault about a real pirate who actually lived in New Orleans , Louisiana which would have helped make The Crescent City once again famous for it 's Pirate Connections . When the Execs at Paramount finally get with the program and release this movie in digital format then I will be a happy camper . Paramount Pictures it is up to you to get off your duff and get this film restored now !
1 Taken in the context of the time it was made , I found this a worthwhile movie . While the details may be ' dramatized ' , the overall history was a nice primer . In addition , I found spotting actors I knew a real pleasure . Who would imagine Ben Cartwright as a dastardly cad ? I 'll leave the rest of the star spotting to you . As to the secondary casting , this movie ( as one would expect from a movie made in the late thirties ) has many an enjoyable character actor , but top kudos ' to Andrew Jackson 's right hand man Peavey . The perfect touch of comedy . Well shot , with beautiful ships , and competent acting throughout out , I recommend this for anyone with a taste for the slightly camp , or an eye for a double - period piece , set at the dawn of America , and made in a period when great names , and top notch character actors , were a real pleasure to enjoy .
1 The original DeMille movie was made in 1938 with Frederic March . A very good film indeed . Hollywood 's love of remakes brings us a fairly interesting movie starring Yul Brynner . He of course was brilliant as he almost always seemed to be in all of his movies . Charlton Heston as Andrew Jackson was a stroke of genius . However , the movie did tend to get a little long in places . It does not move at the pace of the 1938 version . Still , it is a fun movie that should be seen at least once .
1 This movie has great stars in their earlier years : Ingor Stevens never looked prettier ; Yul Brynner was a very convincing Jean LaFitte , conflicted about his piracy and desiring to keep neutrality with the United States . Charlton Heston did a pretty good job as Andrew Jackson , but some moments were a bit stilted . It 's really a good flick for students to learn that part of our history , AND it shows that all happy endings do NOT include the lovers getting together with each other -- sometimes the happier ending is that they sail away and find partners of similar background who will understand them better in the long run . I have viewed it every year at least twice for 16 years now ; and though it is not the best movie I 've ever seen , I love it every time !
1 of the films of the young republic few in number as they are The Buccaneer ( 1958)stands out as a finely crafted film . Charleton Heston excels in his portrayal of Old Hickory 's defence of New Orleans with a thrown together force of militia , regulars and pirates promised a reprieve.<br /><br />after Christmas 1814 peninsula veterans led by sir edward packenham , the duke of wellington 's brother in law bore down on the city of new orleans . andy jackson had a day to draw together a scratch force to defend the city behind bales of hay.<br /><br />Charlton Heston projects Jackson 's terrifying presence and awe inspiring power of command . Yet there are a few colorful comic relief . With the might of the English lioness about to pounce , a young blond haired voluteer from New Orleans asks : I guess the ruckus is about to start.<br /><br />the battle was about to rage but not for long . true to form the British marched straight into withering American fire . in less than a few minutes an attempt to reconquer lost north American territories had been foiled.<br /><br />the battle scene in this movies lasts slightly longer than the actual battle itself.<br /><br />there are colorful side stories in this film of the young volunteer at his first dance to celebrate the victory .
1 I am afraid it was a movie that you have to ACTUALLY WATCH to get anything out of it . I t is not a mindless movie like ..... " LEATHAL WEAPON PART 58 " you know the one where Riggs is really crazy ? it is not a movie that is pretty much the same at the end as it is a the beginning . you can run everywhere talk on the phone do what ever and enjoy it in any way . I have noticed in the past that most people that do not like this type of movie are the type that will do most anything but watch a movie and then slam it because ..... duh they do n't get it or understand it or what happened.<br /><br />DON'T LET YOUR DOGGY TAKE A SHOWER ! ! !
1 hello . i just watched this movie earlier today for the 14th time in 3 days . i am a history teacher that has wayyyyy too much time on my hands . i need a life . i found the movie containing a striking resemblance to broke back mountain . i also found that i look a lot like jean Lafitte if he were white . also , my favorite line in the entire movie was from Mr. Petey--"this baby can shoot a chipmunk 's eye from 300 yards ! ! " oh , and my favorite scene in the movie was when the British were coming in , and the one drummer who was so devoted to his work , and he drummed till the death , as if that drum would end the war altogether .... but it would n't . well , that s all i would like to say about this movie . OH , one more thing .. bonnie brown is an insane physco bipolar mood swinging BEEYOTCH . that is all .
1 I almost did n't rent this because of all the bad comments but did anyways . I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked . The only part i hated about the tooth ferry was the 2 red neck brothers at the gas station . They were funny and the dialog made me laugh but this was not a comedy . It ruined the movie a bit for me because it was unnecessary . The rest of the movie was the way a horror or suspense film should be . The make - up was good and I have seen way worse movies then this one . It was a simple story with believable acting . It 's not the scariest or goriest movie , but I was n't ticked off or wanting a refund after watching it . On the DVD there was previews of other movies that all look good and i 'm gon na check them out .
1 I thought the children in the show did a very good job . I especially enjoyed the performance of the Emma character . Well done ! The stunts were pretty good for a low budget show . I was able to follow the movie and enjoy it without having to look at my watch every 5 minutes . I enjoyed the scenes with the tooth fairy and the burning of her . The ghostly apparitions of the children 's souls being released was also good . Another good point of the movie is that it kept moving along . There was n't a lot of slow scenes . The adult leads were also believable and therefore helped to keep the show entertaining . All in all an enjoyable night of movie watching .
1 To Be Honost With you i think everything was so good in this movie there should be no reason why it did n't go into theaters , The Deaths in the movie are awesome the fx are awesome when used , There are a few dull moments when the story 's following the little girl but all in all this was a very good movie that i hope someday get 's the props it should . The very first part of the movie is prob why it came straight to video with them killing a little boy but after that the story is based on a little girl and her mother who came to visit the moms boyfriend who moved out to try to become a writer , The property he buy 's turns out to be where the Witch(Tooth Fairy)lives and anyone who live in her house or goes on her property will be in great danger do n't wanna give anything really away just a little info if you 've wanted to see this movie then do so it 's worth the price of the rental
1 My baby sitter was a fan so I saw many of the older episodes while growing up . I 'm not a fan of Scooby Doo so I 'm not sure why I left the TV on when this show premiered . To my surprise I found it enjoyable . To me Shaggy and Scooby were the only interesting characters * dodges tomatoes from fans of the others * so I like that they only focus on those two . However , this may cause fans of the original shows to hate it . I like the voice acting , especially Dr. Phinius Phibes . I liked listening to him even before I knew he was Jeff Bennett . And Jim Meskimen as Robi sounds to me like he 's really enjoying his job as an actor . I also get a kick out of the techies with their slightly autistic personalities and their desires to play Dungeons and Dragons or act out scenes from Star Wars ( not called by those names in the show , of course ) .
1 Like many here I grew up with Scooby - Doo . Unlike many here who did , I love this show ! I think that it has been very well done and thought through . Everything about it marks it as a spin - off which is n't meant to be taken seriously . The formula is simple - it is a parody of other cartoons with a single bad guy trying to get the better of the good guy . By using the well known Shaggy and Scooby - Doo characters it is much easier to engage the viewer with the parody humour from the outset of each 30 minute episode.<br /><br />There have always been Scooby - Doo spin - offs which have annoyed fans . The classic being the Scooby - Shaggy - Scrappy shorts from the 80 's . These spin - offs had their place : They allowed new content to be sold , created new fans , and kept Scooby - Doo merchandise on the shelves . I would agree that " Shaggy & Scooby - Doo : Get a Clue ! " does n't fit in with this traditional role but it is probably what I had always wanted the Scooby - Shaggy - Scrappy shorts to be : an action packed show which focuses on the best / funniest Scooby - Doo characters ! Good features of the show : the animation , the voices , the attention to detail , the bad - guys , the " Best Friend " relationship between Shaggy and Scooby - Doo , the constant humour ! Bad features : None , although the revamped Mystery Machine is pretty close at times.<br /><br />Well done Warner Bros. Animation ! One of the cleverest cartoons in a long time !
1 I actually really like what I 've seen of this cartoon so far . Sure , the animation is n't the best , but frankly , I 'd rather see this type of more cartoony style done quickly and cheaply than the old type of style done quickly and cheaply ( which was starting to happen more and more often -- it 's only a style that looks good when a lot of time and effort is put into it ) . There 's nothing wrong with the angular lines and the little black - dot eyes -- in fact , I think it 's really cute . As a kid I never thought Scooby - Doo 's design was particularly adorable , but I think I might like it better know.<br /><br />Anyway , Shaggy has always been my favorite character , and believe it or not , but I think he has the most potential for some depth . Sure , the show does n't center around the original " Mystery - solving " theme , but that was just a tired old formula anyway . Do n't get me wrong -- I'm sure there are writers out there who would be able to bring a lot more interest to Mystery Inc. 's traditional pursuits ( which has been lacking as late ) , but in the mean time this show is a fun deviation from the standard . Shaggy and Scooby are still funny , but no longer only comic relief . They 're still cowardly , but finally have the opportunity to use what seems to be ( shock ! ) intelligence . They 're the same old over - eating slackers as ever , but now actually seem to be getting on with their lives with the help of Uncle Albert 's inheritance.<br /><br />I used to find most original Scooby - Doo jokes to be pure cheese and unintentionally hilarious at best , but this show actually exercises a capacity for real humor . Also , I never really like Casey Kasem as Shaggy anyway , so the new actor does n't annoy me as much as he does other people . ( I still think Billy West was the best , though)<br /><br />Overall , while not a great cartoon in the scope of all of cartoon history , still an achievement among other Scooby incarnations .
1 I just ca n't believe some of the comments on this show ! The show is just genius ! Sure it does n't follow the tried and true , but do we as consumers always want the same things thrust at us over and over again . Should n't we have the option to sit back and enjoy something new once in a while . The style is not as realistic as previous " Scooby Doo " shows , but it 's not supposed to be . The show it titled " Shaggy and Scooby Doo Get a Clue " what part of that title states that the entire beloved cast of other renditions would constantly join in the action . And nowhere does it say that they 'd be solving mysteries , and they ca n't even stand monsters , so why would they ? I 'm actually glad that they put some long standing plot points that work into a Scooby - Doo show . They still have running jokes , clumsy hi - jinks , quick - change outfits in chase scenes , the standard hallway gag and even Scooby snacks . In fact I 'm glad that this show is out there , because I just love it . I 'm even glad they got rid of the rest of the team for a while and concentrated on just two main characters and a villain.<br /><br />Sure it 's ridiculous , it 's supposed to be ! Sure it 's different , it 's supposed to be . It 's supposed to make you laugh at the villain , and cheer for the idiotic robotic butler to triumph over all intruding vermin , no matter what the size . You 're supposed to get the running " Roobi - Roo " joke . The whole thing is just put together so well , there is n't a single thing I can think that is WRONG with it . The writing , the acting , the animation , all top notch . The title music is awesome ( my computer plays " GET A CLUE ! " when it boots up ) , and the background music is just gripping .
1 I grew up watching Scooby and have been a fan forever . This cartoon moves away from the same old routine that can get boring to viewers . The Crooks in Mask routine gets old and This cartoon is a change from that . It 's not meant to replace the Scooby gang it 's just a break from the same old crime scene for both viewers and writers I 'm sure . The cartoon 's focus is on Scooby and Shaggy who inherits a large sum of money and use that money to thwart world conquest plans from a mad scientist and his goons . Small homages of the gang and the gang themselves are featured from time to time . If you are a fan of Scooby - Doo you can still appreciate the bond between a boy and his talking dog , along with the jokes that come with it . Just Enjoythe Cartoon and support the creators / writers and producers so that this wo n't be the last Scooby Cartoon .
1 This series , produced at probably the most propitious time following the events of the second World War , is on a scale of value that stands far above any individual 's presumption to criticize.<br /><br />The timing of World at War 's production in 1974 , amounting to some three decades after the events of the war , permits an accurate relating of events in a manner uncoloured by residual propaganda and slant . The passage of thirty years allows the telling to be backed up by an impressive and fascinating panoply of the very individuals involved , ranging from some of the highest military and political figures down to the field soldiers , civilians , and such survivors of the death camps as have remained to bear witness to the unimaginable inhumanities of which civilized humans are capable . Most approaching or well into their senior years , the interviewed subjects have had enough time to reflect on their experiences and in most instances have had enough time for whatever propaganda and fervor may have affected them in the past to have receded away , leaving only the memories of what they saw and what they did.<br /><br />The information that these survivors give , strikingly reinforced by the postures and expressions they display while telling their part , give their stories all the more impact . Such names as Ira Eaker , Adolph Galland , Louis Mountbatten , Albert Speer , Gertrude Junge ( Hitler 's personal secretary ) ... the list is far too long to relate . < br /><br />Today , within the lifetime of the survivors of this enormous lesson in the hideous price of political ambition , are young people who chant the same sort of militaristic and nationalistic war promotion as led to WW2 . The DVD series we discuss here ought to comprise the core of a mandatory history subject in schools , that the lessons bought at such a horrible cost in those days should not have been wasted but should be taken to heart by those who did not see firsthand the terrible price.<br /><br />I am almost done watching the 11 disk set , having seen most of the series when a local TV channel aired it more than 10 years ago . It has lost none of its poignancy to me , indeed has become even more of a magnificent chronicle of some of the very darkest days of human times.<br /><br />The highest possible rating seems unworthy of being applied to this presentation . I think the value of this series is beyond counting .
1 Utterly brilliant . Powerful and evocative . The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war . It 's tone offers a stark contrast to the often gung - ho attitude towards World War 2 that the media exhibits . Rather than opting for screaming about the horror of war , it allows Sir Laurence Olivier 's quiet voice to take a back seat to the true images of war : corpses everywhere , explosions , terrified citizens and soldiers , broken men , indifferent politicians , mistakes that cost thousands of lives , the suffering of the innocents . Most of all it truly brings home that mankind is capable of when all normal rules of " civility " are removed . There is something distinctly Hobbesian about man in a true state of nature , he will return to a more beastly form capable of crimes that will still shock and fascinate 60 years on . Perhaps there could be a follow up series called " The century at war " for the twentieth century was truly the century of horrors . I feel it is an irony of immense magnitude that it took an event which caused the death of 50 million people to produce such a compelling and excellent series such as this .
1 Theo Robertson has commented that WAW did n't adequately cover the conditions after WWI which lead to Hitler 's rise and WWII.<br /><br />Perhaps he missed the first ONE and a quarter HOURS of volume 8 ? Covers this period , and together with the earlier volumes in the series , shows clearly the existing conditions , I feel . A friend of mine grew up in Germany during this period , joined the Hitler Youth even , and his experiences were very similar to that mentioned in WAW.<br /><br />This documentary is SO far above the History Channel 's documentaries I also own , that there is no comparison.<br /><br />The ONLY fault , and it is a small one , that I have with WAW is this : the numbers are not included , many times . For instance , if you 're talking about lend - lease , then how much war material was lent / leased ? How much to Russia , how much to Britian ? How many merchant ships did the U - Boats sink , and when ? How many ships did the German or Japanese Navy have , total , in 1941 ? What type were they ? How many troops ? How many troops did the allies have , in total , and by country ? Lots of numbers could have made a lot of viewers nod off , but I would have preferred MORE ! And naturally , I always want to see more military analysis . Like WHY did n't Patton & Clark trap the German army that was at Cassini , after they had it surrounded , instead of racing Monty to Rome , and letting it escape ? I do n't think you can begin to understand war until you 've seen some of these video segments on " total war " , like the fire bombing of Dresden . It 's like trying to understand Auschwitz , etc . , before you see the clips of the death camps : you just ca n't wrap your head around it - it 's too unbelievable.<br /><br />Unknown at that time , and of course , unfilmed , were the most egregious cruelties and inhumanities of the Japanese , including cannibalism , ( read " Flyboys " ) , and some LIVE vivisection of medical " experimentation " prisoners , w/o any anesthetic ! < br /><br />Dave
1 My wife and I have watched this whole series at least three times . I ca n't imagine how it could be better . This is n't the " complete " history of WWII—no library could hold such a history—but it is the best summary of that history . Lots of detail , lots of personal stories , and still keeps the overall picture in view.<br /><br />Olivier 's narration is excellently written and , of course , superbly given . The interviews are from all sides , except the Russian , because the producers were not allowed to talk to many Russians . It is very much worth owning this complete program on DVD . We treasure our copy.<br /><br />The producer 's do an excellent job of providing pictures and action where there was almost none extant in any archive : There are almost no films of convoys and submarine battles , for instance , but still , the episode on this subject is very well done .
1 The music and Laurence Olivier 's sombre delivery set the tone perfectly for this outstanding documentary . This is still a must see for WW II buffs , descendants of the participants of that conflict , politicians who think things always go their way when they extend their foreign policy via the deck of an aircraft carrier ( did you hear that George Bush ? ) and anyone else curious or needing to know the why s who s and how s of some aspect of that conflict . The 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order but can be seen out of sequence since they are more or less self contained . There is bound to be new insight for the new viewer because of the sheer volume presented . Actual footage of the battles is interspersed with interviews of those involved in the stories . Many of the interviews are with second line authorities , that is , support personnel to the main characters , privates , captains , secretaries , eyewitnesses and the like . You get a real upfront taste of what war is all about.<br /><br />I am presently watching the DVD version of the original television documentary . I strongly recommend this over the worn out , gaptoothed , overpriced VHS offerings available on eBay . I paid $ 120 Cdn for five 2-sided DVD discs . This new release includes bonus material and is in full screen mode . The menus are easy to follow , there is first a choice of which episode you want to view and then after selecting that you are given the option of various chapters in the episode or to play the whole episode . It is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation there is a tiny amount more of navigation in the menu but the impact of what you will see is not diminished after 30 years , nay , after 60 years since the war finished.<br /><br />I remember watching the first broadcast on the Buffalo PBS station just before moving from London in 1975 and wishing right from that time that I could have a copy . Now my wish has finally come true.<br /><br />See this documentary . Tell your friends . Buy a copy for your library . Remember and honour the sacrifices and challenges overcome by those from America , Russia , Britain , Canada and all the other nations and peoples involved in the final victory . What an eye opener .
1 Although too young to remember the first showing of the series ( being just a baby ) I later caught repeats of it on television in the late 80 's , just when I was getting interested in the war and all of its aspects . It was my grandfather who first showed me the series and also gave me my first interests , relating tales of his time in the Royal Navy at Malta and later in the Pacific . Since then I have devoured many books and seen many television series about the World War Two era , with mixed opinions . The British television stations are generally very good at producing these , as The World At War can easily attest , with many gems made by both the BBC and independent companies . I strongly recommend such titles as " The Nazis - A warning From History " , " Blitz " and the BBC series about Dunkirk . " Britain At War In Colour " , with its companion series " Japan " , " Germany " and " America " are of a very high standard . The World At War is by far the best and , despite its age , never fails to deliver . There will always be new revelations about the war that will keep cropping up that obviously are n't included in the series and of course World War Two took place over such a large canvas that to produce a series with EVERY detail would take more time and money then any other , even if such an undertaking was even possible . What I feel I must say to those who decry that it does not include everything is that The World At War ca n't physically do that as a series but it sure as heck can prompt you to do further research - and make it enjoyable . That certainly worked for me : I now have a very comprehensive library of books , videos , DVDs and tapes and CDs . Recommend to anyone with even a passing interest . The series was so well made that they 'd find it hard not to agree that it is quality programming and highly informative .
1 If you want just about everything you want to know about WWII from multiple perspectives , this DVD delivers , you WILL learn new things guaranteed , so much so that you wo n't need any other documentary 's on the subject . Get this , watch it , learn from it . Good for school use as well . As a bonus , watch this with Tora tora tora , saving private ryan , patton , band of brothers , a bridge too far , the longest day and other WWII epics along with this to make your knowledge of WWII even more complete . Sir Laurence Oliver 's voice adds to the overall atmosphere of each episode in this 26 part series . Seriously you wo n't find a better WWII documentary set on the subject . PERFECT 10 ! ! !
1 Certainly any others I have seen pale in comparison . The series gives balanced coverage to all theatres of operation . No one country is given undue credit for the Allied victory . Laurence Olivier brings great weight and dignity to his role as narrator .
1 After all these years I still consider this series the finest example of World War II documentary film making . The interviews with the many participants from all countries set this apart from any other project . It would be great to see a contemporary documentarian(Ken Burns ? ) take on this topic and try to gather information from veterans before they are all gone . With modern technology to improve old archival footage and lots of information that has been unearthed since 1974 when The World At War was produced , an updated version of this series would be welcome . The History Channel has made some fine shows dealing with many aspects of WWII but an expansive series such as the World At War has not been successfully attempted since the original . If you are interested in this era do n't miss this series . It is required viewing .
1 This should be required viewing for all young people . This is documentary at its best , from the haunting music and terrific narration by Olivier to its unflinching and penetrating analyses , The World at War is unforgettable and irreplaceable for anyone who wants to know about humanity 's sorry experience at the nadir of the 20th century .
1 I must have seen this a dozen times over the years . I was about fifteen when I first saw it in B & W on the local PBS station.<br /><br />I bought a DVD set for the children to see , and am making them watch it . They do n't teach history in School , and this explains the most critical event of the 20th Century . It expands their critical thinking.<br /><br />Impartially , with the participants on all sides explaining in their own words what they did and why , it details what lead up to the war and the actual war.<br /><br />Buy it for your children , along with Alistair Cooke 's America . Watch it with them , and make them understand . You 'll be so glad you did .
1 Example of how a World War 2 documentary should be made , using first hand accounts from actual troops and civilians whom participated in this awful conflict , and archived footage gathered from around the time .I caught this on a re - run on the History channel about a year and a half back , with no knowledge really of the Second World War at the time , but it enveloped me , and now I consider myself a World War 2 buff , watching and reading any and all that I can find about it , but nothing comes close to this landmark documentary , definitely worth buying the boxed set of ............. <br /><br />This is quite simply documentary making of the very highest standard .
1 10 out of 10 , this brilliant , super documentary is a must see , with film clips from the war which people did not seen for years , untill this was screened in 1974 . The film clips in this documentary from the war does n't miss out anything , some of the clips left me dumbstuck . The whole series is over 20 episodes long , and Sir Lawrence Olivier is the narrator and tells a stunning story of war . Simply this is still probably the best documentary of war still , and now over 25 years old still is able to pack a tremendous punch . You must watch this at some time , even if it 's a few episodes , even at that you will still be blown away at the impact this documentary means to those who have been there suffered and died in the name of WAR , in a WORLD AT WAR ..
1 This is without doubt the best documentary ever produced giving an accurate and epic depiction of World War 2 from the invasion of Poland in 1939 to the end of the war in 1945.<br /><br />Honest and to the point , this documentary presents views from both sides of the conflict giving a very human face to the war . At the same time tactics and the importance of Battles are not overlooked , much work has been put into the giving a detailed picture of the war and in particularly the high , low and turning points in the allies fortunes . Being a British produced documentary this 26 part series focus is mainly on Britain , but Russia and America 's contribution are not skimmed over this is but one such advantage of a series of such length.<br /><br />Another worthy mention is the score , the music and the whole feel of the documentary is one of turmoil , struggle and perseverance . Like a film this series leaves the viewer in no doubt of the hardship faced by the allies and the Germans during the war , its build to a climax at the end of every episode , which serves to layer the coarse of the second world war . After watching all 26 the viewer is left with an extensive knowledge about the war and astonished at just how much we owe to the members of the previous generation .
1 I remember watching this as a child in the UK , mesmerized by the story and Laurence Olivier 's narration . We would talk about nothing else at school the next day . I imagine the ratings for the first showing were huge . This is quite simply the best most comprehensive documentary series despite the fact they had to cut the story down to the bone they managed to capture so much . What is interesting is that the battles of Britain and North Africa were pivotal yet are widely unrecognized as such by Americans . The series captures the rivalry between Mountbatten and the American generals , the suffering of German troops on the Eastern front , the maltreatment of Japanese prisoners of war by American troops . The images of the holocaust made me , a non - Jewish European , feel forever guilty about the treatment of the Jewish people . I do n't know why this is not number one in the IMDb rankings . Perhaps they are showing their bias against documentaries . Spoiler - we win .
1 I am not a very good writer , so I 'll keep this short . World at War is the best WWII documentary that I 've seen . I 've seen different WWII documentaries ( not only English / North American ) and this documentary seems to be the most complete WWII documentary that I 've seen . I think it could talk a bit more about the Great Depression and why / how Hitler got to power , but it does a very good job at covering the war . It seems to be complete and objective / fair to everyone . It does not exaggerate or diminish roles of different nations . It has a lot of original footage , including color footage and many eye witnesses ( it was made in 70 's when a lot more were alive ) . It has great music and narrator . All - in - All I gave this one 10/10 , because it 's that good . ( I have n't seen specials in DVD version so I can not comment on those )
1 World At War is perhaps the greatest documentary series of all time . The historical research is virtually flawless . Even after a quarter century , it is the most accurate and definitive documentary about WW2 . An invaluable historical work that includes interviews with some of the most important and fascinating figures from the war . I highly recommend it as a learning experience .
1 Still the definitive program about the Second World War , The World At War is n't just long , but also very informative . The series contains 26 episodes ( each episode lasts for about 45 min . ) , and includes the events leading up to and following in the wake of the war . Most episodes are about the war in Europe , and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific . Other episodes include information about the wars in Africa , Burma , the Atlantic and the home fronts of Germany , Great Britain , United States and Soviet Union . There is one episode that 's dedicated to the Holocaust . The series starts off with the episode A New Germany ( 1933 - 1939 ) , and tells about the rise of the Nazis in Germany and German territorial gains prior to the outbreak of war . The series ends with the episode Remember ; the war 's influence in a post - war world . Remember is a fitting episode to end this great program . Every episode begins with a short introduction and then with opening credits . The credits are accompanied by a powerful music theme . There are many fitting music pieces throughout the series . Each episode is like a mini - film . The footage is fantastic , and so is the way it was put together . In addition , some of the footage is in color . The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining.<br /><br />The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television ( UK ) . Commissioned in 1969 , it took four years to produce , such was the depth of its research . The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier ( one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century ) . The series interviewed leading members of the Allied and Axis campaigns , including eyewitness accounts by civilians , enlisted men , officers and politicians , amongst them Albert Speer , Karl Donitz , Jimmy Stewart , Bill Mauldin , Curtis LeMay , Lord Mountbatten , Alger Hiss , Toshikazu Kase , Arthur Harris , Charles Sweeney , Paul Tibbets , Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose . Jeremy Isaacs says in " The Making of The World at War " that he sought to interview , not necessarily the surviving big names , but their aides and assistants . The most difficult subject to locate and persuade to be interviewed , according to Isaacs , was Heinrich Himmler 's adjutant , Karl Wolff . The latter admitted to witnessing a large - scale execution in Himmler 's presence.<br /><br />The World At War is often considered to be the definitive television history of the Second World War . Some consider it the finest example of the documentary form . In a list of the 100 Greatest British Television Programmes drawn up by the British Film Institute in 2000 , voted for by industry professionals , The World at War ranked 19th . The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war . After watching a few episodes I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one after the other . I 've seen some of them several times . There are two other great documentary series that I know of that may be of interest to the viewer . One is called The Great War ( 1964 ) that 's about World War I. The other is called Cold War ( 1998 ) that 's about the Cold War obviously .
1 i watched this series when it first came out in the 70s.i was 14 years old and i watched it at my best friends house as my dad did n't want to watch it.it became a weekly ritual every Sunday , and as anyone will tell you for two fourteen year olds to watch a documentary in almost reverential silence must mean that this was something special.<br /><br />the broad sweep of the events of world war 2 makes for a difficult subject to document.so the makers broke it down into what they considered to be the most significant key happenings and devoted one episode to each.some episodes covered long periods such as ' wolf pack ' which covered nearly all six years of the battle of the Atlantic.while the battle of Stalingrad had one episode to itself.<br /><br />this documentary could not be made today quite simply because most of those interviewed are dead.the list of significant players appearing gives an amazing insight into the thinking at the time . Anthony eden the foreign secretary , Carl donnitz , head of the u - boats , Albert speer , pet architect confident and later armament minister for Hitler.in one of the later episodes we see traudl junge , Hitler 's secretary , who was with him in the bunker and it was to her that he dictated his last will and testament - she left the bunker after Hitler 's suicide and escaped through the Russian lines.these and many others play a major role in the realism of the events portrayed.<br /><br />if i have any criticism of the series it is that the code - breakers of bletchly park are not included but the revelations of their part in the war only emerged after the series had been made so i can not blame the programme makers.<br /><br />the opening titles and music are magnificent , and Lawrence Olivier 's narration lends a natural gravity to the script.<br /><br />the best documentary series ever made ? without doubt.unmissable
1 War is hell . But this documentary of WWII is heaven.<br /><br />Not only is this series a breath - taking , almost - exhaustive look at the Second World War , it 's a poetic masterpiece told clearly and superbly by Laurence Olivier.<br /><br />This documentary series defines the genre . It 's sweepingly long , no doubt , but you will enjoy all of them and want to come back for more and more . ( I have the series on DVD and I probably watch the series three times a year).<br /><br />Truly , this is an impeccable bit of film - making . Other than Olivier , the best part of the series is listening to the veterans tell their stories ; whether it be about an actual battle or about finding a hog to butcher so they could have something delicious for supper.<br /><br />I'm going to go watch it right now ( again , my ... 11th time ) .
1 This is what we can do to each other . This is the sort that everbody should see at least once.<br /><br />It does not glorify world . It shows that it is the everyday person who is killed , mained and debased by war . The person on the " other side " eats sleeps , laughs and cry just as we do .
1 As so many others have written , this is a wonderful documentary . Here is a list of the ' chapters ' for anyone interested : 1 : A New Germany : 1933 - 1939 2 : Distant War , September 1939-May 1940 3 : France Falls , May - June 1940 4 : Alone , May 1940-May 1941 5 : Barbarossa , June - December 1941 6 : Banzai , Japan , 1931 - 1942 7 : On Our Way , USA , 1939 - 1942 8 : Desert North Africa , 1940 - 1943 9 : Stalingrad , June 1942-February 1943 10 : Wolfpack 11 : Red Star The Soviet Union , 1941 - 1943 12 : Whirlwind Bombing Germany , September 1939 13 : Tough Old Gut 14 : Its A Lovely Day , Tomorrow : Burma , 15 : Home Fires : Britain 1940 - 1941 16 : Inside The Reich : Germany , 1940 - 1944 17 : Morning : June - August 1944 18 : Occupation Holland , 1940 - 1944 19 : Pincers : August 1944- March 1945 20 : Genocide : 1941 - 1945 21 : Nemesis , Germany : February - May 1945 22 : Japan : 1941 - 1945 23 : Pacific : February 1942-July 1945 24 : The Bomb : February - September 1945 25 : Reckoning
1 The world at war is one of the best documentaries about world war 2 . < br /><br />The 24 episodes cover the war and what it was like in the countries involved in it . The first episode tells us how the Hitler came to power , and how he was able to build up one of the strongest armies in the world . They also fucus on the military actions taken during the war , and the holocaust . One of the strongest and best documentaries ever made . All of you must watch this . Perfection ! 10/10<br /><br / >
1 I remember watching this in the 1970s - then I have just recently borrowed a couple of episodes from our public library.<br /><br />With a nearly 30 year hiatus , I have come to another conclusion . Most of the principals interviewed in this series - some at the center of power like Traudl Junge ( Hitler 's Secretary),Karl Doenitz ( head of Germany 's navy ) Anthony Eden ( UK ) - are long gone but their first hand accounts will live on . From Generals and Admirals to Sergeants , Russian civilians , concentration camp survivors , all are on record here . < br /><br />I can remember the Lord Mountbatten interview ( killed in the 1970s ) < br /><br />This is truly a gem and I believe the producer of this series was knighted by Queen Elizabeth for this work - well deserved.<br /><br />Seeing these few episodes from the library makes me want to buy the set.<br /><br />This is the only " 10 " I have given any review but I have discovered like a fine bottle of wine , it is more appreciated with a little time ...
1 This excellent series , narrated by Laurence Olivier , brilliantly , it should be said , charts the beginning to the end of World War 2 . The origins are not entirely examined fully from Germany 's fall at the hands of the Versailles treaty which helped propel Hitler 's demonic rise , but as one reviewer says , that must be hard to do , in a 26-part series with so much to cram in . < br /><br />Apart from the expected combat photography / action , there are plenty of personal , emotional and human tragedies that are told giving the viewer an amazing insight , especially if you 're not necessarily a World War 2 buff / fan . Episodes showing ' testimonies ' and what life was like on the home front of the main allies / adversary , Britain , Germany , Japan , Russia and the U.S.A. were quite eye - opening . Showing the extreme savagery of the war on the frontline and of course the sufferings of civilians , the death camps etc . , were very well handled and exposed . I 'd fully recommend this in any history class for the younger generation ( Of which it could be said I am one at 47!).<br /><br />Certain things are quite strangely left out , like the advent of the new jet era beginning , with Frank Whittle 's experimental Gloster jet and the Gloster Meteor 's combat debut as well as that of the German Messerschmitt Me 262 - especially as the V-1 was seen making its debut and there was surprisingly smaller mention of the V2 . This is probably a small oversight , not referring to the more sensational secret and fantastic weapons which WW2 brought forward from a more barren old science . But a great series that made its mark and has done so ever since when thankfully repeated . < br /><br />A series to own as a box set in history terms , on DVD for anyone especially who happens to be a military fan . Jeremy Isaacs and Thames TV should be well proud .
1 I had just reached thirteen when I first saw this series and I am watching it again , on DVD , over thirty years later . The pictures over the opening credits have never left me . It has affected my view of the world and the peoples in it . My parents were with me long enough to have seen the series with me , and we always discussed the programme afterwards . It gave me a love for studying history and the highest marks I got in our school 's public exams!<br /><br />Sir Laurence Olivier 's voice and delivery is timeless and perfect . I get the feeling that the people who lived through it would feel that this is their version of the history of the Second World War . I can not imagine ever getting bored looking at it . Maybe an similar Cold War series could now be contemplated , although who could replace Sir Laurence is difficult to imagine.<br /><br />Buy it !
1 I saw this series when I was a kid and loved the detail it went into and never forgot it . I finally purchased the DVD collection and its just how I remembered . This is just how a doco should be , unbiased and factual . The film footage is unbelievable and the interviews are fantastic . The only other series that I have found equal to this is ' Die Deutschen Panzer'.<br /><br />I only wish Hollywood would sit down and watch this series , then they might make some great war movies.<br /><br />Note . Band of Brothers , Saving Private Ryan , Letters from Iwo Jima , Flags of Our Fathers and When Trumpets Fade are some I 'd recommend
1 This was by far the best war documentary ever made . From the very beginning of the first episode when Sir Laurence Olivier described the horrific events in Oradour - Sur - Glane ' The day the soldiers came ' . To the final days of the war when the mushroom clouds appeared over Japan , I never missed a second of this classic series and I remember it well even though it was screened way back in 1974 . Each and every aspect of this tragedy was covered in detail . This whole series should be compulsory viewing for as many of the world 's children as possible so that the tragedy of World War Two is not repeated and that bigotry , hatred , greed and intolerance are not confused with patriotism or religious zeal .
1 This is a fantastic series first and foremost . It is very well done and very interesting . As a huge WWII buff , I had learned a lot before seeing this series . One of the best things this has going for it is all the interviews with past individuals back when the war was relatively fresh in their minds , comparatively speaking that is . It is nothing against the men that you see getting interviewed in the programs of today , it is just that most of these men were n't really involved in the upper echelons of what was happening then . One of the best parts is the narrating by Sir Laurence Oliver . I would recommend this to anyone that wants to learn about WWII , but really think only the die - hards ( such as myself ) will want to buy this or watch it more than once . My only real complaint about this entire series is that some of the facts are n't quite as accurate as we now know . Especially with the information about Soviet Union is exaggerated or just plain inaccurate in places . That information is now different we now know because of the fall of the USSR . Overall a fascinating look at WWII and a must see for any serious WWII historian professional or personal alike .
1 Despite being told from a British perspective this is the best WW II documentary ever produced . Presented in digestible ( as digestible as war can be ) episodes as the grave voice of Laurence Olivier connects the multitudes of eye witnesses who were forced to live the events of that horrific time . Eagerly awaiting its appearance on DVD in the U.S. The Europeans had their opportunity with a release in DVD earlier this year .
1 ' Five Days ' is billed as something special , a crime drama that consists of a series of episodes , each set on one particular day of a police enquiry . But in fact , this element of the story turns out to be rather less significant than might at first be thought , as the fact that the action in each episode is confined to 24 hours is hardly noticeable , and very little distinguishes the program from countless other crime stories . In fact one almost ca n't help drawing comparisons to the last ' Prime Suspect ' , as one of the sub - plots focuses on a single , cynical female cop approaching retirement : and it 's not just the absence of Helen Mirren that makes the comparisons unfavourable . There 's a lot of earnest over - emoting , manipulative music and a set of characters seemingly contrived so that each one is in some sense sympathetic , in another suspicious . And it 's possible to guess the guilty party well before the end , not because of the internal dynamic of the story , but rather because of the construction of the drama as a whole : certain things must be true , to justify the way that the series focuses on certain characters at certain times . In spite of these failings , the series grew on me : by the end , I was quite gripped . But it 's a sad sign that the BBC , which once made the likes of ' The Singing Detective ' , boasted of this of " possibly the best drama of the year " : for there 's little true originality on offer here , and the claim reveals a lack of ambition that is dreadfully disappointing . ' Five Days ' is in fact not rubbish ; but it is formulaic , and one would hope that the very best the BBC had to offer would be something a little more innovative and fresh .
1 A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion . This is always a problem with long , complex dramas . Crime is essentially banal , so the pay off is always anti - climactic , whilst detailed exposition detracts from the human drama . The writer has used a number of clever devices to try and get round this , but has not been entirely successful . Answers to precisely what happened and why may have been supplied , but if so they are well buried . The viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.<br /><br />But in a sense this is unimportant . The drama was never about the crime , or even the investigation , it was about the impact of events on the lives of those involved ; the family , the investigators , the witnesses , the press . And as such it was gripping . The writing was a significant cut above the run of the mill for prime - time drama , and the performances uniformly good . In an ensemble piece it is invidious to focus on individuals , but Penelope Wilton deserves special mention for an extraordinary tour de force as the mother - wife - daughter , and Janet McTeer was in cracking form as a hard - bitten old cop.<br /><br />One of the most interesting aspects of the drama is the handling of race , as the elephant in the room that no - one is prepared to mention . Subtle , powerful stuff .
1 It 's only 2 episodes into a 5 part drama , but I can already state that this is one of the best things I 've ever seen . That 's on TV , silver screen or even in real life.<br /><br />As a writer , it 's so good it 's almost demoralising ! As a viewer it 's so entertaining that I 'm annoyed the episodes are over a fortnight instead of Monday to Friday . It 's clear that all these negatives are actually positives.<br /><br />I'm a modern guy who previously turned over from TV dramas . In comparison to movies , TV dramas always seemed to be dated , quite tame , and well , generally boring ! " Five Days " has really brought TV drama into the 21st Century , so for me at least , it 's mind changing . Go watch it .
1 I totally got drawn into this and could n't wait for each episode . The acting brought to life how emotional a missing person in the family must be , together with the effects it would have on those closest . The only problem we as a family had was how quickly it was all ' explained ' at the end . We could n't hear clearly what was said and have no idea what Gary 's part in the whole thing was ? Why did Kyle phone him and why did he go along with it ? Having invested in a series for five hours we felt cheated that only five minutes was kept back for the conclusion . I have asked around and none of my friends who watched it were any the wiser either . Very strange but maybe we missed something crucial ? ? ? ?
1 This is a very engrossing BBC - TV mini - series which is loosely based upon a mysterious disappearance of a young mother , but the series is really more of a study of the assorted characters in the story , which lasts for five hours . It is thus very much an ensemble piece , where the wide variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show off their talents . The actual characters portrayed are really ' the kind of people one does not normally meet ' , people so boring and nondescript that it is difficult to admire them . For instance , the lead character is a young husband ( the one whose wife disappears ) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding any . He lives off handouts from his parents - in - law . He was once in the Army but does not appear to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any interests in life apart from doting on his small family . He is played by David Oyelowo , who is brilliant at the part , coming across as a totally sympathetic person , although his only activities for five hours are loving and grieving , which he does superbly , so that one wants to comfort him , as he is so obviously a nice guy . The standout performance of the whole series is unquestionably Penelope Wilton , who acts circles round everyone else in the story . She is simply incredible . She portrays a very unsympathetic woman , indeed the only character in the story who is all too familiar to everyone , namely an irrational , hysterical , self - centred , dense , querulous , blindly loving and blindly hating , elderly idiot - woman . Alas , alas , we know them too well . Wilton is one of Britain 's finest actresses ( see my review of her in ' Half Broken Things ' ) . She takes a character who could have been two - dimensional and makes her four - dimensional . She is wonderfully supported by old pro Patrick Malahide , who plays her exasperated husband , and the pair of them set a high standard indeed for all the younger players . Janet McTeer , a spectacular actress when younger , has become a much less sympathetic type of person now that she is older , has coarsened in some way , and puts one off , but she redeems herself in the latter stages of the story by showing how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance by pulling off one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I have ever seen on film . The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah , played with great depth and originality by actress Sarah Smart . She takes a character who could have been insufferably tedious and by sheer acting magic turns her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person , about whom we wonder tirelessly for the entire five hours . She is so good at it that we end up wondering about Sarah Smart , frankly . I guess that 's what happens when you really do your job properly , that people wonder where the character ends and the actress begins , if she knows herself , that is , and many do not . She has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes , which wobble and let us know she is unhinged , but we are not sure how or why , though we eventually learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood . Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary . Rory Kinnear is amazingly convincing as an apparently hopeless fellow who lives with his mum and is n't up to much , but who turns out to have hidden depths . ( I suppose most people have hidden depths , but do we want to plumb them , that is the question . ) His mum is played very well indeed by Margot Leicester . A superb performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek , who plays a snotty , revolting teenage girl of the sort we all dread to meet , but who at crucial moments collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic , with all her arrogance just a pose . Three other children are also very good , Lucinda 's friend , and her younger half - brother and half - sister . The younger siblings may be very dim indeed as characters in the story ( they seem unable to say anything particularly articulate , being hopeless witnesses to the disappearance ) , with little to recommend them but their sweet natures , but that is conveyed to wonderful effect by Lee Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl . Harriet Walter has a small role , but we do not get to see much of her , which is a shame , as she is such a fine actress that she was wasted here . One could go on , but one must draw a line somewhere . The series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of portrayal of all these essentially uninteresting people caught up in a web of intense anxiety and suspense .
1 One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade . Throughout the five hours , ones perceptions and sympathies are constantly challenged as it explores many facets of modern day British society . David Morrisey is , as usual , brilliant . At first coming across as a heavy handed copper in conflict with the heroine , but then proving to be intelligent and caring , as he works with her in uncovering the truth . I have never seen Surrane Jones before . I believe she comes from the world of television soaps . Her performance was magnificent , as she maintains her humour and composure whilst trying to balance the demands of the case and the stress of caring for her mother . I could go on and talk about every member of the cast who contributes to this magnificent drama , but their efforts would mean little without such an absorbing script that constantly challenges your assumptions about any of the characters . It is programmes like this that restore one 's faith in television drama , whilst at the same time making it almost impossible to settle for most of the garbage that is increasingly filling the airwaves .
1 An OUR GANG Comedy Short.<br /><br />The Gang coerces Spanky into watching their younger siblings . Caring for these FORGOTTEN BABIES turns out to be quite a chore , leaving the little nipper with no choice but to come up with some ingenious solutions to the baby - sitting problem ... <br /><br />Spanky is in his glory in this hilarious little film , arguably his best . Highlight : Spanky 's retelling the plot of the TARZAN movie he 's recently seen to the audience of infants . Movie mavens will recognize Billy Gilbert 's voice in the radio drama .
1 This is one of the all - time great " Our Gang " shorts . Spanky is at his very cutest and funniest , and the babies that he get 's left to babysit are also hilarious . Tiny Spanky is coerced by the gang into watching all their little siblings . The opening shot of them all in baby carriages , being entertained by various things hung by the gang from fishing poles is a beautiful gag.<br /><br />Spanky 's appearance wearing his huge toy knife when asked to babysit by the older fellows is priceless , as is his response --"Hey , where do you get that stuff -- I do n't take care of no babies ! " The tiny fellow saying " remarkable " throughout the film , all the beautiful sight gags , and Spanky telling the babies " all about Tarzan " add up to make this one of the best " Our Gang " 's you 'll ever see .
1 This is a really great short from Hal Roach . This is because of two main reasons : The littlest kids in the short are among the cutest to have ever been on film and the plot has so many funny and well - written elements.<br /><br />As for the littlest of the Little Rascals , I honestly ca n't think of a cuter kid than Spanky at about age four . Despite being a rather chubby and unattractive kid in later years , he was just precious here . And , placing the little tiny boy in charge of babysitting the even younger kids was not only funny , but once again high on the cute factor.<br /><br />After the older kids blackmail Spanky into doing this awful babysitting job , all kinds of funny mayhem breaks loose . The gags are pretty effective and well - done for the time -- with an accidental crank call involving a murder and a final scene where Spanky FINALLY gets control of the little ones being the most memorable . I have n't seen these shorts in many decades and I am glad I gave this one a chance .
1 This is a pretty OK film ... yes some parts are lame and exceptionally convenient , and the movie does n't really justify the large star cast ( AB , SD , Tanuja ) . However , the actor that really impressed me here was Kay Kay Menon ( not to be confused with the singer KK ) . In the scene where he first meets Amitabh 's character , I thought that a man who can just look at AB , keep staring and not say a word , and still look strong , is definitely a good actor . In fact , he has proved himself worthy again in Sarkar , alongside AB for a second time . This guy should get more roles , he 's brilliant.<br /><br />If you 've read any of the other reviews here on IMDb , you already know the plot , and I do agree that Akshaye Khanna 's entry into Pakistan was a little too easy . And the little love angle he shared with " what's - her - face " was completely unnecessary . But he is a fairly good actor ( as seen in DCH ) , Sunjay Dutt is cool to watch , always . and AB ... what can I say . I do n't know if I 'm his biggest fan in the world , but I know I can definitely compete for the spot.<br /><br />An interesting watch , considering it 's Bollywood , although a bit inspired by Hollywood oldies like " the Great Escape " and " Bridge on the River Kwai " .
1 Two movies back to back which dealt with Indian POWs ; Veer Zaara and Deewaar . Although Veer Zara was a love story of a guy who gives everything up for someone , Deewaar focuses on the main subject itself . It is not hidden that many Indian POWs are rotting in Pakistani Jails for years - for whom neither Indian Govt . has time or sympathy nor the other side . I 'm sure some of Pakistani POWs are in India as well , but let 's focus on the movie . Full of actors . Some were stage actors like Raghubir Yadav , Rajendra Gupta , etc . Amitabh Bachchan who plays the role of a Major , acted well . Akshaye Khanna did his part well . There was nothing for Amrita Rao to do than a few giggles and couple songs . I think Sanjay Dutt 's role was most solid even though it was n't too long . He acted really well here and his dialog delivery was also impressive . If you compare it to LOC , which was nothing but a day long movie with story going in all directions ( if it HAD a story ) - Deewaar is a well directed movie that keeps a good pace and does justice to all actors . 7.5/10
1 I really loved this movie and so did the audience that I saw it with in Los Angeles . After the film , lots of people were crying and saying how much the film had affected them . I can see why it was such a huge hit in its homeland , Sweden . The film is masterfully directed and each character brilliantly drawn so that by the end you really know these people and care about them . The music is very natural and the main song in the film quite heartbreaking but inspiring . Would definitely recommend this film for everyone to see - even people who do n't normally go to subtitled films . Definitely deserved the Oscar Nomination because of the profound themes of the film reflected without pretension in a small - town community with everyday people . It is a film that unites us in this divided world and shows us the potential of the human spirit . A MUST SEE !
1 This film , recently voted as an audience favorite at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival , is inspiring and moving . A famous conductor , forced to retire by illness , returns to the small village of his birth to become the leader of the church choir , and finally find fulfillment in his music . Drawing on Sweedish traits of keeping things within oneself and of the insular character of a small Swedish village , this film develops each of its characters well . superbly directed , acted and sung , it brought tears to many eyes , and smiles to all . Hopefully it will find distribution in the United States.<br /><br />If you can , see it !
1 Wow I loved this movie ! It is about normal life in a small village . About hypocrisy and honesty , love and surrender . Great ! It is about things everybody encounters in life . You have to do things with passion . But some people will not appreciate your passion and will try to stop you . There are people who find the opinion of others and ' what will the neighbors think ' more important than to follow their heart . Do n't let anybody 's opinion stop you from fulfilling your dreams and passion . I loved the fact that the actors were all really normal people , it could have been my family . No big beauties , but all people you fall in love with during the movie .
1 This is one of those movies that you keep thinking about when you wake up the next morning . It will give you that warm , fuzzy feeling and leave you with a smile on your face.<br /><br />Sure , we get fed the typical stereotype characters and stories , but it does do the trick : Entertain.<br /><br />Being from Sweden and living in the US for quite sometime , it is funny how we react . " The deadbeat husband is going to kill him " , " She ( Gabriella ) is going to die and then there will be a heartbreaking larger - than - life ending " . We know how these things work , everything comes together at the end . And it did . The characters were somewhat simple , they were so elaborate that you did n't really think twice about it , nothing was really left for your own imagination . The closest would probably be Siv , she makes you ask yourself if she indeed was in love with Daniel , but that 's about it.<br /><br />But the movie is beautiful , set in rural Norrland , the music is absolutely amazing and the characters are lovable . Michael Nyqvist is truly genius , with his crazy unique look and Frida Hallberg is charming and approachable . Maybe a little too nice.<br /><br />But most of all this movie makes you feel , and that is the most important thing . You cry , you laugh , you hate and you identify . I do n't know about you guys , but that does not happen that often .
1 I am not going to spoil the contents to anyone , who has not yet watched this humble masterpiece by Kay Pollak.<br /><br />A world famous conductor brilliantly played by Michael Nyqvist seeks peace from stress by moving back to his childhood village . The villagers , who has followed the genius in silence , are slowly tempting him to share of his greatness.<br /><br />Each role in this movie , has a very specific purpose and shows a remarkable potential in each of the actors playing their own chord in short but precise words , a symphony of love.<br /><br />Not love in the sense of relationship , but in the tone of the spirit deeply buried within each of the characters , each revealing their own present story , their needs , their skeletons , desires and much more.<br /><br />I shall not forget to mention , the two main parts played by Frida Hallgren and Michael Nyqvist , whose dramas are played in unforgettable harmonies of emotional feedback . They touch each other with a pain connected in their own disability to love themselves.<br /><br />Michael Nyqvist is really put to the test here in a very difficult setup , in one of those movies that either end up as catastrophic or fantastic . And fantastic it became from start to end , not one second less or more than enough , you are left with a feeling of change and a taste for more.<br /><br />To this day , definitely one of the best movies I have had the pleasure of watching .
1 First I was caught totally off guard by the film 's initial lyricism and then I became totally enchanted with the unfolding story and engrossed with the brilliant directing . The characters were all fully developed , not bigger - than - life but just like the people we live among anywhere we are in the world , in Sweden , in Turkey or in America , all completely believable human beings with foibles and nobility . Hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film . It shows that there is no need to go into every little detail behind every action to bring out the whole theme clear and bright , and that shows the brilliance of the director ! Hearfelt thanks to Kay Pollak and the wonderful cast for this superb treat ! !
1 If the screenwriter and director intended to open hearts with the movie as the musician wanted to do with his music , they succeeded with me . Commonplace human situations became original , personal and immediate so that I personally felt touched by each situation . I believe I would credit the power of music combined with the point of view of the person writing the movie . Without spoiling , I can say that I was very moved by the movie 's approach to living . Have n't actually cried out of - what- joy ? empathy ? just deep emotion ? in a very long time . I would love to find a way to show it to others . Saw it at Seattle International Film Festival .
1 Back to the roots with " like it is in heaven " - what are the real values of life ? These Swedes carve out a message that appeals to every heart . We 've seen it twice now in a cinema packed to the last seat : love pure and joy within the music of a choir that 's simple , yet full of power once everyone finds his or her inner tone . < br /><br />From the glitter of fame to the school of of his youth , now empty and ready to be adapted as his new home after collapsing on stage , Daniel wants to start listening and is drawn into the lives of the simple , warm and rough people of the North.<br /><br />He wins the hearts with music and gains the capacity to love and be loved unconditionally.<br /><br />Don't go see it if you 've been normed to Hollywood . This stuff contains no extras , just your laughter , your compassion , your tears !
1 A beautiful film , touching profoundly up the simple , yet divine aspects of humanity . < br /><br />This movie was almost perfect , and seeing as nothing in this world can be truly perfect , that is pretty good . The only minor thing I subjectively object to , is the pacing at some points in the middle of the story . The acting is also very good , and all the actors easily top actors in high - profile films . The actual directing seems to have been well thought through , and the script must have been amazing . There are some truly breathtaking moments of foreshadowing , and a quite gorgeous continuing circular composition of the story.<br /><br />The moment in the movie , when the main character achieves that feeling of being in heaven is the perfect ending to a truly brilliant yarn .
1 Kay Pollak 's 2004 heart - warmer Så som i himmelen/ As it is in Heaven contains every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhumanity yet manages to be a crowd - pleaser . It contains plenty of ammunition for cynical critics , continuity error - spotters and for saccharine - debunkers , yet manages to depict the colours of life in a small community evocatively . The film also runs the gamut of proverbial messages about ' finding one 's own voice ' and ' just doing it despite one 's fear ' , without completely removing the lump from the throats of the cynics.<br /><br />Its success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts . Firstly , small films about strangers bringing new life to rural Christian communities provide plenty of scope for the exposure of hypocrisy while at the same time allowing repressed characters to break out of their hairshirts . The same year and with a similarly Swedish breeze , The Queen of Sheba 's Pearls did it , and Babette 's Feast also comes to mind . Secondly , any film about small communities taking on the whole wide world will strike a human chord in our increasingly individual / self- focused and impersonalized world . This film 's structural similarity with the likes of The Full Monty , Brassed Off , Calendar Girls and On a Clear Day shows its indebtedness to the formula . But it is a formula with life left in it yet , and this seems to be because people need positive- message films that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves.<br /><br />The stranger is burned - out maestro Daniel Daréus on a quest for self - rediscovery . The town he visits , or rather revisits , is , unbeknownst to the townsfolk , the place of his childhood . He was bullied mercilessly by classmates here , supposedly because he was a sensitive musician without aspiration to drive a truck . Here , he takes the job of cantor / choirmaster , despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders . The place is , of course , populated by a wide range of recognizable types whose character arcs can be predicted : the broken - hearted , fair - haired girl so beautiful she nearly glows ; the cellphone - ringing local businessman ; the woman whose beauty is lost amidst domestic abuse ; the steely pastor and his less austere wife , who at first seem right out of Ingmar Bergman . Also present : jealous , uptight spinster ( Siv ) ( check ) ; geriatric whose soul still sings ( check ) ; elderly couple who may have repressed desires for each other since kindergarten ( check ) ; obese person whose function is to point out we should not laugh and say ' fatty ' ( check ) ; intellectually handicapped boy who proves able to sing a good ' A ' ( check).<br /><br />Pollak 's film is not all warm fuzzies , however . It diverts from the ' let 's put on a show despite setbacks and moral opposition ' sub - genre . It contains violence and an ending that might well be a metaphor for dying after achieving creative nirvana . The violence of the film is mostly a function of male anger and repression , but in never delves deeply into why the school bully who grows up into a wife beater is like this . Similarly , the small town Pastor so closely adheres to the moralistic , black - wearing super - Protestant stereotype , that his secret indulgence in girlie magazines is hardly surprising . His repressions and hypocrisies are just there , dangling unrelated to psychological reality . Perhaps the unexplained photograph of a young boy , a lost son perhaps , glimpsed once over his shoulder , holds the secret.<br /><br />Perhaps these holes are functions of the editing , like several inconsistencies and continuity glitches that can be spotted , such as Siv 's unexplained reappearance in the choir ( twice ) after moralistic outbursts . In fact none of the hitches in the film last very long and all seem resolved within a scene . Apart from in some awkward love scenes , the film 's 127 minutes seldom drag , but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the cutting room floor.<br /><br />The film remains solid three - star - fare despite the holes that can be picked in it . This is simply because in a world of technology - focused flicks and materialistic self - seeking , any glimpse of human community is , deep down , welcome for anyone , even the cynical .
1 My expectations were quite high for this film . Everyone I know who saw this film at the cinema told me that everyone there stayed through the credits because they were so touched . My expectations could not have been any higher , anything short of wonderful would have disappointed me.<br /><br />I was anything but disappointed by this movie . I loved how it dealt with difficult subjects without going through the usual steps a Hollywood film tends to include . In this film characters worked through problems they had had for decades , they worked through prejudicm , they learned to open up . But it did not come easily , and not just by singing a song or two . It was painful , it took arguments , it took confrontations . It felt like real life.<br /><br />One scene that really stuck out to me was the scene in which Gabriella sings her song . Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers , her voice is lovely , and you could tell that she was not just lip - syncing to a previous recording during filming ( which I often find in other movies ) , she really sang with her whole body and soul . You could feel what Gabriella was feeling in that scene . Had this movie been made in Hollywood her song would most likely have been sung toward the end , and it would have made her husband open his eyes and see the error of his ways , as well as making the other people in the village realise a thing or two . Instead it came halfway through , and it did not bring any solutions . Her husband did not become overwhelmed and realise what he 's putting her through , and it did n't seem to make anyone else in the village more open minded . It was beautiful , it was pure and it was touching but it did not magically solve all her problems . That felt real to me , that 's probably what would have happened in real life . The whole movie felt like real life to me , nothing neatly wrapped up but everything with a sense of joy and happiness . You rarely find a movie which feels so realistic.<br /><br />There were a few things that bothered me , but hey , no movie is perfect . If you have n't already you should go see " As it is in Heaven " and be filled with a joy for life , a sense of hope and the feeling that you 've been touched on a level movies rarely reach . You will be sad , pained , happy and a dozen other emotions.<br /><br />Someone once said that if every person in the world sang in a choir there would be no more wars . Having seen this film I might have to agree .
1 I was drawn to this movie the moment I saw a preview of it on Oscar night . When I read about Kay Pollak , I was hooked . We Americans are suckers for a comeback kid.<br /><br />I understand this movie was a huge draw in Sweden . As a very provincial American I can only speculate on the reason . Perhaps it is because of the provocative joke that the Lena character makes at the beginning of the movie and other social comment but perhaps it is because of the central message which I believe has the same appeal everywhere in affluent societies.<br /><br />The message of this movie for me is the same as the movie Titanic . Life is short people and as far as anyone really knows it 's all we 've got . It can be taken away at any time . So is n't it a pity that we spend so much time hiding behind walls separating us from other people because we 're so afraid of being hurt ? Tearing down the walls is painful but feeling alive lies on the other side of those wretched walls . Feeling alive is worth taking the risk . Give and you will receive . So start living NOW.<br /><br />Many people are criticizing this movie for it 's lack of characterization and other flaws . I say you are all pseudo - sophisticated . Get a grip folks , it 's a parable , a fable for we affluent westerners who are materially rich but whose souls are in abject poverty.<br /><br />So join a choir or a band or help build housing or distribute food for those less fortunate than you . Spread some joy and make the world a better place as long as you get out and commune with your fellow man . Writing a check is not enough . We are a social species by the way . Even the humblest of your fellow human beings can affect you in ways you never thought possible.<br /><br />Rugged individualism has its place but it is over - rated .
1 I saw this film back at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and of the 14 films I saw there I would rank this as my # 3 film . I had an initial interest in seeing this being of Swedish descent myself with many of my ancestors coming from the Norrland region of Sweden where this was filmed . Also I grew up in an area of rural north woods America where many small towns were much like the setting of this film . It 's nice to see more films using rural locations as their settings like Så som i himmelen . This was a very good film and I 'm sure a very hard film to pull together with it 's large ensemble cast but Director Kay Pollock really pulled this off after a nearly two decade absence from directing . Helen Sjoholm in her motion picture debut as an actress was fantastic and I would look forward to more of her on the big screen . I enjoyed Michael Nyqvist in the lead of this well - rounded cast . I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.0 on a scale of 10 .
1 The arrival of an world famous conductor sets of unexpected events and feelings in the small village . Some people are threatened by the way he handles the church choir , and how people in it gradually change . This movie is heartwarming and makes you leave the cinema with both a smile on your lips and tears in your eyes . It'a about bringing out the best in people and Kay Pollak has written an excellent script based on the ideas he has become so famous for . The actors are outstanding , Michael Nyqvist we know before but Frida Hallgren was an new , and charming acquaintances to me . She has a most vivid face that leaves no one untouched . Per Moberg does his part as Gabriella 's husband almost too well , he is awful too see . One only wish the at he would be casted to play a nice guy one day so we can see if he masters that character as well.<br /><br />This is a movie that will not leave you untouched . If you have n't already seen it , do it today !
1 The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus ( Michael Nyqvist ) has a heart attack with his stressed busy professional life and interrupts his successful career with an early retirement . He decides to return to his hometown in the north of Sweden , from where his mother left when he was a seven year - old sensitive boy bullied by Conny and other school mates , to live a low - paced life . He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by the local Shepherd Stig ( Niklas Falk ) , but the reluctant and shy Daniel refuses in the principle . However , he gets involved with the community and feels attracted by Lena ( Frida Hallgren ) , a local woman with a past with the local doctor . His music opens the hearts of the members of the choir , affecting their daily life : the slow Tore ( André Sjöberg ) has the chance to participate in the choir ; Inger ( Ingela Olsson ) , the wife of Stig , releases her repressed sexuality ; Gabriella ( Helen Sjöholm ) takes an attitude against her abusive and violent husband ; the gossiper and frustrated Siv ( Ilva Lööf ) opens her heart against Lena ; the fat Holmfrid ( Mikael Rahm ) cries enough against the jokes of the businessman Arne ( Lennart Jähkel ) ; even Daniel starts loving people and Lena as the love of his life . When they are invited to participate in an important contest in Vienna , Daniel finds his music opening the heart of people making his dream come true.<br /><br />"Så Som I Himmelen " is a touching and sensitive movie , with a very beautiful story . It is impressive how director Kay Pollak and the screenplay writers have been able to develop a great number of characters in 132 minutes running time . The performances are top - notch , supported by magnificent music score and at least two awesome moments : when Gabrielle sings her song in the concert , and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the audience , jury and everybody participating in the melody , and Daniel making his dream come true . Like in " Teorema " , the stranger changes the lives , not of only a family , but of a conservative community . Further , like many European movies , the open conclusion indicates that Daniel actually died , at least in my interpretation , reaching peace with the success of his music . My eyes became wet in these two scenes . My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " A Vida no Paraíso " ( " The Life In the Paradise " )
1 Firstly , I really enjoyed this movie and its message , which is about daring to live life to the fullest . Very poetic , with heartwarming and funny and sad scenes , very lively , it was a pleasure to watch . Here are my " exceptions " though : The movie was way too long and at some point , it kept adding more and more additional conflicts so that it started to lose the main story line . I disagree though with another comment that its unrealistic to have so many people with " strange " problems in such a small village . I think this was absolutely realistic ! There are incredible dramas going on everywhere , we just do n't know this about people we meet only superficially . I disliked the ending , which was so loaded with symbolism and extremely forced . It left a bad taste as it was just too much . I did not like it that so many big issues were dramatically mentioned in the group ( when some accused others in front of everyone else of major things , people would just be more " ashamed " to voice everything so personal in front of everybody , even if those people are a group one is closely working with ) . And : defending oneself is a human - beings strongest instinct . So why on earth would Daniel let himself be beaten and never fight back , not even to defend himself ? I mean he was not weak , he could at least try to defend himself when attacked but it just drove me mad to see him do nothing . It was as if the storyteller tried to forcefully bring across a message like " violence is not needed " , but the way he chose to do this was not good . I am also against violence but the character loses credibility when he stays unmoved despite all the attacks . And : Gabriella ... why on earth would a woman , who has spent years with a man beating her up , go to that man when he gets arrested and say " I do not wish you any harm . You have just done your best , like all of us " . Oh really , this spoiled so much ! Was she going to be a saint or what ? It would be normal for her to be bitter but not so almost " holy " and therefore not human . Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget all of the s**t that happened to her ? Oh , please . So , these were the spoiling moments . Nevertheless , I still think this is a delightful movie all in all , which is amazing enough , given my discomfort with quite a few things . Watch it ! ! ;-) "
1 This is absolutely one of the best movies I 've ever seen . It takes me on a a roller - coaster of emotions . I laugh and cry and get disgusted and happy and in love ! All this in a little over two hours of time ! < br /><br />The actors are all brilliant ! I have to mention the leading actor of course , Michael Nyquist . He does a remarkable job ! ! I also admire the actor who plays Tore , who plays this mentally - challenged young man in such a convincing way ! He sort of reminded me of Leonardo di Caprios roll in Gilbert Grape ! And then there is the most beautiful song in the world : Gabriella 's sång.<br /><br />I recommend this for everyone to see and enjoy !
1 I was taken to this film by a friend and was sceptical about a Swedish film with subtitles . However , I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of this beautiful film . The unnecessary cruelty that man is capable of was portrayed confidently without overwhelming images - although animal lovers may have to shield their eyes for a brief couple of seconds somewhere during the first 10 minutes . A traditional story of humility versus brutality and hope versus tragedy was illustrated from a satisfyingly fresh angle using a spectrum of characters with very natural flaws and features . I particularly liked how the film managed to address multiple aspects of hypocritical human behaviour that concern bias , discrimination and sanctimonious pretence . An absolute gem of a film that I will promote to all who will listen .
1 Kay Pollack ( the man behind this movie ) is a real great man who tries to share his life philosophy in different ways . He has written a bunch of good and well written books about how to control your senses and keep your soul happy . The message in most of his books and this movie , is about that your thoughts in fact is what causes your problems and that the reason of your anger hardly ever is caused of what you think of . The main message is that you can choose to be happy , but hardly ever do that.<br /><br />To watch this movie and learn something very important on life , you have to keep your mind very open and L I S T E N to all the " hidden messages " ( or guidelines to get through life ) which most of the parts in this movie contains if you listen and watch . Watch it with your ears.<br /><br />You wo n't learn the meaning of life , but you 'll learn how to live and get the most out of it ... <br /><br />So , while watching , please keep in mind:<br /><br />"The mind is like a parachute , it does n't work unless it 's open ! "
1 A famous orchestra conductor , Daniel Dareus , suffers what appears a heart attack as he finished conducting a concert . Suddenly , we watch him as he arrives in the small town that he has left years before . Since he left so young , and having his name changed contributes to give him a new persona . He has bought the old school building where he plans to stay . The building needs a lot of work . One would expect a man in his position to have all the comforts of the world he left behind to be installed in his new abode , but no , Daniel puts up with the harsh winter in his own way.<br /><br />The local pastor , Stig , whose church has a small choir , comes calling to see if he can interest Daniel in helping , but the conductor has no desire to go back to music . Daniel begins to explore his new universe . The town 's people leave him alone . He makes an impression on Lena , who works in the local store where he goes to get his food supplies . Little by little , he comes around and decides to involve himself with the choir . Lena will ultimately fall in love with Daniel.<br /><br />At first , the relationship between Daniel and the choir members is not exactly what he expected . As they get to know him better , they come around to accept him and make him one of them . His new position does n't endear him to the woman who used to be in charge . The members of the choir are a motley crew , but they realize the change Daniel has made in the way they interpret different songs . The new piece composed for Gabriella , a battered wife , makes a great impact in her life and that of her fellow singers.<br /><br />Daniel 's ideas for the repertoire clash with Stig 's own . The vicar suddenly begins seeing Daniel in a new light ; he is a tormented man who likes to read pornographic magazines before making love to his wife , Siv . His ideas clash with the dogma , as Siv points to him . Stig decides to try to put a stop to what he considers an unhealthy influence of Daniel by firing him as the head of the choir.<br /><br />The choir , which has been invited to participate in a competition travels to Austria . Daniel , who by now has fallen totally for Lena , has a chance to show for the first time in his life his feelings for her when she starts to gets doubts about their relationship . Daniel who is late for his own concert , gets to hear them making extraordinary music even though he is not in among them.<br /><br />Kay Pollak , the director of this enormously appealing film , shows he was the man to direct it . The story involves the viewer from the start . Great part of the success of the movie goes to the ensemble cast that was put together . William Nykvist , who plays the leading role is the best excuse for watching the film . Frida Hallgren , Niklas Falk , Ylva Loof , do excellent work for Mr. Pollak.<br /><br />Stefan Nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears . Harald Gunnar Paalgard 's cinematography makes the film look better capturing different seasons for the viewer in their beauty .
1 " Så som in himmelen " was probably one of the 3 most beautiful films I have seen in my life . That it did not win the Oscar , I will not shed a tear . This movie is in a kind of class of its own , that an Oscar win would possibly have detracted from it ! ! ! My dearest friend Anders ( Nyberg ) , you have done true magnificence with your pen here ! Kay Pollak , with your creation , and everyone contributing , you all have given a gift of Love to our world . Between the points of entering this world of ours , then exiting it - you really can say that you made it better ! A special personal thank you from my soul to all of you , that you brought back some precious memories from the second decade of my life . I grew up in Sweden , and my young mind and present Beingness was formed and shaped by many beautiful Swedish influences , individuals , traditions , music and nature . My blessings with gratitude to you all . With Love and Light , George - Gabriel Berkovits Soulhealer , Johannesburg , South Africa
1 Beyond the excellent direction , production , acting & the predictable drama lies an essential message in the script:<br /><br />"Listening leads all the way " In order for the voice to flourish , listen . To harmonise with other in voice , listen . In order to approach yourself , listen . To discover the needs of any situation or others , listen . It appears that the script writers are conveying a " life 's secret".Listening leads to an awareness of one 's Self . It awakens the other senses , especially vision & expands the horizon . One 's soul too can be discovered . The artistry of this movie " As it is in Heaven " magnificently displayed the unfolding of life , not only its joy & sadness , but ultimately the hope of life . All this by the leading character 's first instruction to the choir;<br /><br />"Just Listen , it leads all the way "
1 The line , of course , is from the Lord 's Prayer - " Thy Will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven " . Sweden , especially its far north , is not my idea of heaven -30 degree C winter temperatures are a little on the low side for me , but the good folk who live there no doubt think they are in God 's own country.<br /><br />The storyline here is a familiar one . Acclaimed international musician Daniel suffers health breakdown in mid - career , goes back to the little village in northern Sweden where he was born . Persuaded by the local pastor to help out with the church choir , he turns some unlikely talent into a class act , and they enter a contest held in Innsbruck Austria . There are echoes ( sorry ) of the band players of " Brassed Off " the models of " Calendar Girls " and the dancers of " the Full Monty " . But of course he causes plenty of emotional upheaval as some of the more downtrodden villagers realise their worth and revolt against their oppressors . He faces hostile husbands and an increasingly dubious pastor , but nothing except death is going to stop him.<br /><br />Despite the somewhat corny story , we get to know and like many of the characters , who come across as people rather than caricatures despite many of them being recognisable " types ' . I did wonder about the wife - beater being unpunished for so long – Sweden is one country in the world where such violence is pretty strongly discouraged ( he was also a bit young to be one of the bullies of Daniel 's youth ) and the puritanical pastor with a secret passion for girlie magazines was a bit of a stereotype , but marvellously realised by Niklas Falk.<br /><br />Michael Nyqvist is simply wonderful as Daniel , the frail but driven musician , and there 's some nice music as well . I was rapt for the whole two hours . The ending is what you make of it , I guess , but it 's not spoiling it to say Daniel achieves what he set out to do .
1 Yesterday I watched this movie for the third time . It was recommended to me by a fried several weeks ago . I never watched or even noticed it before , because it falls ( so typically ) in the category " Swedish Movie " and those who rose up ( like me ) with Hollywood productions tend to be sceptical of any foreign movies . Hell what a paradigm shift ! The film touches me , because it just keeps up my hope , that mankind can change to a better way . The Swedish village is just a pattern for all areas on earth where people live together - controlled by religion , misunderstandings , lack of courage , predictions , disguised brutality , but also the ability to have fun , to meet , to sing ... It takes a trigger from outside to rip off the masks of everyone ( who keeps one ) and to let them feel that we all are just human beings with the desire to live our own lives . I can never stop to see stories like this , because , that keeps up my hope as described above . The five minutes containing the story of Gabriella 's song including her performance is one of my movie - highlights ever ! Thank you Kay Pollak just for these 5 minutes , which made me happy !
1 It is a superb Swedish film .. it was the first Swedish film I 've seen .. it is simple & deep .. what a great combination!.<br /><br />Michael Nyqvist did a great performance as a famous conductor who seeks peace in his hometown.<br /><br />Frida Hallgren was great as his inspirational girlfriend to help him to carry on & never give up.<br /><br />The fight between the conductor and the hypocrite priest who loses his battle with Michael when his wife confronts him And defends Michael 's noble cause to help his hometown people finding their own peace in music.<br /><br />The only thing that I did n't like was the ending .. it was n't that good but it has some deep meaning .
1 As it is in Heaven { SPOILER WARNING)<br /><br />This was a great human drama that stimulated my emotions and my imagination . < br /><br />This is a parable revisiting the life and death of Christ . Daniel is a superior gifted musician , who is physically and mentally exhausted by his career , and has to give it up . When he joins a church choir as its cantor , he brings about a transformation in the lives of the choristers , just as Jesus did to the society in first century Palestine . They laugh , they begin to speak openly and truthfully to each other , their faults are exposed , they accept each other , come to love each other , become a vital community . They include the mentally disabled young man ( ? Tore ) , such is their inclusiveness.<br /><br />The pastor , Stig enjoyed authority through imposing a stifling morality on the congregation , and that is gradually rejected by the choristers . When Stig dismisses Daniel , there is a revolt , and Stig is crushed . Stig represents the Jewish authorities of Jesus ' day , whose insistence on obedience to the Jewish law , provided a stark contrast to the new life by " the golden rule " brought by Jesus.<br /><br />In one dramatic scene , someone declares " the church invented sin " . All through the film , there is this contrast between moral - ism and vital living ( being).<br /><br />True to the Christ story , Daniel is killed by Conny , when he beats him up , leaves him to drown in the river . Next scene , we can hardly believe it when Daniel 's ( resurrected ! ) body is dragged into his room ( the tomb ) draped in a white linen sheet ( the shroud ! ) , by three women ( three women kept vigil at the foot of the cross in the gospel).<br /><br />Daniel is drawn closely to Lena , a warm beautiful young woman who has been betrayed by a man she loved , and who is now promiscuous ( Jesus developed a close relationship with Mary Magdalene- Lena- who was probably a high class courtesan / prostitute ) . Through Lena , Daniel learns to love , something he has longed for , and now finds fulfillment .<br /><br />The solo sung by Gabriella , composed by Daniel , is all about living a full life , in contrast to moral correctness that leads to concern about sin , and what 's right and wrong . < br /><br />The final scene shows the choir all singing / humming in harmony , like a mantra , drawing in the large audience , exemplifying the harmony and inter - connectedness that is our true human destiny .
1 I never seem to write a review on IMDb unless I am extremely surprised at how good , or how bad , a movie is . This film falls into the first category . Every year , I try to see all the nominees for Best Foreign Film at the Oscars , even those that I know I wo n't like . " As It Is In Heaven " seems to fit the bill . The plot sounds sugary and sentimental and slow .... For my tastes , which run more towards original , dark and/or daring foreign cinema ( Michael Haneke , Francois Ozon , A lot of modern Japanese / Korean cinema ) " As It Is In Heaven " does not sound particularly interesting .... It did n't get released in the USA , so I sat down to watch a VCD I found in Singapore , preparing to " cross it off the list " . After a dull beginning , " As It Is In Heaven " becomes that rare film where you really become inspired by what is happening on screen . Weak points : The characters in the film are pure " stock " characters- the Wounded Dreamer , the Town Bully , the Battered Wife , the Loose Woman Yearning for Love , the Repressed Minister .... Thankfully , they 're largely a likable bunch , as well as being well - written and well - acted . Ingela Olsson , as the minister 's wife Inger , would have been nominated for an Oscar had her performance been in English . Strong points : the music is beautiful , and the main song , sung by Gabriella , is truly dramatic and memorable . And keep an eye out for the feisty 87-year old actress playing Olga , who is keeping up with the dancing steps as well as the younger ladies ! I wo n't discuss the ending , but I will say that it makes sense . They 're are a lot of emotional things happening in the last hour of the film , and you 're not quite sure why they 're happening . Although nothing is explained in words , it all makes sense as the movies comes to a fitting crescendo . * * * * out of * * * * * . Probably the strongest Swedish movie I 've ever seen .
1 I went to see this movie twice within a week and can only sum it up in one word ( which I normally do n't use lightly ) : Wonderful ! In my view , the best movie ever made . Who deserves Oscars and other awards if not this Swedish crew who have created cinematic perfection in the last scenes of the film , when everything that is said ( and left unsaid ) throughout the story is drawn together ? Just as the character of Daniel Dareus evokes so many sentiments and long repressed feelings within the people around him , the movie does the same to its viewers : You walk out with your head abuzz and your heart feeling full . Great stuff ! Next time you ask yourself " what is the meaning of life " , perhaps think about how you feel after a sumptuous experience like As it is in Heaven : Happy , content , fulfilled . To say it with Virginia Woolf 's Mrs Dalloway : " Such moments are enough " .
1 " Så som i himmelen " .. as above so below .. that very special point where Divine and Human meet . I ADORE this film ! A gem . YES amazing grace ! < br /><br />I was so deeply moved by its very HUMAN quality . I laughed and cried through a whole register , indeed several octaves of emotions.<br /><br />Mikael Nyqvist ís BRILLIANT as Daniel , a first rate passionate performance , charismatic and powerful . His inner light and exceptional talent shines through in every scene , every interaction , in every meeting . I was totally mesmerised , enchanted and caught up the story , which is our collective story , the story of life itself.<br /><br />The film was also so inclusive of many archetypes , messiah , wounded child , magical child , artist , teacher , priest , abuser , abused , victim , bully , divine fool - ALL the characters so real and true to life - all awakened great fondness and compassion in me . < br /><br />It is a real treat to see such a thought provoking yet thoroughly enjoyable , entertaining film . Oh .. must n't forget the heavenly choir of angels and breathtakingly beautiful sound . < br /><br />THANK YOU ALL - This Swedish film will surely captivate people world - wide . BRILLIANT !
1 A famous conductor decides after a heart attack to go back to the village where he was born to live a quiet life . There , he comes in Dutch with the local church choir , that will change his life.<br /><br />I had no expectations when I saw this movie for the first time yesterday ; I like watching foreign movies that are not English , and I 've already seen a couple of Swedish movies in my life , but this one was the best so far.<br /><br />Where to start ? In my opinion , this film is a jewel , thanks to many things , of which one is the outstanding acting . Michael Nyqvist is perfect as the thoughtful , almost shy and devoted conductor Daniel Daréus . Beautiful Frida Hallgren is enchanting with her pretty smile and her subtle acting . The choir members are all well - developed , interesting characters with their own story each.<br /><br />This movie tells a story , a beautiful story , about music , love , pain , memories , death , about a man who devoted his life to music , and who tries to create a calm existence in the village where he was born , while trying to make peace with the past and with the way his life has been till then . Kay Pollack shows us that the Swedish are outstanding movie creators . Go see Så som i himmelen , it 's a movie that makes you think about life and love , and that 's also comforting , in some way .
1 Ingrid Bergman is a temporarily impoverished Polish countess in 1900s Paris who finds herself pursued by France 's most popular general and a glamorous count -- and that 's on top of being engaged to a shoe magnate . Such is the failproof premise that entrains one of the most delirious plots in movie history . There are backroom political machinations by the general 's handlers , a downed balloonist and ecstatic Bastille Day throngs , but the heart of this gorgeously photographed film is the frantic upstairs / downstairs intrigues involving randy servants and only slightly more restrained aristocrats . Yes , it 's Rules of the Game redux . Before it 's all over even Gaston Modot , the jealous gamekeeper in Rules , puts in an appearance -- as a gypsy capo , no less ! Things happen a little too thick and fast toward the end , resulting in some confusion for this non - French speaker , but what the heck -- Elena and Her Men is another deeply humane Renoir masterpiece .
1 I think that most of the folks who have posted comments on this movie do n't understand how to watch a movie and/or have little sense of elegance . First , to assess a movie you need to understand the extent to which everything in the film works together . Modern sensibilities demand great drama . No , I do n't mean great setting of characters and plots , but they seem to demand emotional trajectories that are greatly tragic or greatly comedic . This is a subtle movie . Its beauty lies in its subtlety ( not to be confused with simplicity ) . Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie . It is a beautifully filmed movie that makes the most of combining sensuousness , politics , human weakness , venality ... you name it . The world it 's set in would be alien and not understood today ... a world where if you have it you have to flaunt it NOW and LOUDLY , even if you only think you have it.<br /><br />Many people today do n't understand that Victorian society was n't really Victorian as people understand that term today.<br /><br />This movie helps set the record straight .
1 After watching two of his silent shorts , ' Elena and her Men ( 1956 ) ' is my first feature - length film from French director Jean Renoir , and I quite enjoyed it . However , I did n't watch the film for Renoir , but for star Ingrid Bergman , who – at age 41 – still radiated unsurpassed beauty , elegance and charm . Throughout the early 1950s , following her scandalous marriage to Italian Roberto Rossellini , Bergman temporarily fell out of public favour . Her next five films , directed by her husband , were unsuccessful in the United States , and I suspect that Renoir 's latest release did little to enhance Bergman 's popularity with English - speaking audiences { however , she did regain her former success with an Oscar in the same year 's ' Anastasia ( 1956)'}. She stars as Elena Sokorowska , a Polish princess who sees herself as a guardian angel of sorts , bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere , before promptly abandoning them . While working her lucky charms to aid the political aspirations of the distinguished General Francois Rollan ( Jean Marais ) , she finds herself falling into a love that she wo n't be able to walk away from . This vaguely - political film works well as either a satire or a romantic comedy , as long as you do n't take it too seriously ; it 's purely lighthearted romantic fluff.<br /><br />Filmed in vibrant Technicolor , ' Elena and her Men ' looks terrific as well , a flurry of bright colours , characters and costumes . Bergman 's Polish princess is dreamy and somewhat self - absorbed , not in an unlikable way , but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions . She is persuaded by a team of bumbling government conspirators to convince General Rollan to stage a coup d'état , knowingly exploiting his love for her in order to satisfy her own delusions as a " guardian angel . " Perhaps the film 's only legitimately virtuous character is Henri de Chevincourt ( Mel Ferrer , then Audrey Hepburn 's husband ) , who ignores everybody else 's selfish secondary motives and pursues Elena for love , and love alone . This , Renoir proudly suggests , is what the true French do best . ' Elena and her Men ' also attempts , with moderate success , to expose the superficiality of upper - class French liaisons , through the clumsy philandering of Eugène ( Jacques Jouanneau ) , who ca n't make love to his servant mistress without his fiancè walking in on them . For these sequences , Renoir was obviously trying for the madcap sort of humour that you might find in a Marx Brothers film , but the film itself is so relaxed and laid - back that the energy just is n't there .
1 Several posters have quoted Renoir voicing his desire to make a film showing Ingrid Bergman smiling to camera . The short answer is would n't we all whilst the harsh reality is that only a select few got to do so . At this stage of her career Bergman could n't get arrested ; in 1949 she left Hollywood to make a picture in Europe , fell for director Roberto Rossellini and never looked forward . After five turkeys in Italy she was probably ready to open a vein but within the year , after making this for Renoir , she was back where she belonged and with an Oscar to boot for Anastasia . This is one of three movies that Renoir made in color around this time and on balance it 's better than The Golden Coach , which is n't hard , and about even with French Can Can . Renoir probably figured that with so much going for her Bergman could get away with a couple of wooden leading men and Renoir picked two doozys in Jean Marais and Mel Ferrer , solid mahogany in both cases . The plot is actually based on a real incident in French history but Renoir is content to give it a once - over - lightly and concentrate on replicating the paintings of his father in set up after set up . In its pastel colors it resembles another film of the period Les Grandes Manouvres which is no bad thing . All in all it remains a pleasant trifle showcasing a beautiful and charismatic actress .
1 Thanks to a smart script and a steady hand from Writer / Director Kevin Meyer , " Perfect Alibi " is an entertaining and very likable mystery thriller . The movie starts methodically and builds up steam as the clues begin to reveal that nothing is what it seems to be . Teri Garr and Hector Elizondo are terrific as they team up to unravel the mystery , reminding me of Nick and Nora Charles , from the " Thin Man " movies . Kathleen Quinlan is excellent as Alex McArthur 's tormented wife and the character roles , played by veteran actors Charles Martin Smith , Bruce McGill , Anne Ramsey and Estelle Harris are well done and provide plenty of light moments at just the right time . There 's even a cameo by Rex Linn . In all , I felt like I was reading a good book by the fire .
1 The visuals and effects are up to par with the the original film and provide a lot of entertainment even if the storyline is essentially the same as the first two films . It also seems a lot more erotically charged than I remember the other films being . If you 're a big fan of flying prehensile hair and tongues that can reach all the way down into your stomach , you 'll like this film .
1 While essentially a remake of the original Chinese Ghost Story , this third installment has higher production values and greater subtlety in both the acting and the story . Tony Leung is particularly good . CGS III is a gorgeous , moving film .
1 If the movies are to be believed , Chinese ghosts are much prettier and more mischievous than their Western counterparts . The storylines of the three ' Chinese Ghost ' films are largely identical , but the direction is excellent and the detail and colour is such that it 's not a huge problem . As always , humour is an integral part of the film , accompanied , of course , by a great deal of mugging . For those who have n't encountered the ' Chinese GhostStory ' trilogy yet , this film offers an interesting departure from the Western horror / ghost genre ; for those who have , another enjoyable romp in the Chinese ghost world .
1 It 's this sort of movie that you try and imitate . By attempting to realise something ... then flying through the air almost immediately . I 'd like to do that and I know you would too!<br /><br />Great stuff !
1 If you r in mood for fun ... and want to just relax and enjoy ... bade Miyan Chote Miyan is one of the movies to watch . Amitabh started off pretty good ... but it is Govinda who steals the show from his hands ... awesome timing for and good dialog delivery ..... its inspired from Bad boys ... but it has Indian Masala to it ... people think it might be confusing and stupid ... but the fact that David Dhavan is directing and Govinda is acting ... should not raise any questions .... other recommended movies in the same genre(David Dhavan / Govinda combo) ... are Shola Aur Shabnam , Aankhen , Raja Babu , Saajan Chale Sasural , Deewana Mastana , Collie no . 1 , Jodi no . 1 , Hero no.1 , Haseena Manjayegi , Ek Aur Ek Gyarah .
1 One of the best " Amitabh comeback " movies I liked . This was the phase when Govinda was going strong with Dhawan . The songs were awesome and totally as we call it " masti " type . An evergreen entertainer with the likes of the multifaceted Anupam Kher chipping in . The story line has a lot of hilarious twists and turns as is known for David Dhawan 's potboilers . With a timely appearance by Mrs . Madhuri " Nene " Dixit , it was a total riot towards the end . It was great to see Amit perform with such force and humor after a long exile . Although some may consider it a typical " Bollywood Masala " movie , I would watch it any day . I am giving it an easy 8 out of 10 just for being pure Bollywood .
1 This movie is very funny . Amitabh Bachan and Govinda are absolutely hilarious . Acting is good . Comedy is great . They are up to their usual thing . It would be good to see a sequel to this : ) < br /><br />Watch it . Good time - pass movie
1 As a kid I remember being nine or ten and loving this movie . It was the all round Bollywood action / comedy movie . It is a imitation of Bad Boys obviously ! The whole swapping identities but the arrival of two other twins throws everything out of the window and then the arrival of colourful villains who dance and sing ! The action scenes in the film are n't revolutionary but still amazing scenes . The film is genuinely very funny and was the great comeback Amitabh Bachan needed . Govinda is a gem like always and this is probably his best work to date , he shines as the side kick nd delivers the best comedy scenes available in Indian cinema.<br /><br />The songs .... The songs are both funny and catchy .............. proving laughs when you least expect it ... Amitabh Bachan surprisingly is very funny and will make you laugh as ' Bade Miah' .... his accent ... body language ..... Brilliant ... <br /><br />'Assi chutki naab re daal ' is the best song .............. Hilarious .
1 This movie is an awesome non - stop laugh riot incorporating all the usual ingredients of a Dawid Dhawan comedy - bumbling heroes , buffoonish supporting characters , made - up dolls for heroines , nasty villains , wisecracks , rocking soundtrack + choreography and a little dose of action . < br /><br />Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda both are in double roles of policemen and conmen . The heroine of Amitabh the cop is Ramya Krishnan and Raveena is opposite Govinda the cop . Heroines are mere rouge - smothered props as usual . The conmen have no heroines . Paresh Rawal carries his villainous act in DAUD forward ( He played a similar Don in KHOOBSURAT too ) . Asrani shines in a brief role . He does a retake on his famous " Angrezon ke zamaane ke Jailer " act in SHOLAY .<br /><br />Govinda is impeccable as usual - as a wisecracking , good - humoured policeman Pyaare Mohan and as a conman Chhote Miyaan . He imitates Bihari style of Hindi speaking with hilarious results . Amitabh Bachchan , believe it or not , pales in comparison with him . But still AB is fine . Madhuri Dixit does a cameo as herself in the song " Makhna " . She dances like wind . < br /><br />Viju Shah 's music is awesome . Check out " Kisi Disco Mein Jaayen " , " Makhna " and the title track .<br /><br />Do not go looking for any LOGIC since it is a comedy and the screenplay is of convenience completely . Just Enjoy Yourself .
1 Military training films are becoming so common that they are becoming a genre unto themselves . Among the more prominent we have , ` Officer and a Gentleman ' , ` Top Gun ' , ` GI Jane ' , and now ` Men of Honor ' . The fact that this one happened to be true does n't change the fact that the formula is the same . This film is probably most like ` GI Jane ' since it focuses on the desegregation angle.<br /><br />The story is actually quite inspirational and is probably the best human - interest story among those mentioned above . Carl Brashear ( Cuba Gooding , Jr. ) is unquestionably a man of great courage and principle , and his strength of character shines through brightly in this film . Unfortunately , director George Tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the characters and eschews character development of various characters other than Brashear in favor of showing Brashear in a constant state of adversity . Billy Sunday ( Robert De Niro ) is a central figure , and except for the initial scene , the fistfight and a couple of scenes with his wife , we do n't know much about him . For instance , Brashear sees the scars on Sunday 's palms and we are to assume that he worked a plow , but there is no follow - up on that point . Mr. Pappy ( Hal Holbrook ) gets only one short scene by which we can judge him . The rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting . If a director is going to make a human - interest story , he needs to humanize the characters.<br /><br />Cuba Gooding Jr. gives an outstanding performance as Brashear . This is probably the best I 've seen him . This is a role and a character that is far more complete than any part he has played before , and he rises to the occasion . In ` Jerry Maguire ' , Rod Tidwell was a fascinating , but one - dimensional character with the depth of a rain puddle . Brashear is much more complex and grounded , and the issues he faces are life crises , making the part far more challenging . This is an excellent recovery from Gooding 's last role in ` Chill Factor ' , a film so dreadful that it was almost an act of professional suicide to take the part.<br /><br />After a stint trying his hand as a comedian ( ` Analyze This ' , ` The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle ' , ` Meet The Parents ' ) , Robert DeNiro is back to his dramatic roots with an outstanding performance . DeNiro is n't a bad comedian , he is just such a great dramatic actor that it seems like he should n't waste his time doing comedy . DeNiro endows Billy Sunday with a rock hard personality belying a tortured soul . It is a pleasure watching him work . < br /><br />It seems every film I watch lately has Charlize Theron in it . I saw ` The Legend of Bagger Vance ' , ` Men of Honor ' and ` The Yards ' right in a row and I was beginning to wonder if she had a part in every film in 2000 ( actually , she only did five ) . This was a minor role for Theron , but she carried it off well and managed to stay with DeNiro step for step . David Keith , who co - starred with Richard Gere in ` Officer and a Gentleman ' , has a cameo here < br /><br />The DVD has some interesting special features , including reflections by the real Carl Brashear and some deleted scenes.<br /><br />I enjoyed this film despite the hackneyed plot and the one - dimensional presentation . I rated it a 7/10 . I 'm a sucker for underdog stories and I have a fondness for stories where strength of character is the central theme . This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable acting performances that compensate for some of the director 's shortcomings .
1 " Men of honor " - true story about a proud and persistent black navy diver ( fabulous Cuba Gooding Jr. ) is definitely a great movie that both touches and entertains and it 's part of the absolute cream of the new millennium cinema . Wonderful acting is the main reason to make this movie something truly special and pretty enjoyable , splendid experience . Charismatic Robert De Niro is marvelous as rough , fierce and pitiless chief Billy Sunday - role is practically written for him . This film alongside with fantastic " 15 minutes " ( 2001 ) are two of the latest proofs that he 's still one of the very finest actors of our time . On the other hand " Men of honor " includes a fine performance from Cuba Gooding Jr. who has been one of the most promising young black actors since " Boyz n the hood " . " Men of honor " goes straight into the company of " Jerry Maguire " , " As good as it gets " and " Instinct " . Cuba Gooding Jr. is a skillful and fantastic actor and I 'm prepared to get lots of more terrific movies from him . " Men of honor " has also quite an excellent story - line and probably the most exciting diving sequences of the movie history . This is a great , fascinating movie and I can only recommend it .
1 This one is a great one ! Robert De Niro and Cuba Gooding have teamed up to make a powerful and very influential film . This is the true story of the first black US Navy diver and the obstacles he faced in attaining his certification at the hands of a racist Master diver . Along the way , he must also face plain old bigotry from all of his classmates , none of whom want him in their class . They move out of the barracks when he arrives . Ultimately , he becomes certified and goes on to have a great career as a US Navy diver . Watch this one ! It 's a great tale of courage and honor . As the story unfolds , we get to watch racism slowly dissipate and everyone begins to respect men one at a time .
1 This film is an excellent military movie . It may not be an excellent Hollywood Movie , but that does not matter . Hollywood has a reputation of sacrificing accuracy for good entertainment , but that is not the case with this movie . Other reviewers have found this movie to be too slow for their taste , but – as a retired Soldier – I appreciate the pace the movie crew deliberately took to tell their story as completely as possible given the two hours and nine minutes allotted . The story itself has been told and retold several times over , but it remains for a professional soldier – and an African American at that – to report on the story as presented by the movie crew , and as it presents the US Navy to the world . The story of Brashear 's work to become a Navy Diver , and his life as a Navy Diver beyond his graduation , is not the only story that is presented . There I also the story of how Master Chief Petty Officer Sunday defied the illegal order of his Commanding Officer that Petty Officer 2nd Class Brashear not be passed in his test dive no matter how well he did , and paid the price of a loss of one Stripe and a change of assignment . It also told the true story how Brashear found the third Hydrogen Bombs lost in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Spain in the 1950 's , and how he saved the life of another seaman who was in the line of the snapped running line that would have snapped him in two if Brashear had not shoved him out of the way and took the shot himself . This was a complex story that was worth telling , and I will admit that two hours and nine minutes was not enough to tell the full story , and I can tell from the deleted scenes on the DVD that the crew tried their best to tell a story as full as possible . As a professional soldier , I was proud to see such a great story told in such a comprehensive manner , and to see the traditions and honor of the navy preserved in such a natural and full manner .
1 I loved this movie . It is a definite inspirational movie . It fills you with pride . This movie is worth the rental or worth buying . It should be in everyones home . Best movie I have seen in a long time . It will make you mad because everyone is so mean to Carl Brashear , but in the end it gets better . It is a story of romance , drama , action , and plenty of funny lines to keep you tuned in . I love a lot of the quotes . I use them all the time . They help keep me on task of what I want to do . It shows that anyone can achieve their dreams , all they have to do is work for it . It is a long movie , but every time I watch it , I never notice that it is as long as it is . I get so engrossed in it , that it goes so quick . I love this movie . I watch it whenever I can .
1 The inspiring story of Carl Brashear ( Cuba Gooding , Jr. ) , a black man who grew up in poverty in Kentucky and then joined the US Navy , aspiring to be the first black Master Diver in Navy history . We are shown the series of struggles from boyhood on that Brashear has to overcome to make his dream come true ( and then to keep it alive . ) Not the least of the challenges was Master Diver Bill Sunday ( Robert DeNiro ) , the head trainer at the diving school the Navy sends Brashear to , who is not especially sympathetic to Brashear 's goals , but who ultimately becomes an unlikely friend and supporter.<br /><br />This is a good movie ; fast paced and with a lot of action , although not an " action " pic in the normal sense of the word . There 's a very human story here as well , and an interesting study of racism and the struggle to overcome it ; there 's also a sense of the struggle that took place in the 1960 's between older and younger naval officers ( the " old navy " vs the " new navy . " ) The performances are quite good - particularly Goodings ' . I thought DeNiro was perhaps a bit over the top in his portrayal of Sunday ( although , who knows , Sunday might well have been this extreme kind of loose cannon ) and the portrayal of Sunday 's wife Gwen ( by Charlize Theron ) also made me question whether these parts were " jazzed up " to provide entertainment value.<br /><br />A good movie , though . I never once wondered if it was worth tuning into.<br /><br />7/10
1 Men of Honor stars Cuba Gooding Jr. , as real life Navy Diver Carl Brashear who defied a man 's Navy to become the first African American Navy Diver . Sometimes by his side and sometimes his adversary there was one man who Carl Brashear really admired . His name was Master Chief Billy Sunday ( Robert DeNiro ) . Sunday in a lot of ways pushed , aggravated and helped Carl become the man he wanted to be . < br /><br />I loved Cuba in this film . His portrayal here is as liberating and as powerful as Denzel Washington was in The Hurricane . Through every scene we can see his passion , motivation and stubbornness to achieve his dream . We can see the struggle within in him as he embarks to make his father proud . I also loved how the director created and brought forth a lot of tension in some of the key diving scenes . Brashear 's encounter with a submarine during a salvage mission is heart - stopping and brilliant . < br /><br />The only fault I could see would have to lie in the supporting cast . Cuba and DeNiro 's characters are very intricate and exciting to watch . Which does make you a little sad when they have to butt heads with such two - dimensional supporting characters . The evil Lt . Cmdr . Hanks , Sunday 's wife ( Charlize Theron ) , the eccentric diving school colonel ( Hal Holbrook ) and Cuba 's love interest are the characters I found to not have very much depth . What could have made these characters more substantial and more effective was a little more time to develop them . Why was that colonel always in his tower ? How come Sunday 's wife was so bitter and always drunk?<br /><br />Another curious question has to be this . What happened to Carl Brashear 's wedding ? I mean if this film is chronicling this man 's life would n't his wedding be an important event ? Maybe it 's just me . Men of Honor , however , is a perfect example of the triumph and faith that the human spirit envelops . This film will inspire and make you feel for this man 's struggle . Which I do believe was the reason this powerful story was told . My hat goes off to you Carl Brashear . I really admire your strength.<br /><br / >
1 TIllman Jr. 's drama about the first African American Navy Master Diver ( Gooding Jr. ) , who defies all odds and achieves his goals despite a strict embittered trainer . The screenplay is not bad , a bit extreme at times , but the direction and acting is first - rate , and this film is inspiring and achieves what its supposed to do . I liked DeNiro in the lead , although its not on par with his masterful works ( taxi driver , godfather and all the others ) it is as good as his other good performances such as in King of Comedy or Angel Heart . DeNiro is always convincing and believable here , very good performance , Gooding Jr. is not bad , definitely one of his better performances . --- IMDb Rating : 6.6 , my rating : 9/10
1 I was curious to know how critics responded to this rousing , inspiring film , so I went to Rotten Tomatoes and was dismayed to discover that the pompous peanut gallery that is our nation 's film critics had given the film an average 43 % ( or " Rotten " ) rating.<br /><br />All I can say is , if this movie does n't move you , you have no heart . ( It 's interesting to note that the same film on the same website got a 74 % rating from viewers).<br /><br />Not that the opinion of critics is all THAT important to me . After all , I ca n't think of a more useless , overpaid profession . Some schmo gets paid to go to the movies ( what a tough life ) and does the same thing everyone else on the planet does : forms an opinion . But these chumps have a way of coming across like their opinion somehow matters more than yours , and even worse , they love to hate.<br /><br />I'll grant you that this movie is old fashioned ( well , except for the f - bombs ) , syrupy , and a little predictable ... after all , you know right from the beginning that Cuba Gooding Jr. , portraying real - life Navy hero Carl Brashear , is going to triumph ( eventually ) at every turn simply by the way he comes across : determined and plucky ; strong - willed and optimistic.<br /><br />But his performance and that of De Niro ( as Billy Sunday , a composite character of several real - life people ) are so strong , so inspiring , that you 'll be on your feet cheering many of the film 's scenes , especially the courtroom climax . You 'd have to be a real stick in the mud not to be moved by these scenes . Like our nation 's film critics . Michael Rappaport is excellent as well as a sweet - natured , stuttering diving student that befriends Gooding 's Brashear . If anyone has seen " Higher Learning " , this character totally redeems that character.<br /><br />Anyway , this confirms what I 've always felt : do n't listen to critics . See this movie and get inspired .
1 Robert De Niro , Cuba Gooding Jr. , Hal Holbrook , and all the rest of the actors and actresses in " Men of Honour " have combined to make this a fine movie . Mark Isham wrote the filmscore , so you know the music is truly fine , too.<br /><br />But : After noticing a slew of goofs , loopholes , and over - dramatic heart - string pluckings right from the start , I had to make a vow to ignore them and sit back to enjoy the film . If you can do that , it _ really_is _ good.<br /><br />The story of Carl Brashear , a true - to - life hero , is inspirational enough to last a lifetime . Look him up on the internet ... The entire story is more amazing than the film , as the Director admitted in his comments . There were only three African - American U.S. Navy divers in World War II . However , none reached the status of U.S. Navy Master Diver . Carl Brashear was THE first African - American U.S. Navy Master Diver . AND he was the first amputee diver to ever be certified or recertified as a U.S. Navy diver . ( Resounding Applause).<br /><br />On the negative side of the movie 's ledger : Should I tell you of only one of the many " loopholes " ? Yeah , I 'll mark this comment as containing " spoilers " and do so ... The early , pivotal scene where the helicopter hits the radio mast and sinks into the sea : They 'd never have had the time to suit up a full Mark V diver , even if he were the legendary Master Chief Billy Sunday , in time to be only " ... a couple of minutes late " saving the pilot.<br /><br />So , for loopholes , goofs , and over - dramatization , I derated " Men of Honor " from a perfect 10 down to a 7.<br /><br />Will Hollywood EVER realize that the unalloyed truth is so much better that their over - dramatic approach to story - telling ? I doubt it . Too bad !
1 I 'm certainly glad that a film was made about Carl Brashear 's amazing life story . Coming as it did during the Civil Rights era , Brashear became an inspiration for people of all minority groups not willing to settle for a status expected.<br /><br />Brashear as played by Cuba Gooding , Jr. leads by example in the conduct of the life he has chosen . Very similar to Jackie Robinson who integrated baseball and made it stick by his character and conduct . As Brashear , Gooding knows that he does not want the sharecropper life that his father Carl Lumbly has and Lumbly makes it real clear to get more out of life than he 's gotten.<br /><br />But while Harry Truman integrated the Armed Services after World War II , the Navy still has its restrictions . A black man can only be a cook or an officer 's valet , the real fighting parts are denied him . That 's not good enough for Gooding who applies to become a Navy deep sea diver.<br /><br />Once at the diving school at Bayonne , New Jersey , Gooding gets it all thrown at him , mostly by the Master Chief Petty Officer in charge , Robert DeNiro . DeNiro may have some leftover prejudices , but he 's nevertheless a hero and one who can inspire if one can get passed racial divide.<br /><br />The best thing about Men Of Honor is the chemistry between DeNiro and Gooding . They certainly come from different places , but as they get to know each other , both turn out to be Men Of Honor.<br /><br />Other good performances to note are Charlize Theron as DeNiro 's wife and Hal Holbrook as the head of the diving school , a guy the Navy just wish would retire for reasons you 'll see.<br /><br />Men Of Honor is an inspiring story about people with courage to spare and the ability to change .
1 This is one of the best military films ever made . And it is great because of its focus on values . It 's a great human interest story that turns on a commitment to honor , loyalty , love , and determination.<br /><br />Gooding and DeNiro are superb in the lead roles . It 's wonderful to see the Master Chief 's racism evolve toward respect and love through Carl Brashear 's determination , drive , and yes , sense of honor . The title indicates the source of their bond . I never noticed until this last time watching it how brilliant Carl Lumbly 's portrayal of Carl 's father , Mac Brashear , was . In a way , it 's a cornerstone of the film in that it 's Carl 's memory of his father that helps carry him through hard times.<br /><br />I am selective about what films I purchase . This is one of those rare ones that I want on my shelf . It will be seen many times in the future , I 'm sure .
1 Guys , you got to watch this awesome movie . At the end of this movie you will have a strong passion and profundity imbued into yourselves . The acting of the two characters , Billy Sunday and Carl Brashear deeply touches the heart from inside . This movie is about principles , dignity , patriotism and HONOR . You will hear Chief Carl Brashear say , the Navy has greatest tradition of all - Honor - practiced thoroughly by these two characters . Mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm . Dialogue delivery of this movie is perfect . You ca n't find any flaws in the dialogues . What the Master Chief Billy says roams in and out of your mind for a long time after watching the movie . Please watch this movie .
1 I had n't heard about Brashear before I watched this . This is the story of him and the man who trained him , helping him to become the first African - American US Navy Diver . A tale of will - power . The plot is well - written , and develops nicely throughout . This is what it seems , the typical underdog thing , and it does n't hold too many surprises . It 's also quite Hollywood , but hey , I do n't know the actual man , maybe it 's close to how it actually happened . Nevertheless , it gets the job done , with dramatic scenes and adversity along the way , and this is inspirational for anyone who 's ever heard the words " no , you ca n't " be spoken about their life - long dream . The acting performances are all excellent . DeNiro and Gooding Jr. both shine whenever they 're on - screen . Rapaport is marvelous , as well . The characters are well - written , credible and consistent . This is well - edited , and features good cinematography . The production values are high , and this does a fairly convincing job of transporting us back to the 50 's . This is the only film I 've seen by this director and the writer , though I may now consider looking into more they 're responsible for . There is a moderate amount of strong language , otherwise no offensive material . I recommend this to anyone who finds the subject interesting , and/or fans of those who made it . 7/10
1 A Classic Hollywood Biopic is the best sense of the genre . Gooding and DeNiro both give spectacularly heartfelt performances in the two leads roles , and the supporting cast is uniformly excellent , with standout performances by Carl Lumbly and Michael Rapoport . < br /><br />The only " nit " I might pick is that Theron 's role was unnecessary & distracting ( not her performance which was fine , it 's just that the film seemed to add two unnecessary scenes to accommodate her role.)<br /><br />Aside from that , the characterizations , dynamics , and action of the real - life story are riveting and unforgettable . The evolutions of the main characters and how what they experience evolves their beings are uniquely characterized by the performing artists . Despite the movie 's extreme length , the pacing stays intact throughout . The score is also terrific.<br /><br />Us this a predictable Hollywood film ? You bet . So , Mike Leigh addicts should subtract a star , but everyone else should enjoy mightily .
1 I went to this movie at a cast and crew show cause my friend , whom is a producer on the movie invited me . Forget what you have seen in the commercials , forget what you have heard , go see this film for yourself . I was more than surprised by it . In a world of The Grinch , Charlies Angels , The 6TH Day , Unbreakable , here comes a film that is worth your hard earned bucks ! Glorious scenes , wonderful cinemtrophy and a cast you want to eat with your heart . I found this to be one of this years most orchestrated powerhouse films and with reason . Robert Deniro deserves an oscar nod . If you could give an oscar to everyone involved as a package , this would be the film .
1 Although I gave a rating of " 9 " , my expectations were higher than what the film delivered . I would have been happier had there been more deep diving since I am a diver myself , but it was supposed to portray the life of Carl Brashear and that 's what it was about . This film made me angry in the beginning , but happy in the end .
1 I thought the racism and prejudice against Carl Brashear was grossly overdramatized for Hollywood effect . I do not believe the U. S. Navy was ever that overtly racist . I can not imagine a full Captain , the Commanding Officer , ever telling his Chief to intentionally flunk anyone . Certainly not at the risk of his life . And there has never been a Chief Petty Officer as unabashedly prejudice against everybody but WASPs as DeNiro 's character . No Chief as slovenly and drunken as he was played would have ever risen to Master Chief in the first place . Cuba Gooding saved an otherwise badly done movie .
1 As I watched this movie , and I began to see its ' characters develop I could feel this would be an excellent picture . When you get that feeling , and the movie indeed fills those expectations the experience is rare . I had that very feeling throughout this movie . Robert DeNiro and Cuba Gooding Junior played riveting and amazingly strong parts which were both Oscar worthy . The supporting cast was equally as strong creating a winning foundation for the picture to grow on . I can say without any hesitation at all , see this movie it will not disappoint .
1 MEN OF HONOR features Cuba Gooding Jr. , in what is probably his best performance to date . He plays Carl Brashear , a man of towering courage and heroism . He 's a poor dirt farmer from the South , who wants to become a Navy diver- but has problems because of his race . The head of the diving school , played by Robert DeNiro , is a racist redneck that nonetheless grows to respect Brashear . The film is about how Brashear has to concur the nearly insurmountable odds , not once but twice . The performances are what make this film special . Gooding is great , and DeNiro , the best actor in movie history , gives a towering performance- his best dramatic work in years . Charlize Theron gives another solid performance as DeNiro 's much younger wife . The film lays on the patriotism a little too strong ( though no where near the level it was in THE PATRIOT ) , and a few of the characters are just one dimensionally bad ( Hal Holbrook 's Mr. Pappy is just so evil ) , but the film is a rarity among films today . It 's uplifting and uncynical . A wonderful film .
1 I thought this move was very good . There were a few things that were less than perfect , but overall , I was quite surprised . The courtroom scene in the end seemed a little unrealistic , but was real enough to be entertaining . I found that the movie communicated the hardships of going though military training and the sacrifices that go along with it . Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts .
1 Men of Honor has many great aspects to it . Good action sequences , plenty of " feel good " scenes , a good musical score , but the part that really makes the movie is the great acting . Mostly by Robert Deniro . The story of Men of Honor is focused about Carl Brashear played by Cuba Gooding Jr. who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy . It chronicles his rough struggle from being a poor farmer to getting into diving school and even further . It is a good story , but it seems like it has been done many times before . A person , against all of the odds , wo n't give up until they accomplish their goals that they set for some sentimental reason many years ago . It could happen , but a lot of the struggles the Brashear faces in the movie are questionable including the C.O. of the diving school tampering with his final test . However , all of that is made up for the scene when Robert Deniro finally enters the movie . Deniro plays Mater Chief Sunday who is the teacher at the diving school Brashear is attending . As soon as Deniro come in he omits this vibe of extreme arrogance that you ca n't hate unless you have incredible wilpower . Before the movie ends , Deniro gives off multiple speeches that would have you laughing at how cool he is but you are too stunned at the way he punches them out . In the end you must doubt some of the aspects of the film , but admit it , if it was all the truth , it would have you snoozing it your seat by the first twenty minutes .
1 This film is a great example of fine storytelling . The acting is superb . The story is inspiring without being overly manipulative or fake . There were a couple points where they probably made people a tad more good or bad than they really were , but considering it is a Hollywood movie , they showed amazing restraint . There was n't a single explosion shown in the movie , even though they had one opportunity to . The film , while having suspenseful parts , was not made into an action movie . The story is thus made to focus on an extraordinary man in unfortunately ordinary times . Well done !
1 It is one of the better Indian movies I have seen lately , instead of crappy song and dance or slum dog movies . All the actors have showed the right emotions at the right intensity with right timing . It is the hallmark of a good movie , that it make the viewer go back and research the subject , which exactly what I did checking on Harilal . I always enjoy Akshay Khanna 's subtle style of acting and interestingly he had rather a complicated relationship with his own father Vinod Khanna , albeit not as dramatic as Gandhis and wonder how it helped him essay this character . I was impressed by the direction and 2 thumbs up for Anil Kapoor for producing such a classy movie .
1 The movie took a new angle to Gandhi 's life , which is nice to see and it shows how human he was . His relationship with Harilal is something that Gandhi was troubled by and mentioned it several times as his failure as a father in his autobiography.<br /><br />My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie . It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi . Some of Gandhi 's statements seemed too smug and it seemed as if he was intentionally portrayed in a negative light in some parts of the movie.<br /><br />The movie is not really all - rounded , but focused only narrowly on the relationship of the father and son . The rest is blurred out and only used to show the time frame and the general setting of the movie.<br /><br />Overall nice movie if you keep in mind that it is not a complete picture .
1 Keeping all political views aside , Feroz Khan and Anil Kapoor 's ' Gandhi , My Father ' is a good movie that cleverly explores the confused - towards - family side of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi , and the fight of his eldest son Harilal Gandhi with the society , his larger - than - life father , and most importantly demons in his head . One draws parallels to Gandhi the father of the nation and struggles any son could have with their father < br /><br />The acting is good . Shefali Shetty , Darshan Zariwala and Akshaye Khanna - strictly in that order- add color and pathos to this heart wrenching tale of Harilal who weeps to be hugged just once and also runs away at the faintest touch of the finger.<br /><br />Feroz Khan 's direction and the production canvas is lavish and attractive , however , the screenplay could 've been tighter . I had seen the play some years ago on a pirated video type DVD ( it was called Mahatama vs Gandhi , I think ) and it was certainly more gripping . Though , the movie 's background score and the father - son and mother - son moments are just a brilliant treat.<br /><br />This movie could have been great . It 's borderline to that . It has the potential so huge to have been just a story differences between a father and son or just Gandhi or even both . somewhere , the plot is lost and when you expect absolute epitome of emotions , nothing comes to you.<br /><br />It compares decently to other Gandhi 's . Certainly not an overview film like Kingsley 's Gandhi , or abstract as Kamal Hassan 's Hey Ram . The film just about manages to find its footing ; however , one is left wondering " what if ... " Worth a watch . 7.5/10
1 I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears . Its tragedy that India has no such leaders after freedom , who dare to do justice with their own children , when they do n't behave properly .. In current generation , politicians bring their children 's into politics without measuring their caliber and skills .. I remember the dialogue from Gandhi ' What kind of society we want to create / make with such people ( about Harilal ) ? ' No wonder that it will be a dream that India will hardly have such leader in this or next generation .. Einstein was right when he said about Gandhi that ' After 50 years one would hardly believe that such person with body , soul and mind ( Mahatma Gandhi ) had ever lived on this earth . ' I sincerely want to THANKS a LOT to Anil kapoor , Feroze khan and all film actors / actresses for this wonderful movie about great person and relationship with his son . All father and son should watch this movie once and take some lessons for both roles .
1 Gandhi , the Great : < br /><br />Greatness in the world is associated with people like Alexanader the great , Ashoka the Great for their greatness lied in being glorified as more than humans . Gandhi is called great for actually not being a Great but being more human , for I always believe bringing out the humanity in us is where the greatness of being human lies . Gandhi was a human with humanity and one who strived for humanity ready to sacrifice himself in the battle for humanity but not his enemies . Let me move to the movie review now.<br /><br />About Gandhi My Father : < br /><br />Gandhi My father is a film not about Gandhi but about his son Harilal Gandhi . On telling the story of a son whose father was one of the greatest humans to walk this earth , the director succeeds in portraying the tale . The film succeeds in telling the story of a mislead son of a father who lead a nation to greatness . The movie is termed as a criticism of Gandhi 's failure as a father to his son , I would rather say it is of a sacrifice Gandhi had made as a father of a son to do justice as a father of a nation.<br /><br />I wish the essence of this movie prevails not just in India , the Gandhian land , but through the hearts of all the people of this world.<br /><br />Gandhi the true Human . Jaihind .
1 I would not like to comment on how good the movie was or what were the flaws as I am not a professional film critic and I do not have enough knowledge of making movies . What i do know is that making this kind of a movie in your very first shot is a big achievement and I would like to congratulate the Director for that . However , in some reviews , that i have read , critics have complained that Hiralal 's relationship with his brothers was not highlighted , and his siblings were completely erased from the story . Now i would really like to raise a point here that as the name of the movie suggests , it is not a movie about Hiralal 's brothers , it is a movie on the relationship of Mahatma Gandhi and his son Hiralal Gandhi , nothing more nothing less . If we start complaining about some characters being kept out of action in the movie , it would be a bit unfair because these characters do n't fit in the picture , no matter how relevant they were in real life . So i think it would be better if we stick to the main idea and stop satisfy a critic in ourselves.<br /><br />Enjoy ! ! ! !
1 It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi ( 1982)—he was merely narrating a story of a great individual who walked on this planet not so long ago . Comparatively , it must have been a lot tougher for director Feroz Abbas Khan making his debut as a filmmaker to make Gandhi my father , pitting a shriveled anti - hero against an international hero , both of whom were historically real individuals , and ironically father and son . The events in the film are mostly real . Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film , setting high moral standards for the world to follow . Yet these very standards overshadowed the aspirations of his eldest son Harilal to be a lawyer of repute like his father , to complete his education and get a job in India and thus provide income for his nuclear family.<br /><br />The film does not debunk Gandhi and his ideals . For Gandhi , his mission was larger than his family 's aspirations . He loved his family and cared for them , though his thoughts for their appeasement were blinkered by his ideal of caring for the masses . He stood for equality and dignity among all persons and in his view to give special undue advantages to his own son overlooking other deserving persons went against the basis of what he preached . The film looks at an unusual case of parenting—where an idealist parent places receding goalposts for a less - than - brilliant offspring . < br /><br />The film presents an unusual scenario that happened . A son marries his childhood sweetheart , upsetting his father . The father upsets his son 's educational aspirations at several key junctures . The fragile link between a devoted son and a father breaks , as the son wants to stand on his own feet and care for his nuclear family . While the father gradually becomes the father of a nation , the son stumbles in valiant quest for identity and survival . His marriage breaks and seeks solace in religion , buffeting between Islam and Hinduism . Through all his tribulations his link to his mother remains , until she chides him for being drunk.<br /><br />Feroz Khan is essentially a director of plays making his foray into cinema . He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs. Gandhi that had considerable impact on the Indian theater community . The play and the consequent film were based on two biographies , one by Chandulal Dalal and another by Nilamben Parekh , The success of the staged play was an evident reason for the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this noteworthy film . Every time a good director of plays attempts to direct cinema there is an evidence of a lack of confidence with the medium . Peter Brook is a great director of plays , but less competent as a film director . The opening shots of Khan 's film promises great cinema—a derelict Harilal Gandhi is brought to Sion Hospital , Bombay ( Mumbai ) barely mumbling that his father is Bapu ( the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi ) , father to an entire nation . The hospital authorities do not recognize him to be Mahatma Gandhi 's eldest son , dying in poverty and loneliness . Apart from the dramatic opening , the film unfortunately merely presents a great story and some superb exterior shots of father and son meditating in silhouette . For an Indian film it does present some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest for details ( the clothes of most Indians in the film seem dust - free and freshly laundered , modern hairstyles of actors , and even Shefali Shetty playing Mohandas Gandhi 's wife a century ago with plucked eyebrows ) , the bane of Indian cinema . Since Feroz Khan is a theater personality , he has invested much more effort in working with the actors in developing the characters rather than on cinematic details , somewhat like Sir Attenborough another person who is also a product of theater ( Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts).<br /><br />Knowing quite well that to criticize Gandhi in any manner was asking for trouble , even when there was no direct criticism in the film , producer Anil Kapoor took a remarkable decision of not putting up posters of the film at accessible heights in India , fearing that some one could tear the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally . < br /><br />With all its mix of greatness and faults , Gandhi , my father throws several questions at the viewer . Is a mother - son bonding stronger than a father - son bonding in parenting ? Is one 's immediate family less important than humanity at large ? Does one seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when worldly troubles are encountered ? In this film , Harilal buffeted by adversities runs from one religion to another , while his father quotes scriptures " Forgive them for they know not what they do " when beaten and thrown on the ground by a South African policeman , convinced of the value of religion and convincing others as well.<br /><br />The film won the Best actress award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty ( Shah ) and an Indian award from critics . Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have handled a sensitive subject very well and elicited above - average performances from the ensemble of actors . I do hope the international success of the film paves the way for some able director to film another brilliant Indian play Girish Karnad 's Tughlaq some day meeting international quality standards .
1 I just came back from the Late - night cinema and it was indeed a silent way out as most of the audience pondered though the real - life black & white images of the partition , the freedom movement , etc which was very much reminiscent of the lives ' our forefathers faced ! Amidst this backdrop , mind you , there was no tel / fax / internet in those times but for the very voice of Truth & Non - violence , the cinematography infused some spirit of stark reality of adversity amidst the strict Raj.<br /><br />Gandhi shown as a hardworking Attorney in South Africa , who stood for his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread awareness of the same with humility and sainthood which to the uttered speech of general Smut was shown as a nice farewell on screen . It had the best drafted speech with a subtle humour & a veiled threat to the British raj in India!There was a nice remark when he said we pray in silence to the British in India now that Gandhi , the politician is set for India(towards sainthood).<br /><br />The very backdrop of a big family with many kids needs the mention of an obvious divided attention and love which had to cast it 's spell on the unfortunate kid 's psyche who was left alone to aspire for unrealistic ambitions . Little did Harilal knew about his aptitude and he gets emotionally carried away with small pleasures in life and fails in front of the huge idol of his father . He tries to do away from mentor - ship which is the basis of any success which had to be seen by those fortunate neighbours in the streets of Gandhi 's residence when Harilal vents out his frustration in open . This means he becomes mentally weak and gets psychologically deranged to an extent that he is forced into religious conversions and alcoholism , with debt and dis - obedience fuelling his negative thoughts . He still had shown the sincere love for his mother through touchy scenes and even Gandhi 's humble expressions form Harilal to forgive him did n't meet any conclusions in his mind as he always feared the Father , Gandhi.<br /><br />he could n't digest the fact that Gandhi could n't share his love with him as he expected & was driven to rebellion when he could n't understand the equal - merit based delivery of scholarship money by his father to his cousin where he saw a failed opportunity to study for barrister in england.<br /><br />This had to take it 's toll in him thrown to the streets as a beggar when the whole of India was celebrating the Indepedence!The life of a destitute never changes come what may but the manner in which the sad death of Kasturba & Gandhi himself is shown brings in an emotional silence . Finally the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal is shown as a flashback to keep the audience gripping and wondering where did the father of the nation go wrong ? was he clever enough to be mentally strong to lead an - one man army & use his brave soldier - son as a weapon to show to the British & rival forces that when it comes to the interest of the nation , nothing comes in between . Sadly though that to read a Mahatma 's heart one has to live outside his family and see which the emotionally naive harilal could n't see living inside .... <br /><br />A pity that such naive harilal 's are still ruining the efforts of many Mahatma - like fathers in many families in todays ' life and have taken to drugs , alcoholism and God knows what thoughts!!Here 's a message to all those brave sainik(soldier)-sons please respect the father of the nation!Please Obey and happiness shall be bestowed or else it 's a disaster in waiting , isn't it ?
1 Gandhi my father is like viewing a book , chapter by chapter you read it(with your eyes ) and you learn more about Harilal Gandhi and for that matter Kasturba Gandhi . So little is known about both of them and this movie describes them uniquely . The title misleads though , its as much a movie about Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his son , as its about Harilal and his mother . And Akshaye Khanna and Shefali Chayya do full justice to their respective roles.<br /><br />Such movies are like leap years . They come after only so much time.<br /><br />Gandhi My Father , is also about an internal struggle , which is sometimes more difficult than any freedom struggle ever undertaken.<br /><br />Watch it , if you like quality cinema .
1 mahatma Gandhi , the father of the nation in his quest for India 's freedom struggle ignored his own family and son , this movie is about his son Hiralal who feels neglected because of mahatma Gandhi 's service to the society . The movie starts off in South Africa where Mahatma Gandhi works as a barrister and fighting the cause of India 's freedom against the British . Hirarala arrives in South Africa to help his dad who is a barrister , since gandhi was involved in the freedom struggle , he wanted his wife and children to join in too as a service to the society and as a result hirarlal does not get a chance to complete his education and fails his exams , he gets married to his love gulab ( bhoomika Chawla ) against his father 's wishes . Hiralal has ambitions to travel to england and become a barrister just like his dad but his own dad refuses to grant him a scholarship offered to his family by a businessman and instead gives it away to another person saying that the scholarship should not be limited to his family and should be open to the most deserving student living in colony . This angers hiralal and the rift between father and son increases , hirarlal hates his father for neglecting him and blames him for being uneducated and unemployed . Hiralal struggles to make ends meet and lands up on the streets through failed business attempts and in huge debt , he loses his wife and children . Akshaye Khanna has give a stellar performance as Hiralal gandhi .. all kudos to him , the direction and the script is fantastic , the picturization is excellent . overall an Excellent movie and a must see . I give it a 10/10
1 An ultra - modern house in an affluent neighborhood appears to be the cause of each of its inhabitants bizarre ( and deadly ) behavior . Or at least that is what Lara Flynn Boyle 's character , Col Kennedy , argues . After a series of deadly occurrences in a gargantuan house next door , Col knows something has got to give . Mark - Paul Gosselaar also stars as the mysterious architect.<br /><br />My opinion : The House Next Door works because of Lara Flynn Boyle and the locations ( beautiful house ) and stylish sets . Boyle is a talented and dynamic actress , not to mention absolutely stunning . She brings credibility to her character and makes the film intriguing . Without her , it would have failed . " It 's so alive " declares a prospective buyer in reference to the house . Yes , it is alive . But the story itself is not so much.<br /><br />Barring Boyle 's presence , not much is happening here , as an enormous amount of the movie is spent watching or waiting to see how the house will affect its current owners . The results are predictable . But I liked it anyway . The cinematography lends the film a polished look . 8/10 on account of Boyle , the premise of an evil ultra - modern house , the locations and cinematography , and set decoration and wardrobe .
1 After too many years of waiting , Anne Rivers Siddons ' noted 1979 book " The House Next Door " has finally been filmed . The result veers a bit from the novel which , especially in the first story of the trilogy is understandable if unsatisfying as it 's a TV film , the whole of which is absorbing and actually very good , just not as great as the book , one of Stephen King 's favorites and one of mine as well.<br /><br />With more running time and fewer constraints as a theatrical release , all the richness inherent in the original three - part story of the ominous ultramodern house could have been explored and nurtured , especially the climactic revelation near the very end.<br /><br />Still , the whole cast does well in this thoughtful tale of mindless malevolence . There are a few unnecessary cheap shocks but the growing atmosphere of dread is well developed . Actually , one of the most disturbing scenes involves an abstract painting of the house by its next - door amateur - artist neighbor who is trying to visualize its corruption on canvas.<br /><br />Be sure to read the great novel .
1 When I heard that this movie was coming out the night before Halloween , I was very excited . When I found out that it was a book , written in 1978 , I had to read it before seeing the movie . I 'm sure the movie would have been much different to me if I had not read the book . The writers actually did a good job of staying true to the main plot of the book , with minor differences , naturally . I think the thing that disappointed me the most about the movie was Boyle playing the role of Col . I 'm not a big fan of Boyle , and it seems that no matter what the mood during the movie , she 's always trying to use her over - plumped lips , and darkly makeup - ed eyes to make herself seem super sexy . Indeed , I think that the movie held true to the genuine creepiness of the house . My favorite subplot was the Sheehan family ( which is so weird b / c the son was killed in Iraq and in current events there is Casey Sheehan whose mother went on a huge anti - Iraq tirade ) . In the book , obviously the war was not Iraq , but rather , Vietnam , and when the house turns on that video of the son in the helicopter , I was truly creeped out . Overall , I was impressed with the movie , in that it followed the book very well .
1 All films made before 1912 really need to be viewed with a sense of time and place.<br /><br />In 1894 , the Lumiere - family men [ father : Antoine ( 1840 - 1911 ) , sons : Auguste and Louis ] owned and managed a factory that manufactured photographic plates and paper . Not a small enterprise ; the factory had more than 200 employees who received pension and social security benefits - innovative for that time . It was located at Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon , France . What caused Louis Lumiere to become interested in building a Cinematagraph , in 1894 , remains open for speculation . My suggestion is that the appearance of the Edison organization 's Kinetoscope ( peep - show machine ) , in Paris during the fall of 1894 , provided the catalyst.<br /><br />W.K.L. Dickson , of Edison 's staff , invented a motion - picture camera about the size of an upright piano that was patented in February 1893 . It was electrically operated ( using power from from heavy storage batteries . This massive machine pumped celluloid film strip ( newly developed by the Eastman company ) past a lens at about 40 frames - per - second ( fps ) . It was ensconced , as an almost immovable object , in the " Black Maria " ( essentially the first movie studio . ) The Kinetescope machines showed staged presentations ( less than one - minute long)that were filmed in this studio.<br /><br />During 1894 , Louis Lumiere applied himself to the task of inventing a moving - picture camera . He had determined that , even at 16 fps on celluloid film , the persistence - of - vision of the human eye / brain would allow for normal motion to be perceived . His camera , dubbed the Cinematograph , was about the size of a large shoe box and was provided with a detachable film magazine that provided storage for enough film to make a shoot last about one minute when it was had cranked past the lens at 16 fps.<br /><br />The size and light weight , of the camera ( it could be converted into a printer or a projector by the addition of a light source ) made it portable enough that it could be taken to any location to record an event ( provided there was enough sunlight available . ) In the spring of 1895 , Louis filmed : trick - riding by some cavalry men ; a house on fire with firemen arriving and dousing the engulfed building with water ; and a number of other scenes in and around Lyon . Using a Molteni bulb , he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to scientists assembled in the reception room of the Revue Generales des Science . The images were projected on a screen five - meters distant from the lens . The screen was stretched in a doorway between two rooms . At a meeting of professional photographers , that same year , Louis photographed the arriving delegates and the same evening showed them motion pictures of their arrival.<br /><br />With accolades from both the scientific and photographic communities , Louis decided to have a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year . Since each of his films would be about one - minute long , he would need at least a dozen films to make a good presentation . For one of these films he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory , photographing the egress of employees at quitting - time.<br /><br />The public venue chosen by Antoine - who offered himself as the " fairground barker " for the Cinematograph - was the Salon Indien of the Grand Cafe on the boulevard des Capucines in Paris . It was a wintry Saturday night on 28 December , 1895 . As the first audience sat , they were presented with a projected view of the exterior of the Lumiere factory ( with closed gates . ) Some were chagrined that they were just going to see a routine slide show of Lumiere photographs . But then the crank on the camera / projector was turned and movement began . Louis had an innate sense for motion picture taking . This film has a beginning , a middle and an end . In the beginning , the doors are opened and people begin to leave their workplace ; during the middle , the people stream out - with many trying to ignore the camera , and the cameraman , as they seem to be happy to leave a day of labor behind them . At the end , the gates to the factory are being closed.<br /><br />And this was the first film projected for the entertainment of the general public .
1 On the 28th of December , 1895 , in the Grand Café in Paris , film history was writing itself while Louis Lumière showed his short films , all single shots , to a paying audience . ' La Sortie des Usines Lumière ' was the first film to be played and I wish I was there , not only to see the film , but also the reactions of the audience.<br /><br />We start with closed doors of the Lumière factory . Apparently , since the image seems a photograph , people thought they were just going to see a slide show , not something they were hoping for . But then the doors open and people are streaming out , heading home . First a lot of women , then some men , and one man on a bike with a big dog . When they are all out the doors close again.<br /><br />Whether this is the first film or not ( some say ' L'Arrivée d'un Train à la Ciotat ' was the first film Lumière recorded ) , it is an impressive piece of early cinema . Being bored by this is close to impossible for multiple reasons . One simple reason : it is only fifty seconds long . But also for people who normally only like the special effect films there must be something interesting here ; you do n't get to see historical things like this every day .
1 This one - minute film is arguably the first movie ever made . Other inventors had previously filmed actions - like Edison 's motion photography of a sneeze - but the Lumiere brothers developed equipment that tremendously advanced the medium . At the time , of course , their ` cinematograph ' must have bewildered their peers , including their subjects . In this first instance , the brothers record employees leaving their factory , some of whom understandably struggle to hide their awareness of the camera . The Lumieres attempt to make the film more entertaining by introducing animals and a bicycle , but ` La Sortie Des Usines Lumiere ' does n't nearly match the ingenuity of their later films . The most interesting aspect of this short film is the brothers ' selection of a familiar working class ritual as their subject . Their choice is the initial evidence of their curiosity about all of the world 's people , a quality that makes viewing their experiments immensely rewarding and fascinating today.<br /><br />Rating : 8
1 You 're using the IMDb.<br /><br />You've given some hefty votes to some of your favourite films.<br /><br />It 's something you enjoy doing.<br /><br />And it 's all because of this . Fifty seconds . One world ends , another begins.<br /><br />How can it not be given a ten ? I wonder at those who give this a seven or an eight ... exactly how could THE FIRST FILM EVER MADE be better ? For the record , the long , still opening shot is great showmanship , a superb innovation , perfectly suited to the situation . And the dog on the bike is a lovely touch . All this within fifty seconds.<br /><br />The word genius is often overused.<br /><br />THIS is genius .
1 The appeal of ancient films like this one is that you get to see an actual moving image of life over 100 years ago . Here are a lot of people leaving a factory , all of them dead by now and none of them even remotely aware of the magnitude of the invention that they are walking before . I was shocked to read one reviewer call this film as boring as home videos today , and at least one other mistakenly identified it as the first film ever made ( it was the first film made at the rate of 16 frames per second , rather than the then - normal 46 frames per second ) . < br /><br />Sure , all you see is a lot of people filing out of a building and passing before the cinematograph on their way home from work , but this is a curiosity piece for dozens of reasons , not the least of which is that it was the first film made by the Lumiére brothers , who probably had a stronger impact on the development of the cinema than any other individual or group of individuals in history .
1 Story says that on that on December 28 , 1895 , a small group of thirty - three people was gathered at Paris 's Salon Indien Du Grand Café to witness the Cinématographe , a supposedly new invention that resulted from the work done by a couple of photographers named August and Louis Lumière . The small audience reunited that day ( some by invitation , most due to curiosity ) did n't really know what to expect from the show , and when a stationary photograph appeared projected on a screen , most thought that the Cinématographe was just another fancy devise to present slide - show projections . Until the photograph started to move . What those thirty - three people experienced in awe that cold day of December was the very first public screening of a moving picture being projected on a screen ; history was being written and cinema as we know it was born that day.<br /><br />Of the 10 short movies that were shown during that historic day , " La Sortie Des Usines Lumière " ( literally " Exiting the Lumière Factory " ) was the very first to be screened . The film shows the many workers of the Lumière factory as they walk through the gates of the factory , leaving the building at the end of a hard day of work . While a very basic " actuality film " ( movie depicting a real event ) , the movie took everyone in the audience by surprise , as their concept of moving pictures was limited to Edison 's " Peep Show " machines ( the Kinetoscope ) , the brothers ' invention was like nothing they had seen before and so the audience stood in awe , as the people and the horses moved across the screen . The idea was n't entirely new ( Le Prince shot the first movie as early as 1888 ) , but the way of showing the movie was simply revolutionary.<br /><br />"La Sortie Des Usines Lumière " would become the first in the long series of " actuality films " that the Lumière would produce over the years . This primitive form of documentary was the brothers ' favorite kind of film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses the Cinématographe could have . Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm , after the first showing the Cinématographe became a great success and " La Sortie Des Usines Lumière " quickly became an iconic image of that first screening . It definitely was n't the first movie the brothers shot that year , and it probably was n't the best of the 10 movies shown that day ( personally I think that " L ' Arroseur Arrosé " was the best of the 10 ) ; however , it is really meaningful that the very first movie was the opening of a pair of gates , as literally , this movie opened the gates to cinema as we know it . 8/10
1 It 's utterly pointless to rate this film . It 's as if you would condemn ( or praise ) the newly born for his future life . Instead look at it as a powerful meditation at what could have been and what has been in the past 100+years . One hundred and eight years of the cinematograpy : what has become of the babe ? I like to contemplate on what would have ( creatively ) happen if Europe was n't interrupted ( devastated ) twice by the great wars of the XXth century . On her ruins the bogus neon castle of the non - creative and reactionary circus named Hollywood erected itself . Before 1914 French , Italian and Scandinavian cinemas were leading the way both financially and of course creatively . French film in particular was already threading some very original and creative pathways that could have ( if not interrupted ) possibly altered the medium history in some unimaginable ways . One wonders what the film history would look like today if it was n't stultified and choked by the mercantile and cheap political agenda of the Hollywood 's 80 + years of , what Chekhov might define as the reek of greed and harlotry ... Be it as it might , please at least become aware of La Sortie as the key ( or at least one of them ) to the " Kingdom " . Thus the birthplace of Cinema : Lumiere Brothers Factory , Lyon , France The date : March 19th 1895 ( there 's also a replica reel shoot in the Summer of 1895 so if you notice Summer lights and the workers ' lighter clothing : that was the version shown to THE VERY FIRST PEOPLE WHO EVER SAW THE MOVING IMAGES . * Louis Lumiere : creative ideas , cinematography , direction it was all Louis ' own domain because Auguste took care of the rest ( money ) . * First film reels were all fifty seconds long : the camera(=le Cinematograph ) & the cameramen ( le cinematographer ) having only paltry fifty seconds to make things happen ! * Apparently Le Institute Lumiere has managed to preserve around 1500 of these first films executed mostly by an industrious brigade of Loumiere travelling cinematographers criss - crossing the globe . * * * So , all the stars in starry heavens and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in Human history ( so far ) .
1 What can i say about the first film ever?<br /><br />You ca n't rate this , because it 's not supposed to be entertaining . But if you HAVE to rate it , you should give it a 10 . It is stunning to see moving images from the year 1895 . This was one of the most important movies in history . I wonder how it was to be one of the people who saw the first movie ever!<br /><br / >
1 How ca n't you rate this movie with 10/10 ? I admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining but the goal is not to tell you a story but History ! This is the first ` real ' movie of cinema history ( ` le Prince de Galles ' was first but it was not technically perfect enough … ) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value . These people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment , becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving ! And above all the shot is a beautiful shot ! And it 's very moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that ! What a moment ! Historic for science first ( because the Lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons ) and for art later . A movie to venerate !
1 The first film ever made . Workers streaming from a factory , some cycling , most walking , moving right or left . Along with Melies , the Lumieres are both the starting point and the point of departure for cinema - with Melies begins narrative fiction , cinema , fantasy , artifice , spectacle ; with the Lumieres pure , unadorned , observation . The truth . There are many intellectuals who regret the ossification of cinema from the latter into the tired formulae of the former.<br /><br />But consider this short again . There is nothing ' objective ' about it . The film is full of action - a static , inhuman scene burst into life , activity , and the quiet harmony of the frame is ruptured , decentred from the back to right or left ( but never , of course , the front , where the camera is ) . And yet the camera stands stock still , contains the energy , the possible subversion , subordinates it to its will . The cinematograph may be a revolutionary invention , but it will be used for conservative purposes - to map out the world , edit it , restrict it , limit it.<br /><br />worse is the historical reality of the film . These factory workers are Lumiere employees . The bosses are spying on their workers , the unseen eye regarding his faceless minions . The film therefore describes two types of imprisonment . Behind the gates , the workers are confined in their workplace . The opening of the gate seems to be an image of freedom , escape , but they face another wall , the fourth wall , further confining them . The first film is also the first example of CCTV surveillance , an image of unseen , all - seeing authority entrapping its servants . A frightening , all too prophetic movie .
1 Of course , he did have to INVENT EVERYTHING about cinematography , film directing , etc . before he could make classics like " The Gardner , " so I suppose he may be forgiven this initial excursion into mere sociological documentary . Today we call them " home movies , " and they are just as boring now as this one is
1 I have no idea how to describe this movie , and also would love to provide others the same opportunity I had - seeing it with no prior knowledge of what to expect . I enjoyed it immensely but can also say I barely understood what was going on , if in fact there was anything to understand in the first place . Fans of David Lynch ( tangentially ) or especially Guy Maddin films should particularly enjoy this , and any fans of the comic book EIGHTBALL will probably be beside themselves with joy and wonder ( it came as close as any film I 've seen to the tone and mood Dan Clowes creates so effectively).<br /><br />One slight note just to warn anyone easily offended - this movie , if rated , would be NC-17 for sure . Fans of male full - frontal nudity , however ... hmm , well ... yes . This is weird wild stuff .
1 This is an important film . It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention . There 's a lot to like here . The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions . Unlike a lot of recent American cinema , this film takes an interest in what it means to make a movie in the first place . The DVD includes a lot of bonus features , and there are two commentaries that explain the movie for the viewers still befuddled after an initial viewing . When the film screened at Sundance , it made more than a few audience members uncomfortable and angry . This is a Sunday morning coffee movie , not a Friday night party movie . For the dedicated viewer , it 's a treasure trove .
1 The best Treasure Island ever made . They just do n't make films < br /><br />like this anymore , or ever . No one makes films like this . More < br /><br />than a novelty , this film is funny , frank and fascinating , yet moody,<br /><br />mysterious and morose . This is one of my favorite pictures . The < br /><br />director must have had some idea what it is all about , but he < br /><br />certainly leaves room for your own impressions and interpretations , while leaving little left to the imagination . Why he < br /><br />has not made more films like this , I have no idea . While < br /><br />reminding me of some of the best noir , it is one of a kind . But this < br /><br />is not for the lazy or simple .
1 I 've seen this film in avant - premiere at Imagina Festival in Monaco.<br /><br />I saw the first trailer four years ago , and from this moment , I was waiting to see the final result . I have n't been disappointed.<br /><br />It is a full 3d movie with a high contrasted black and white render . Clearly inspired by some comic books , such as the ones from F. Miller . In this optic , it goes one step further than the excellent " Sin City " adaptation from R. Rodriguez . This time , ( almost ) no Grey or any middle color , but a graphic style never seen before in a realistic animated film.(can't wait for scanner darkly)<br /><br />The massive use of Motion Capture gives a lot of life and credibility to the characters and we forget really soon the technical aspect to concentrate on more classic elements , such as direction or plot . The direction stays sober and controlled despite the infinite possibilities of the medium , and that is a really good surprise.<br /><br />The futuristic story ( Paris 2053 ) makes it a classic sci - fiction movie and maintain the viewer interested till the end . Despite a classic base plot ( an investigation that goes far beyond initial expectations)the atmosphere and some interesting recurring themes ( genetics , absolute power of certain firms ... )gives this movie a great interest.<br /><br />Despite it is an animated film , this one is obviously not made for children . You wo n't find here any funny pet or any stupid family moral , only the cold reality . It is far closer to a good film noir.<br /><br />I found that the setting is one of the best aspect of the film : we still feel the well known Paris , but it is morphed by a fine touch of futurism.<br /><br />Nevertheless , I regret a few mistakes . The montage is sometimes a bit flat , one or two very cliché slow motion effects and some poor dialogs . Even though the technical is excellent , it shows its limits in some romantic sequences ( a bit like " final fantasy " did ) . Those little things makes it a 7/10.<br /><br />Altogether , it is a successful artistic challenge that you have to watch if you can . The director , Christian Volckman , knows how not to fall into potential traps ( luckyly , they did n't ask John Woo to do the job!).<br /><br />To conclude , it is a film with blasting visuals , an intelligent story and a wonderful art direction . Watch it if you can!<br /><br />Please excuse me for the spelling mistakes .
1 A Scanner Darkly , Minority Report , Blade Runner , Sin City and Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow – if you are a fan of any of these then this will be well worth checking out.<br /><br />French animation project ' Renaissance ' took seven years to make on a shoestring budget and tonight I finally got to see it at a private screening for the International Film Festival in Stockholm . My spontaneous reaction is awe ; my further reflection is ' huh , neat ' and closer analysis regrettably gets a resounding ' meh ' . It is a gorgeous science fiction triumph on the surface , but scratch it or even poke it a little and its unnecessarily complex plot becomes glaringly apparent , as do the flat characters . < br /><br />Nevertheless it is clear that the people at Onyx films have done something spectacular with the aforementioned surface . The visuals are staggering . They have used live action motion capture fitted into key - frame animation , with stark jet black and bright white contrasts and a heavily shadowed rotoscoped background . For those of you who are not down with the ' technical lingo ' , the film looks like a fully - animated Sin City . Its fluid , transparent , dark and stylized template is complemented by great lurid lightning . It 's a vision . Yet much credit is also due to the crisp sound effects that take the form of humming futuristic weapons , suspenseful music , heavy raindrops and glass shards breaking . It 's every tech - nerd 's wet dream ... <br /><br />The film zooms in on an eerily - lit , bleak , futurescape Paris in which a major corporation called ' Avalon ' has begun to interweave in the lives of the citizens with surveillance ( think the fluid transparent screens from Minority Report ) and genetic engineering . The latter leads to a mysterious kidnapping of young researcher Ilona ( voiced by the lovely Romola Garai ) . Cut to our hard - boiled cop - on - suspension and protagonist Karas ( Daniel Craig ) – a man who takes the law into his own hands – who is assigned the case of finding and retrieving Ilona . During this case , he is being aided by Illona 's sister with whom he also begins a love affair . A very half - assed love affair , if I may say so.<br /><br />The world of Renaissance is remarkable . Director Christian Volckman takes a fair jab at melting the noir themes and the result is an urban jungle filled with cads , rats , femme fatales and lonely detectives that hide in the shadows of the seedy slum . The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely clear and spelled - out archetypes in the story , or the film would have been " too surreal " for mainstream audiences , owing to its lurid animation format . It follows then that we have a multitude of clichéd characters such as evil - laughing villains , sleazy crime bosses and butch tough - chicks who blow smoke every chance they get . It shoves noir in our faces , and it is n't necessary.<br /><br />What is worse is that the dialogue is a little contrived . It seems as though every line exists for the sole reason of propelling the plot . This is nothing fatal because the plot is so complex once it gets going that it needs some clear direction . Daniel Craig helps here too by bringing a no - nonsense attitude to his hard - edged cop character . At one point in Renaissance , he is seen in a vivid car - chase that surely is one of the most adrenaline - pumping and top notch sequences of the film . Unfortunately , the novelty of the sci - fi visuals have worn off post this car chase and ' Renassaince ' could benefit from being slightly shorter . In summary , a very interesting but flawed futuristic comic book experience.<br /><br />7 out of 10
1 One reason Pixar has endured so well , and been so successful , is that while their films remain technical marvels and visual mosaics , they have a story to match their style . And often very moving style at that : affecting , charming and cross - generational . That a lot Anime ( speaking in broad terms ) and a great many other animations fail to match their technical virtuosity with real substance is , I think ( and I might be wrong ) partly because either the makers are n't bothered with character and plot and focus far too much on sound and image , or the sheer effort that goes into making some animations is so enormous , so enervating that they do n't have the energy to create a really engaging story.<br /><br />That same can not be said of Renaissance . There are flaws in its plot , but I 'll get to that later . Those same flaws , however , are not reflected in the visuals - Renaissance is nowt short of stunning . The ultra - high contrast images ( sometimes so high - contrast that is nothing but one face or one beam of light visible ) and incredible detail are always impressive , always a joy to behold . The futuristic Paris on display is the grim offspring of Blade Runner and Brave New World ; dark , murky , quite affluent and even clean , but shrouded in intrigue , corporate malfeasance , obsessed with beauty ( capital of the catwalk , after all ) and disguising the squalor and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental , sophisticated architecture.<br /><br />It 's a compelling environment , not entirely original , but great all the same . The film 's much - touted ' motion - capture ' technology and incredible attention to human and design minutiae result in images a black - and - white photographer would die for . Not that the detail prevents entertainment , because Christian Volckman crafts some superb action sequences : a hell - for - leather care chase , a couple of gruesome(ly imaginative ) murders , several tussles in the dark and a nasty dust - up in a gloomy apartment . The locations are great , too ( I want to visit the nightclub ) . While the central character of Karas is your regular off - the - shelf maverick cop , the other two female characters ( who are sisters ) are the real motors of the movie . Coming from war - torn Eastern Europe , products of a war , diaspora and a family spat , they 're a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole.<br /><br />The film is tremendously atmospheric , its dizzying , swooping faux - camera moves and adult tone making for a very engaging experience . However , the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook , in which indefatigable plod Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev , a drop - dead gorgeous and pioneering scientist , after she 's snatched from the street . The sinister corporation Avalon ( is ANY corporation ever not sinister ? ) , which she was working for on ' classified ' , projects are hell - bent on her retrieval , and soon Karas is up to his neck in official reprimands , dead bodies , cigarette - smoke and narrowly - missed bullets , and falling in love with Ilona 's sister Bislane ( very sympathetically voiced by Catherine McCormack ) , as he plumbs the depths of the city 's sordid underbelly ( and his own past).<br /><br />Text - book noir , in other words , but while I enjoyed the film a lot more than Sin City ( to which it bears a passing visual resemblance ) , the plot and resolution are dull , the theme of immortality being raised but never examined , and the shenanigans of high - rolling Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach are also dull , undercutting a lot of the dramatic tension . The basic ideas are familiar sci - fi genre materials , and there 's a nagging sense that the visuals and atmosphere are disguising the mundane material.<br /><br />However , the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly coherent , even if some of the scenarios the characters get into occasionally feel like excuses for displays of technical wizardry . But it 's the projection of life in Paris circa 2054 , the vision of community and creation of another city from the ground up that makes this film something to behold . I may be taking it too seriously , and if that 's the case I can at least say that it 's superbly made , extremely entertaining ( and pretty mature , too ) , and with an ambiance like no other .
1 If you 've ever seen the trailer for the film " The Recruit " with Colin Farrell and Al Pacino , you 'll never have to see that film . Sadly , Renaissance has had similarly revelatory trailer makers.<br /><br />The story of Renaissance is about a detective investigating the kidnapping of a young woman and medical researcher . The setting is a futuristic Paris , and science fiction elements feature throughout . The special thing about Renaissance , though , is its visual style , and not its story . Renaissance is 3D computer animation , like Final Fantasy , but highly stylised into black and white with ultra sharp contrasts . The result looks stunning ( although the problems of 3D animation of human beings are still noticeable from time to tome : slightly robotic movements , slightly wooden facial acting , etc ) As a highly stylised , beautiful film noir , Renaissance succeeds at stunning the audience , especially visually . The story and writing , though , are not quite at the same level of quality as the visuals . It 's not a bad story ( and presumably , if you have n't seen the trailer , it 's a lot more exciting than it was for me ) . But it is a story that is n't highly original , and verges on the corny . A few lines of dialogue were painfully corny , making the writing sound like a beginner 's first efforts.<br /><br />I will definitely recommend Renaissance to friends . It 's unlike anything I 've seen before , visually , and I believe its originality alone makes it a worthwhile experience . It is also a watchable story , even if it is n't perfect .
1 I highly recommend this film . Set in the Bladerunner - esquire future of 2054 Paris , it is in most respect a classic film noir script : lady in peril , sister trying to find her , honest cop fighting everyone . Luckily , it avoids being stereotypical , and combines a pretty good storyline with interesting , innovative visuals . The film might remind you of Sin City in look , but it has an even sharper , even more graphic novel look that I found really compelling . Each frame , each sequence seems like it could have been pulled from the desk of a skilled graphic designer . In terms of story and artwork , you can find nods going back to the nineteen forties ( or even earlier with the classic views of the Eiffel Tower and Sacre Couer ) and movies like Casablanca , as well as looking toward a grim future where our destines are ruled by corporations . Make any excuse you need to see this film .
1 First things first , this movie is achingly beautiful . A someone who works on 3D CG films as a lighter / compositor , the visuals blew me away . Every second I was stunned by what was on screen As for the story , well , it 's okay . It 's not going to set the world on fire , but if you like your futuristic Blade Runner - esquire tales ( and who does n't ? ) then you will be fine.<br /><br />I do have to say that I felt the voice acting was particularly bland and detracted from the movie as a whole . I saw it at the cinema in English , but I am hoping that there is a French version floating around somewhere.<br /><br />Definitely worth seeing .
1 I just went to a screening of the film during Expresion en Corto , a short film festival in Guanajuato , Mexico . One of the producers was there and gave a brief introduction . The Film rolled and from the first shot I was amazed : one long continuous shot of a futuristic Paris in glorious black and white.<br /><br />I should n't go on with the details 'cause I think it is a film worth seeing . The sci - fi story might be found average for many ... to me was really good . The action is great , the camera is free to fly everywhere and I mean everywhere . Things you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully . The cast performance is good , in my opinion no one hits the wrong note.<br /><br />Now , the thing that I found awesome is the animation . 3D grafics look 2D. A BW comic book brought to life . The details on the backgrounds gives more texture as if it had been done by hand ( I 'm sure it was but when the angles change you see the depth ) . < br /><br />The producer at the screening talked about the hard work behind the film : 7 years ! The director , she said , is brilliant , but perhaps he was quite unexperienced since he only had one short film in his CV . So , many people had true faith in them . They started their own studio from scratch and ever since they faced the challenge they brought upon them.<br /><br />Don't miss it . I think you wo n't regret it ... maybe Richard Linklater for the final look of this film is superior to his I think .
1 I just came back from a pre - release viewing of this excellent sci - fi film noire . It 's style is definitively unique and very well made . It is filmed with actual actors , but transformed into a black and white comic - strip style you have never seen before . It goes one step further than Sin City , and it does it well . It 's a successful combination of french comic and movie cultures . The story and mood remind of Blade Runner , and if you liked that one you will surely like this one , too . The storyline is intelligent , never boring and has some nice little twists . This film is a must - see for any cinephile except perhaps those who absolutely do n't like sci - fi or b&w .
1 If the answer to this question is yes , then you should enjoy this excellent movie . I 've just seen it a couple of hours ago here in Paris ( where the action of the movie takes place)and I can still feel the huge trauma I received in the back of my eyes ... What a visual shock ! I 've never seen such a beautiful black&white photo and such a drastic change in the way of doing animated movies . I strongly believe there will a before and after " Renaissance " , similarly to what we saw with Pixar movies or the Akira and GhostInTheShell experiences . This is a real breakthrough in the small world of animated movies and I hope this french initiative ( a small unknown french studio with a few young folks who had a dream named " Renaissance " ... ) will receive the success and recognition it deserves . Vive la France !
1 Blade Runner ( Deckard is a Replicant ! ) , < br /><br />City of Lost Children ( augmented senses or whatever used and abused and mostly , well , just giving us far less than what we might dream of ) , and < br /><br />Dark City : < br /><br />These really ought to be added.<br /><br />For a while now , I 've been waiting for an animated film that might affect me as much as Miyazaki 's stuff has . This one is the 1st.<br /><br />Hmm , scratch the " animated " part of that.<br /><br />I have an intense love - hate relationship with film noir and , hey , if you do n't leave , it must be mostly love , right ? But , there are so many sci - fi and noir themes totally submerged in this film that it 's just a wonder to watch.<br /><br />These people did an incredible job !
1 Picture the classic noir story lines infused with hyper - stylized black and white visuals of Frank Miller 's Sin City . Then picture a dystopian , science fiction thriller , such as Steven Spielberg 's Minority Report or Richard Linklater 's A Scanner Darkly . An amalgamation of the above would be a suitable way of describing visionary french director Christian Volckman 's bleak and atmospheric take on the future in his feature film debut . But although Volckman 's work does unquestionably take reference from the aforementioned films and those similar to them , such a simplistic hybrid does not do Renaissance , Volckman 's end result , justice - the film itself is a far more complex piece of work than that.<br /><br />Genre hybridity is usually a hit and miss affair , especially in a contemporary context , with the well of individuality appearing to be increasingly exhausted . As such , Renaissance is laudable as a cinematic experiment at the very least , with its unique interspersing of the gritty nihilism of the neo - noir detective thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci - fi drama , which serve to compliment each other 's storytelling conventions in a strangely fitting fashion . The screenplay is a clever and intriguing one ( although one gets the sense that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in their original french than the English translation - the film 's title also becomes far more poignant ) managing to stay one step ahead of its audience all the way through . Though many elements of the plot will seem quite familiar to those who frequent such science fiction thrillers , the script throws unexpected twists and turns in at exactly the right moment to keep the viewer on their toes , making for a truly compelling work.<br /><br />Volckman 's film truly excels in its visual component , and the stunning black and white animation is easily the film 's highlight - superbly moody and stylish , it goes to show what tremendous aesthetic effect the simple use of two shades can have . With tremendous detail paid to the composition and look of each shot , and superb use of very noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene , the film appears straight out of a Frank Miller comic , but with a twist , the end result being consistently visually sumptuous . < br /><br />The film 's English rendition is also given added credence by its very fitting array of voice casting . The gruff voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect piece of casting for grim , stoic policeman Karas , and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister 's disappearance he is investigating . Despite a wavering English accent , Romola Garai does great work as the frantic sister in question , and Jonathan Pryce is suitably menacing as the shady head of ominous mega - corporation Avalon . Ian Holm 's reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist , and Holm makes a powerful impression in his brief scenes.<br /><br />All together , Renaissance boasts a visually stunning , unique and compelling futuristic thriller , just as intelligent as it is entertaining . Though the plot may seem familiar to those who frequent such fare and the occasional weak line may inhibit the film from being the moody masterpiece it set out to be , the superb animation in itself easily carries the film through its occasional qualms . For fans of either of the film 's intertwined genres or the gritty graphic novels of Frank Miller , or those willing to appreciate a capably crafted , slightly less conventional take on the futuristic thriller , the film is without question worth a watch.<br /><br />-8/10
1 Animation always seems to be fringe . In Japan , this might not be the case , but in Europe and much more so in the USA animation has a big fat " KIDS " tag on it . France is probably one of the more comic - liberal countries , home of classics as Tin - Tin , Asterix , Lucky Luke , Valereon and so on(if you 've never read these , it 's not too late . There 's no upper - age limit on them and they do n't carry the nerd - stigma of DC or Marvel ) It seems natural a movie like this one pops up in France . It suits my prejudiced image of the French as art - loving , anti - USA - oriented and talented movie - makers . Luckily there 's also " A scanner darkly " out there to suppress that view - seems art is pretty much international.<br /><br />Anyway , as you might have gathered Renaissance is artsy and French . If you 're a normal person you will get scared by this . There 's no need for that however ! Beneath it 's cool , sleek cel - shaded appearance there 's a good thriller and a good movie overall.<br /><br />That was one of my fears for this movie . It 's so easy turning the spectacular animation to a gimmick , much like Sony & C : o are doing with their Pixar rip - offs . I was expecting a confusing , sometimes boring and not very engaging movie , but luckily I was wrong.<br /><br />I would have enjoyed it anyway for the neo - noir stuff , but it was good that it was worthwhile on that level as well . NOTE : I 've seen the French dub which was OK as far as I could see . English might be more interesting what with Craig and everything.<br /><br />A final word of praise to the animation . It was awesome . Futuristic , well - crafted , nice camera - work , smart solutions(Eyes for example looked very good , which is hard to do ) and so visually stunning I felt like bursting out " This is so damn impressive ! " . Then again , I really like animation and I appreciate the effort the studio put down , so my verdict is a bit biased.<br /><br />Good movie anyway , definitely lives beyond it 's " gimmick " .
1 This is a film i decided to go and see because I 'm a huge fan of adult animation . I quite often find that when a film does n't evolve around a famous actor or actress but rather a story or style , it allows the film to be viewed as a piece of art rather than a showcase of the actors ability to differ his styles.<br /><br />This film is certainly more about style than story . While i found the story interesting ( a thriller that borrows story and atmosphere from films such as Blade Runner and many anime films ) , it was a bit hard to follow at times , and did n't feel like it all came together as well as it could have . It definitely had a mixed sense of French Animation and Japanese Anime coming together . Whether that s a good thing or not is up to the viewer . Visually this film is a treat for the eyes , and in that sense a work of art.<br /><br />If you like adult animation , or would like to see a film that is different from most films out at the moment . I would recommend it . All i can say is that i enjoyed the experience of the film but did come away slightly disappointed because it could have been better
1 I am glad being able to say almost only positive things about the movie with Karas and the Tasuiev sisters , RENAISSANCE.<br /><br />And firstly , that it looks as it ought to look ; a boys ' adventure , RENAISSANCE is the tale of a cop 's investigation in search of a missing young scientist—Ilona Tasuiev , the geneticist and researcher for the Avalon company.<br /><br />The tale of Karas , Ilona and Bislane is , though much less known than SIN CITY , the better movie , and the one more appreciated by the connoisseurs . To the French comics aficionados it will be even more meaningful ( I have enriched my French comics collection last week , though I 'm not so up—to—date ) . The atmosphere , the music , the characters , their lines , the plot are all nice and endearing . A Parisian top cop , Karas , is displayed to find a young woman who was a rising star of medical—genetic research , Ilona Tasuiev—a mildly hot blonde , whose rebel sister Bislane was erotically preferable , I guess.<br /><br />For me , an oldie aficionado of comics and TV series , RENAISSANCE , a marvelously beautiful cartoon , was like a replay of a WILD WILD WEST episode—here , a mythological past replaced with an equally mythological future—more jaded and blasé but , in a sense , as thrilling . RENAISSANCE is not suspenseful ; nor does it look especially well—paced ; but it 's seducing and hypnotic . Moreover , it achieves sketching , albeit briefly , a world , a true world—and we will think about the Avalon , Nakata , Jonas Mueller , the Tasuiev sisters , and Goran , Farfella , and Karas telling of his distant childhood in Kasbah … . I liked RENAISSANCE 's feel , of a certain gentleness and affability and adventurousness , and also the professional , assured look ; among these new cartoons , this one and Linklater 's Dick adaptation ( --the only and first Dick adaptation ever-- ) stood out for me as works of beauty and genuine excitement.<br /><br />I thought the futuristic devices were appropriate and , when not conventional , vividly eerie ( like the invisibility costumes).<br /><br />As advisable , the characters have exotic names , like Bislane and Farfella , mostly gathered from the arts and entertainment 's world ( Goran and Ilona and Naghib … ) .<br /><br />None seems to have noticed that RENAISSANCE 's poster features a Rourke look - alike—that guy is Marv ; which does n't make it a SIN CITY rip -- off , but not a paragon of originality either , and in fact there 's more resemblance to the Miller tale—namely , the bleak futuristic look of a decayed society , the brio of the hero ( in fact a cross of Willis ' character and Rourke 's persona in the previous movie … ) –on the other hand , this cartoon breathes a more public air , a brim of straight adventurousness , and , in a word , it 's like SIN CITY for kids—well , naughtier kids I mean , 'cause there 's a bit of nudity on display . To what I have said one might retort that the traits mentioned are characteristic , even as clichés and common places of the futuristic more adult comics ' look ; true enough , and it was oldie Miller to have brought that things on screen and RENAISSANCE bears some resemblances here and there . Now it 's also fair that every RING ought to have its ERAGORN , so to each sin city , its renaissance . I admit being quite partial to these bleak futuristic tales , a rather undemanding specialty .
1 I read that this did not well , that the story is not solid , that Volckman feels he has failed in some way.<br /><br />I disagree . First , it is well executed . Volckman is doing well to not only to try a new technique , but to have a focus that is worth thinking about : would immortality reduce the value of life ? Big question ... < br /><br />I can see he trying hard to build a feeling , and he is not compromising . This is to be applauded . I am sure it was an interesting exercise to build characters in such a form . I have seen artists reduce a form to bare minimum to build the intensity of a moment . I identify this film with this.<br /><br />Further , it is much more interesting than Richard Linklater 's roto - scoping , and Volckman 's story has more meaning than Linklater 's later stories of a wasted life on drugs . Old news . Everyone knows it , but no one does anything about it . Renaissance has more to offer , something new to think about . And there are many more stories out there with loads of holes in them that do far better.<br /><br />Well done , Volckman . Really nice work .
1 A very unique Sci - Fi animated film , and frankly I love uniqueness no matter which way it tends to be , better or worse . This French film is quite interesting to watch , the technique part is innovatory , like " Waking Life " I recently watched.<br /><br />It took me quite a long time to get used to the Black - White style , but eventually I love it , the sketchlike images are really fancy ! The contracted future world is a symbol of human race 's final destination which I adore it very much.<br /><br />The whole plot is fine for a Sci - Fi , not so intriguing but it 's OK , like some Hollywood 's products , a giant conspiracy about human 's eternity , a little bit cliché and the twisted ending is not so convincing , some development is just too plain and insipid , and the whole movie is too long.<br /><br />So I think I 'm just in love with the style this film shows , others are not so good.<br /><br />About the eternity of life , I think most people have come to a unanimousness that we do n't want eternity because it demolishes the meaning of life , we treasure our lives because they are limited and meaningful , if everyone can live forever , thus the world world will become a disaster and chaos . Leaving someone you love is hard and heartbreaking , but that 's also a way to show our lives are genuine and all the emotion fulfills one 's life and make the world colorful and lively .
1 Just like Final Fantasy brought CG to a whole new level , this is a rebirth for motion capture . Neither movie nor cartoon , this motion picture looks like a homage to the Film Noir , Akira , Sin City , Blade Runner and the new generation of European cartoonists . You see Paris the way it almost could be , the characters seem as real as you and I. They blink , trip , shiver like real actors in a way never achieved before.<br /><br />Don't go watch it hoping to find a mind twister . You will most likely figure it out before you 're half way from the movie . The scenario is certainly too simplistic compared to famous thrillers , but this definitely is bliss for the eyes .
1 Every second of the film is gorgeous . And that 's why it earns a 7 , because the plot is not especially devious , and thinking back over the last 90 minutes I never really felt any excitement or investment in the characters . If anything , the luxurious graphics and framing have made certain scenes ( the car chase , for instance ) more pedestrian than they ought to be - not that they do n't look lovely and have some very original design and occasionally novel camera angles - but they are missing the kinetic movement and close - up shots that are part of the language for any normal action / thriller . The first hour plods along , and the dialogue feels very edited and a bit stagey - people wait for each other to finish and do n't always react in a natural cadence , which would be a problem of recording each individual 's dialogue separately . On rare occasions the emotions in the voices do n't quite match those on screen ; something that should really have been avoided . The futuristic architecture is very attractive ( lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens , lovely smoke / mirage / special effects ) and nice - looking cars , but again - it 's more an exercise in graphic design , having no real impact on the story . I 'd argue that the whole point of using drawn animation ( instead of actors / CGI ) is to really push the limits of imagination and design ; to do that which is too difficult / impractical in other mediums . Although the animation in Renaissance is certainly stunning and incredibly well - accomplished , I never felt like I was seeing something that has n't been done before.<br /><br />Immortel , another French CGI film , also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over story & pace . To be fair , some marvellous and engaging French movies also have a languid pace , and lingering shots of the look in someone 's eyes or the rain on Paris cobbles can evoke great emotion - but animators need to understand that while animation brings unique strengths , it also has weaknesses when compared to real - life technique . Perhaps it would break from the ' noir ' rules that the film wants to stick to , but I think the film - makers also missed a glaring opportunity to explore their future society a bit more - the social strata , the fascistic grip of the corporations etc.<br /><br />I have no problem recommending Renaissance to anybody who enjoys stylistic design and/or animation ( ' Manga ' fans in particular ) , but I would n't make my other film - loving friends sit through it . Take away the sumptuous visuals and it 's a barely average film .
1 In 2054 Paris , Avalon , a computer generated system , controls the city and when a young woman is kidnapped , detective Karas ( Craig ) must go against Avalon to find her.<br /><br />Renaissance is a splendid blend of film making mixed with a conceptual futuristic narrative that lights up the screen in a shocking manor with a noir themed ideology and conceptual montages that should delight many.<br /><br />Pixar are the animation masters . Their numerous Oscar winning films are endless from the charming Toy Story to the mystifying Wall - E and so any company or director has a real challenge to knock them of their perch . Renaissance is n't a film aimed for the young audience though , and like 2007 's Persepolis , brings a strong and mature approach to the genre of animation to make an older and more challenging film to its targeted older generation.<br /><br />In 2005 Robert Rodriguez released a shockingly brilliant noir Sin City that shook up the whole usage of green screen with a splendid balance of filming in black and white with the odd spurts of colour and a year later , Christian Volckman took up a similar approach with this equally visually masterful stroke of film making.<br /><br />Volckman 's picture however is a full on animation but it does n't half look realistic for the majority of it 's strong 1 hour and 40 minutes of running time . The faces of the character 's are well portrayed and in particular , this film has got to be the finest ever for the usage of shadow . The fact we never know if its night or day is irrelevant when simply gazing into the stony faces as the shadows blend across their expressions . It is almost a clever use of pathetic fallacy , and is finely directed also.<br /><br />For anyone who has seen Persepolis you will have come to the conclusion it is one of the finest directed animations ever screened for the simple but highly conceptual artistic style by Marjane Satrapi < br /><br />Renaissance is equally on terms with that picture and in many instances rivals it with stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the mood . One scene in particular when Karas appears out of darkness is beautifully shot.<br /><br />The narrative revolves around a stubborn and nosey political government who keeps tabs on every citizen . The running of Paris is down to the mysterious Avalon which we do n't see nearly enough to get an essence of its true dominance . Renaissance is controlling the narrative around a tired cop 's attempts to rescue the mysterious woman , and then we see Craig 's tired and boring cop attempt a rescue whilst battling with other elements . There are many things wrong with the scripting , not to mention the tired exasperated cop routine is now old , but there is plenty of dashing adrenaline and springy banter between characters to keep it alive right till a wonderfully shot shocking last couple of stages .
1 Punctuating the opening credits sequence is a swarthy man having a strange , all - too - real nightmare . Closing in on its dystopic 2054 Paris , the film begins to follow a woman into a grungy club , where she and a Slavic bartender convene outside on the deck . They toss exclamations at each other to the effect that she owes him more money although she believes she 's paid it all . Another woman obstructs the budding violence , only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself . The initial woman storms out , and she is kidnapped . Christian Volckman 's Renaissance appears to be another one in an assembly line of recent motion - capture - animated sci - fi noir pictures , but in spite of whether or not that is essentially true , it tells a neatly arranged , classically unraveling detective story that keeps us in the dark in its opening minutes , even whilst introducing Karas , the hard - boiled cop we recognize from the beginning as the man awakening from a terrible dream.<br /><br />The rudiments of classic film noir are all hit upon without any anachronistic changes , for all intents and purposes . It is in the harshness of its monochrome that Volckman 's French thriller has followed no example . For the film 's animators , unfettered by the challenges of physical lighting that would normally be faced , have been able to begin with a totally black frame , and to affix utter pitch - white according to the action on screen . As they scrupulously imitate the effects of real light sources throughout the frame , the distinction of black and white here is full - blown without even any of the slightest shades of gray to tone with the characters ' less starkly definite moral codes , and the outcome is a harsh and judgmental vision of the direction in which commercial civilization is going , sporadically caused to undergo the most blaring and ruthless of illumination . It is the artistic study of film noir taken to their visual boundary of its philosophy , and nothing before has ever shared quite the same execution of this visual concept.<br /><br />All the characters in this decent cyberpunk film seem as if to have been walk off with purely from a Gothic comic book in black ink , but all together their physical responses , their motions and the nuances of their facial expressions look ashore within a clear humanity . Normally , films that try out new developments in animation allow their technical advances upstage all other facets of production . Sin City , for example , left substance and overall good screen adaptation from its source material to be desired.<br /><br />It may not be mind - blowing , it may have its narrative conventions and its voice - over cast may simply be adequate , but Renaissance , made for $ 19 million over six years , not only feels like actual noir instead of a rashly penned appropriation , but also is not secondary to all the visual innovation , which is played as if to be incidental . One leaves thinking not so much about how cool it is when Karas is evading bullets shot through a crowded glass Parisian street , but more about its ponderance of life and death , how life 's tragedies , such as death , make life meaningful .
1 There 's about 25 years worth of inspiration packed into it . Beginning with existential themes of Blade Runner , as well as the vision of the future - with corporate billboards advertising their products , to the technology of the later Matrix films and Spielberg 's A.I. , and finally the black and white graphic novel look similar in style of Sin City . The creators have put in a lot of effort in the visual department and the outcome is a well crafted future neo - noir . Add a detective story and you 've got an interesting film . I know what it wanted to be , but regardless of the stunning visuals , it was n't enough to get it to the final destination .
1 I would almost give it 10 out of 10 . However , there are some confusing parts as well as sections that are miss - leading which hurt the flow / continuity of the film . The story line is great and well composed ; you will definitely want to watch this quietly to fully understand it . The characters are complicated and so is the story line , expect to be given only enough information to stop scratching your head , it 's a film where all is explained in the end . The animation is great and the combination of femme fatal and film noir result in a great film that is unlike anything else I 've seen in animation . It is a black and white film and its quiet dark in a few scenes so it 's worth watching it on a good T.V , or plasma . The character voices do save this film in its English version , but it would have been more convincing if there were some French accents to emphasize that its happening Paris , I enjoyed it more in French with English subtitles . One the whole its well worth buying on DVD or BlueRay if they have it ! And personally if you enjoyed this film you might also like ; Waking Life & Ghost in a Shell 2 Innocence , this is just a personal suggestion .
1 Time for Hollywood to sit up and take notice ! If the actors are acting snooty , all you need to do is get the animators who worked on this little marvel . Renaissance is probably the first animation flick which makes you forget that you are not seeing human beings . Although the voice overs by the cast ( Craig , McCormack , Pryce etc . ) are some of the best i have ever heard but even then the emotions portrayed by the ' cartoons ' are unnerving.<br /><br />This style of animation is not very new but the use of light and shadows makes the movie a living painting . Ironically , such technical wizardry makes you forget that this is actually a very very nice movie . The pacing and plot development are marvelous and the dialogs crisp.<br /><br />Plot : Disappearance of a mega corporation 's top employee unravels a tale of deceit and corruption with a Cold hearted hero at the helm . Ca n't say much without giving it all away ... except that while the movie keeps you at the edge of your seat , the climax leaves you speechless.<br /><br />A must watch .. even for the ' grown - ups ' who smirk at ' cartoons '
1 2054 . Paris is an Escher drawing with people and vehicles scurrying along at multiple levels in an obvious homage to Fritz Lang 's Metropolis . Paris is both ultramodern and crumbling into decay . And in the blink between surveillance sweeps , a pretty young medical researcher is kidnapped just after leaving her sister in a seedy nightclub . A tough police captain investigates . Shown in stark black and white , with the gloomy corridors , shadowy alleys and single source lighting characteristic of the most hard - boiled of film noir , comparisons to Sin City are inevitable . But the story owes more to Masamune Shirow and William Gibson than to Frank Miller , as high tech surveillance , near - invisible stealth suits and ruthless super - corporations are as much a part of the landscape as guns and cars . The film never quite generates the doom - laden atmosphere of Gibson 's cyberpunk vision , with its tech - heavy marginal characters clashing with industrial types from corporations that all seem to have their own Ministry of Fear , but the viewer definitely gets the sense that future Paris is no Utopia and future science is less than benevolent . And as the police procedural plot line unfolds we are taken into the darker recesses of individual ambition beneath the shiny veneer of Avalon corporation 's cultivated PR image . The motion capture process used here produces a look somewhere between B&W comic books and next generation rotoscoping , and is either captivating or intrusive depending on your tastes . Nevertheless , a great visual sense is on display here , and future Paris is filled in down to the tiny details giving the picture a unique look which is in turns both spartan and baroque . Worth a look .
1 ' Renaissance ( 2006 ) ' was created over a period of six years , co - funded by France , Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of around €14 million . The final result is a staggering accomplishment of comic - book style animation , aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with ' Sin City ( 2005 ) , ' but this film employed motion capture with live - actors to translate their faces and movements into an entirely animated format . Presented in stark black - and - white , the film looks as though it has been hoisted from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based , and the futuristic city of Paris looms ominously above us . Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volckman , in his feature - length debut , ' Renaissance ' draws significantly from other films in the science - fiction genre , and the tech - noir storyline is n't something we have n't seen before , but , from a technical standpoint , it is faultless.<br /><br />The year is 2054 . The city of Paris is a crumbling metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted footpaths , the recent installation of modern technology merely offering a thin mask to the pitiable degradation of the darkened buildings . The city 's largest corporation , Avalon , achieved wealth through offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth , and the company 's research department is continually striving to invent greater means of eliminating the aging process . Ilona Tasuiev ( voiced by Romola Garai in the English - language version , which I watched ) , a brilliant young scientist , is mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work , and so it falls to legendary detective Barthélémy Karas ( Daniel Craig ) to uncover her current whereabouts . Possibly holding the key to the woman 's disappearance is Bislane ( Catherine McCormack ) , Ilona 's hardened elder sister , whose trustworthiness is in question , and Jonas Muller ( Ian Holm ) , the dedicated medical doctor who adored Ilona as his own daughter.<br /><br />The eerie , dimly - lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott 's ' Blade Runner ( 1982 ) , ' and some of the technology looks as though it might have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in ' Minority Report ( 2002 ) ' { which was , coincidentally , also set in the year 2054}. However , despite this familiarity , Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters to inhabit . Blending classic film - noir and science - fiction , the result is an eye - catching collage of harsh lighting and dark shadows , which , I should warn , occasionally becomes difficult on the viewer 's eyes . The dialogue is a little banal at times , and the story , though engaging , does n't offer anything strikingly original { except for the ending , which I thought was a bold twist on the usual formula } , but ' Renaissance ' is intended to work best as a visual treat , and that it succeeds in this regard can not be denied .
1 I have to mention two failures for you to understand that this movie brilliantly succeeded where they failed : " A Scanner Darkly " and " Immortel Ad Vitam " . If you were excited by the concepts of these two movies and felt woefully disappointed ( like me ) , you will probably enjoy Renaissance . It immerses you into the world of a future Paris . It is not quite dystopian . They did the animation so well that I thought it was rotoscoped , but from what I can tell , it was not , it was merely motion capture . The facial expressions are amazing ! Not since TRON have I seen a fantasy world so well displayed in an animation / live hybrid . The Black and White medium is used to slowly direct your attention to the subject of the scene ; my favorite effect was what they did with headlight beams , watch for it . The director plays with your attention and confusion but you are satisfied eventually by finding the thread that he wants you to find . The overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises.<br /><br />The plot is secondary , but it is n't terrible . It is noir - ish . There is a backstory for most of the major characters giving them some depth . There is weather . There are " sets " so you can feel like you are in different places in Paris . There is some action , and even a car chase . I am going to have to see this one again to get everything . I also recommend a very large screen to view it as the " sets " are detailed and the credits are small .
1 Much in the same way Frank Miller and his Sin City comics used black and white to express itself ( and its film noir influences ) , so does Christian Volckman with Renaissance.<br /><br />It is the year 2054 , in Paris . In the tradition of science fiction , the future is a bright , sparkling multi - teared jewel . This is a jewel in a setting of misery , inequity and darkness ; bright and beautiful on top with a dark underbelly beneath . One of these " bright " people at the top , a research scientist from a very large and influential global company ( Avalon ) , is kidnapped . The well known and efficient , Captain Karas ( voiced by the new James Bond himself - Daniel Craig ) , is assigned the task to find her.<br /><br />The plot and layout is not overly original . It is heavily influenced by film noir , Gibson 's Neuromancer and other detective stories , along with movies like Blade Runner , Sin City , Fritz Lang 's Metropolis and Minority Report . There is the main plot , surrounded by other possible sub - plots that all connect at the end . It is not hard to figure it all out.<br /><br />The movie 's strength and originality is in its intense visual presentation . Paris is an intricate array of levels and sub - levels . At its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure . As the city rises , so does its architectural complexity and luminescence . Yet in this structure , the top does not equate with elevation of human ideals and behavior . Paris has been intricately animated and laid out in brilliant black and white . The movie is closer in spirit with Sin City ( the comics ) then Sin City the movie was with its source material . This is done all the more easy , because it is still remaining in relatively the same medium ; animation . Much in the same way as a Scanner Darkly pushed the visual aspects of story telling , so does this . The light and dark , black and white creates an atmosphere of contrasts , as well as visual ambiguity . Right and wrong , black and white can lose all meaning at the same time it is right in front of us . The movie proves how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time.<br /><br />In keeping with the spirit of the movie , I can be both critic and fan . I can love and loath in the same light . It is definitely an experience I recommend for lovers of the visual arts . So pour another Black and Tan , enter the void and enjoy the ride .
1 This film is absolutely stunning . A new Blade Runner - future noir at it 's most gritty . The vision of Paris is superb , both recognisable and visionary , with sweeping vistas , grungy set pieces and futuristic virtual reality.<br /><br />The story line is quite simple , with few surprises , but that 's not what I like most about the film . It is a visual treat . < br /><br />Done in 3D and rendered in black and white ( no greys ! ) with only one short spot of colour , it is less hard on the eyes than it sounds . There are many " arty " camera shots - closeups and odd viewpoints - but that just adds to the temperament of the film . Overall you get the impression of a graphic novel in footage form.<br /><br />I was initially under the impression that the film had been rotoscoped , such was the level of animation and high detail in the character 's facial expressions . But unlike " A Scanner Darkly " - which suffers from ( or indeed is enhanced by ) inconsistent character definition ( just watch the way some of the hair changes shape ! ) - Renaissance is consistent and precise throughout . When the character is in close - up , added details and texture can bee seen , but when in mid - shot or further away details are omitted , but not to the detriment of character definition.<br /><br />For me , the only down side of the film is that in one commentary we are told that this is a one - off project . Such a shame , as I would like to see more of this futuristic film - noir storyline and especially in this cutting - edge graphic style.<br /><br />Oh , and the English dub is great too.<br /><br />All in all a great film and highly recommended .
1 I 'm going to keep this review short and sweet .... <br /><br />I saw the trailer for this and thought I 'd give it a whirl 5 minutes in and my initial thoughts were " what the hell is this ? " But after 10 minutes I was hooked and after 20 I was picking my jaw up from off the floor . This film is a great example of how different a movie can be , and furthermore it 's french . This film is high art eye candy wrapped up in a tidy futuristic film noir package , the motion capture is very clever and the black and white animation style which has no grey although at first did n't do it for me totally captivated me and by the end of the film and I found myself wishing every film was made like this . I think my opinion was helped by the great dubbing it would have been very easy to ruin it had they not landed so many respected actors as many voice actors give no feeling to the characters ( Just watch any Hong Kong legends film in English to see a perfect example)I gave it 9 although I gave it an extra 2 because of how fresh and new the whole thing feels ....
1 In the periphery of São Paulo , the very low middle - class dysfunctional and hypocrite family of Teodoro ( Giulio Lopes ) , Cláudia ( Leona Cavalli ) and the teenager Soninha ( Sílvia Lourenço ) have deep secrets . The religious Teodoro is indeed a hit - man , hired to kill people in the neighborhood with his friend Waldomiro ( Ailton Graça ) . He has a lover , the very devout woman Terezinha ( Martha Meola ) , and he wants to regenerate , going to the country with her . Cláudia has a young lover , Júlio ( Ismael de Araújo ) , who delivers meats for his father 's butcher shop . Soninha is a common sixteen years old teenager of the periphery , having active sexual life , smoking grass and loving heavy metal . When Júlio is killed and castrated in their neighborhood , the lives of the members of the family change.<br /><br />"Contra Todos " is a great low budget Brazilian movie that pictures the life in the periphery of a big Brazilian city . The story is very real , uses the usual elements of the poor area of the big Brazilian cities ( drug dealers , hit men , fanatic religious evangelic people , hopeless teenagers etc . ) , has many plot points and a surprising end , and the characters have excellent performances , acting very natural and making the story totally believable . The camera follows the characters , giving a great dynamics to the film . In the Extras of the DVD , the director Roberto Moreira explains that his screenplay had no lines , only the description of the situations , and was partially disclosed only one week before the beginning of the shootings . The actors have trainings in workshops and they used lots of improvisation , being the reason for such natural acting . My vote is eight.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Contra Todos " ( " Against Everybody " )
1 I 've seen this movie , when I was traveling in Brazil . I found it difficult to really understand Brazilian culture and society , because it has so many regional and class differences . To see this movie in Sao Paulo itself was a revelation . It shows something of the everyday life of many Brazilians . On the other side , it is sometimes a little bit over - dramatized . And that 's the only negative comment I have on this film . It 's sometimes too much , too much sex , too many murders and too much cynicism for one film . The director could film some things a bit more subtle , it would make the film more effective.<br /><br />Despite this I liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself . The characters are complex , and very much like real - life people . Not pretty American actors and actresses with a lot of cosmetics , but people who could be ugly and beautiful at the same time . That makes the film realistic , even when the story is not that convincing .
1 We always watch American movies with their particular accents from each region ( south , west , etc ) . We have the same here . All foreign people must to watch this movie and need to have a open mind to accept another culture , besides American and European almost dominate the cinematographic industry.<br /><br />This movie tell us about a parallel world which it is n't figured even for those who live in a big city like São Paulo . All actors are improvising and they are very realistic . The camera give us an idea of their confuse world , the loneliness of each character and invite us to share their world.<br /><br />It 's a real great movie and worst a rent even have it at home .
1 Brazilian films often get more positive appraisals than they actually deserve . Rather incredibly , Contra Todos ( Against Everybody ) ( original title , which the producers discarded : God Against Everybody ) got very low GPA ( grade point average ) in this website . It seems to be bluntly rejected by female spectators at large . Actually , it is not so brutal . I mean as far as graphical violence is concerned . Its brutality is intrinsic as it portrays would - be lumpens , I mean underdog citizens who in fact possess high - tech equipment , who coldly perform murder orders in exchange of " grana graúda " . Is this post - modern man ? Is his / her only worry a quick , almost impersonal , ultra permissive lay , amidst over satiating meals ? The picture is probably the best Brazilian film of 2004 , so far . Its shining editing style , à la Godard , its curious soundtrack counterpoints , its more than efficient overall cast and , above all , its original narration , with subtle non - chronological hidden points that only come to light in the epilogue , deserve at least an 8 mark .
1 I happened to borrow this movie from a friend knowing nothing about it , and it turned out to be an outstanding documentary about a journey on an ancient vessel across vast expanses of the ocean . Thor Heyerdahl had developed a theory that the ancient Incas in Peru managed to travel thousands of miles across the ocean to Polynesia , based on certain relics that are found in both places , certain types of ancient sea - going vessels that we know they had available , analysis of ocean and wind currents , and the knowledge that the Incas did , in fact , travel in some undetermined amount at sea.<br /><br />In order to test his hypothesis , Heyerdahl and his crew construct a vessel as closely as possible to what the ancient Incas had available , using only balsa wood and other materials available at the time , and set out from Lima , Peru 's capital , to try to reach the islands of Polynesia , some 5,000 miles away.<br /><br />His theory , like so much about ancient history , is impossible to prove with 100 % certainty , but the coverage of their journey provides for strong support that he is right . The film is really little more than narration of footage taken during the 100 + day expedition , but it is a very detailed description of what it was like and the trials and tribulations that they faced . I often wish that Academy Award winning documentaries were easier to find , and this one from more than 50 years ago is still as interesting and informative as I am sure it was when it was first released .
1 The tweedy professor - types thought they had it all figured out . Today 's peoples who inhabit Polynesia descended from migratory Asians , intrepidly moving from the Far East , island to island , eastward into Tahiti and all the other exotic tropic isles of the South Pacific over thousands of years . But the established thinking just did n't sit well with young Norwegian ethnographer Thor Heyerdahl . If that explanation were true , how come some folks born and bred in those islands have traditions , artwork , and physical features resembling not those from Asia , but South America ? How can the vegetation of Ecuador , Peru and Chile look so much like what you 'd find on the island several thousand miles away ? Is it just a coincidence that the Islanders point out to sea in the direction of South America and say that is where their ancestors came from , led by Tiki , their equivalent of Adam ? Meanwhile , how is it Norwegians speak of Scandanavian forerunners who were chased from the South American continent they had colonized , and , together with some of the native peoples they befriended , set off over the sea -- heading WEST ? It 's all too much to be a coincidence to Heyerdahl . With an amazing amount of moxie , a handful of crewmen , and the local know - how for traditional raft - building , an expedition begins . It 's as much a trip into the human imagination as it is a pseudo - scientific demonstration that such a journey is possible with only the very basics of tools and seamanship . The Oscar - winning documentary may be dated in its tone and Anglo - ethnocentric approach , but it soars with a spirit of adventure besting even the space program that launched a decade later , as men are willing to risk it all to test a theory they think is true . Wonderful . Do yourself a favor and read the book first . It is an amazing page - turner and the perfect setup for the newsreel - style movie .
1 I have watched this film twice now and think its quite good for the limited equipment used to create this film . ( filmed in 1947 ) Dr. Heyerdahl explains his theory about the migration of south American Pre - Colubian Indians to the Polynesia 's islands by way raft fell of large balsa trees . This documentary follows Dr. Heyerdahl and crew as they select balsa trees in Equidor and float with them down river to the pacific for assembly in Peru . They launch off on a 101 day sea adventure testing the strength of their primitive raft surviving only by means available to natives of that era . See for yourself , a real adventure !
1 I have NOT seen this movie , but I must . Having read all three of Thor Heyerdahl 's books ( Kon Tiki , Ra and Aku Aku ) I am actively looking for a copy of this movie.<br /><br />The thesis that Peruvians migrated to Polynesia is alive and well . Considering that this crew had NO GPS , and only an old fashioned valve ( tube ) radio with a 6-watt output , their voyage was heroic to say the least.<br /><br />Please reply to this message if you can tell me the location of a copy of this video.<br /><br />I would be interested in buying it .
1 The Invisible man is a show everybody s got ta love ! It reminds me of the old school 80 's series(a - team , airwolf , knightrider ) The special effects are small but very effective ! ! but what is most important is the fun they had shooting this series . It really shows ! the entire cast fit perfect in there roles and it looks like they can do whatever they want ! ! especially Paul Ben Victor and Vincent Ventresca . Ventresca really shines in this one ! for me its unbelievable that an actor with so much sarcasm is his acting style Does n't get a shot in a big movie ( mr Tarantino this was the show you should have directed ! instead of that major boring grave danger(c.s.i ) ) Get this show if you can . well worth it ! ! !
1 Intelligent , wry , and thrilling , " The Invisible Man " stood out in 2000 among Sci - Fi 's usual lineup , balancing out " Farscape " 's fantastical art direction and sometimes melodramatic script with gritty , cynical plots and modern noir dialogue . The show sat between " Law and Order " and " Doctor Who " on the believability meter , but there was no denying the fact that " I - Man " 's characters went beyond caricature . Even characters that verged on predictability like the Keeper , the Official , and Eberts were given reprieves from the formulaic . Paul Ben - Victor and Vincent Ventresca had a chemistry that evolved and shifted elegantly , made even more remarkable by the revolving door team of writers and directors . The effects are never allowed to overwhelm the plot , and the science only sometimes verged on the totally unbelievable . The show 's low points are still entertaining , and I 've never seen such taut pilot episodes . Matt Greenberg and Sci - Fi should be commended , and fans have the right to demand a comprehensive DVD edition of the show . Every time I come across a marathon of " Hercules : The Legendary Journeys " on Sci - Fi , I roll my eyes and sigh , mourning the excitement and possibility of science fiction television that " Invisible Man " and its ilk represented .
1 I loved this show from it 's first airing , and I always looked forward to watching each episode every week . The plot , characters , writing , special affects were outstanding ! Then the sci - fi channel screwed up yet again and canceled a very entertaining , well written show . I say bring it back , I know all of the actors would come back . I would suggest buying the DVD 's , I am . I hope the sci - fi channels executives get word of these comments , and realize that they need to be more involved with their viewers . I only watch one show on that channel now , ( Ghost Hunters ) , but I am fairly sure that shortly they will cancel that too .
1 After viewing several episodes of this series , I have come to the conclusion that television producers are completely devoid of any form of originality . Here is an old science fiction standby , ingeniously wrapped in the form of a truly original concept - and still they can only -almost - make it work.<br /><br />The dialog is good ! The male actors are reasonably proficient at their professions . Most of the characters are well drawn , with special kudos to the hero and his more than likeable side - kick . And most of the episode plots come across as palatable . So what could be wrong ? How about the , the female characters and the cosmeticly perfect actresses who are chosen to portray them . < br /><br />The producers insist on portraying the female characters in this - almost good - series , in a manner that makes the end product appear to be a misplaced cheerleader . Why , I ask , why?<br /><br />The episodes all fall flat whenever the female guest star or recurring character comes on screen . These actresses are all totally unbelievable in their roles , and you do n't actually have to see them to know they are incapable of their acting assignments . A blind person could tell . Just listen to them talk . They deliver their dialog with all the drama and effect of a 16 year old at the high school prom . Who would believe these women are Phd scientist , senators , corporate executives and medical doctors?<br /><br />In a nut shell , if the producers have their choice of a Stockard Channing or a Morgan Fairchild , guess who they 'll choose - every time ? And of course , the series suffers for it . Too bad !
1 The Master Blackmailer , based off of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's short story , " the Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton , " is the first feature length Sherlock Holmes story with Jeremy Brett that I have seen . The story is interesting and dark . The film has a somewhat dreary , sad feel to it , but it is quite entertaining ( with some especially funny scenes).<br /><br />*Spoilers * Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson attempt to uncover the identity of an illusive blackmailer who has been ruining some of the most prominent families of England by publishing private letters that will , in one way or another , destroy their lives . They eventually find out that he is Charles Augustus Milverton , an " art dealer , " after the few tragic consequences for victims that could not pay up . Our heroes must next help Lady Eva Blackwell , who must pay a sum that is beyond her means or else her upcoming marriage will most definitely be called off . The scene in which Holmes and Watson burglarize Milverton 's house are intense . Although the film has an essentially happy ending , the tone is sad and regretful.<br /><br />Outstanding performances by Jeremy Brett and Edward Hardwicke ( as usual ) , and Robert Hardy as the notorious villain ( most audiences probably recognize him today as Cornelius Fudge in Harry Potter ) , Serena Gordon as Lady Eva Blackwell , Norma West as Lady Swinstead and Sophie Thomson as Agatha ( the scenes involving her and Holmes are a riot ) . I give it a * * * 1/2 out * * * * * . My only complaint is that there was n't enough Inspector Lestrade . ( I wish they would have added in the scene at the end of the short story where he gives the description of the two burglars , one of which matches Watson . )
1 Jeremy Brett is simply the best Holmes ever , narrowly edging out the great Basil Rathbone of course , and this is probably the best adaptation of a Conon - Doyle short story.<br /><br />A length adaptation includes some new plot strands that fit in well to the surrounding drama and heightens the hatred one feels for Milverton.<br /><br />Excellent performances all round , especially from Robert Hardy , and both Brett and Hardwick fully rounded and comfortable in their roles makes this a superb piece of drama .
1 After seeing Jeremy Brett as Sherlock Holmes , no actor should ever display such conceit as to imagine that he could ever come close to Mr. Brett 's portrayal of " one of the most interesting characters in literature " . Jeremy Brett IS Sherlock Holmes and in my opinion there can be no other . The great actor Basil Rathbone is , I must admit , a close second but , is still second . One might make the argument that Mr. Rathbone 's screenplays were inferior to the absolutely top notch productions afforded Mr. Brett and to this I would agree . However when all is said and done Jeremy Brett will always and forever be the only actor to truly " become " Sherlock Holmes . The book should be closed on this subject and we , the public , left to enjoy Mr . Brett 's unique performances.<br /><br />Bill Rogers < br /><br />(sonarman65@yahoo.com )
1 Doyle had never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM . However , financial considerations made him willing ( in 1901 ) to write THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES , which is still considered his best Holmes ' novel and possibly his best novel . But it was a " memoir " of the great detective , written before his death . Only a greater outcry from his public led Doyle to fully resurrect Holmes in THE ADVENTURE OF THE EMPTY HOUSE , published in 1905.<br /><br />It is not that the new short stories ( and the last novel ) are really bad . Maybe three of the stories are really terrible , but even the terrible ones are very readable . Several of the later ones ( like THE ADVENTURE OF THE SOLITARY CYCLIST ) are really very good . But the unevenness of production ( in particularly after the stories in HIS LAST BOW ( 1917 ) ) become increasingly apparent . He repeats past story lines , and he shows really negative aspects of Holmes . In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE GABLES Holmes shows a sneering sarcasm at a character who is of African ancestry . < br /><br />SPOILER COMING UP:<br /><br />THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON deals with Holmes trying to recover compromising letters from Milverton , a hugely successful blackmailer . It is an interesting example of how Doyle could make a highly readable story with a minimum of plot for there is little real detective work in the tale . Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton regarding the purchase of the letters , but to get them back no matter what ! Milverton proves not only unwilling to consider a smaller amount for the papers but prepared to protect himself from Holmes attempting a search of his person . Later we learn Holmes has gotten into the household of Milverton by romancing a maid while disguised . At the end Holmes goes with Watson to burglarize Milverton 's home . He and Watson are in the house when they find that Milverton is awaiting some new business deal in his study ( someone with information that Milverton can use ) . Carefully hiding , Holmes and Watson watch as a woman comes in , who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from Milverton 's past activities , and who shoots the blackmailer to death . Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton 's collection of compromising documents before fleeing the house , and subsequently discover ( for themselves ) the identity of the woman . The police ( under Lestrade ) do n't discover who the two mysterious men seen running from Milverton 's home are , and they are so disgusted by Milverton 's activities ( they never were able to bring anything home against him ) that it is obvious the murder will never be solved.<br /><br />The tale is not one of the fascinating ones with real detective work involved like THE ADVENTURE OF THE SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE . It is a tale of mood and late action - the issue being will Holmes and Watson get the papers or will they be caught by Milverton ? It is not one of the best stories , but it is in the bulk of the tales as being really well told and interesting.<br /><br />At the time he wrote CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON , Conan Doyle had an experience with the police regarding his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader . An artist was found murdered in his studio in London , and Conan Doyle began writing his opinions about how the killing was committed . Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that the murder did not bare looking into . The victim had been a homosexual , and the police were certain that it was a lover 's spat gone horribly wrong . For the sake of the family of the Victim ( this was in 1905 ) Doyle dropped his interest in the case . So he was aware that sometimes the British police behaved with restraint on matters that did not seem to justify their full probing - as Lestrade 's restraint towards whoever did kill the villainous Milverton in the story.<br /><br />Given the description of the story it could have been told in the normal hour long version of the series . But the teleplay for THE MASTER BLACKMAILER spent some time showing the horrible dilemma Milverton 's victims ( in Victorian / Edwardian England ) faced . We see a promising young aristocratic army officer kill himself when faced with a homosexual exposure because of Milverton 's extravagant demands , all at the start of the teleplay . And it is not only homosexuals . Men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by uncovering illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships . Indeed , in the story , the woman who kills Milverton is avenging the destruction of her husband ( a prominent nobleman ) destroyed by the blackmailer . < br /><br />Milverton is well played at his most poisonous blandness by that fine actor Robert Hardy , who even when confronted by the unexpected furies he has unleashed is totally unperturbed ( he looks like he will just have the angry woman showed out of his home in a moment ) . Brett and Hardwicke do quite well in their Holmes and Watson roles , as to be expected.<br /><br />How serious was the loss of character by rumor or innuendo in 1905 ? In 1898 one of the heroes of the various imperial wars , and the leader of the last victorious charge at the battle of Omdurman that destroyed the Mahdist army ( see FOUR FEATHERS ) was Sir Hector MacDonald . He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly , unexpectedly resigned . Sir Hector returned to London , and shot himself in a hotel while awaiting some sort of hearing . It later came out that " Fighting Mac " , frequently considered the most popular army commander in Britain , had been caught having sleeping arrangements with native boys . Milverton would have eaten him up very quickly ... or his real life counterparts would have .
1 This long episode packs amount of astounding of surprises , thriller , mystery and concerns about a battle of wits of Sherlock against Charles Augustus Milverton , a master blackmailer . This is an excellent overlong runtime of Jeremy Brett - Holmes series . In the film appear usual Holmes 's cannon as Inspector Lestrade and Mrs Hudson , though no Moriarty , however is a greatest villain , Charles Augustus.<br /><br />It 's a genuine ripping yarn with intrigue , thrills , and suspense , including an exciting final twist . This is a particular Sherlock movie but we find to Holmes falling in love with a servant , kissing , crying and even robbing . This time along with the episode ¨Scandal in Boheme¨ with Irene Adler , result to be the only one which Holmes is enamored . Top - notch Brett performance , he alongside Peter Cushing are the best Sherlock TV , while in the cinema is forever Basil Rathbone . Brett performs as a resolutive , headstrong , impetuous sleuth . Here Doctor Watson is n't a comic , botcher , and clumsy pal personified by Nigel Bruce , but is an astute and cunning partner well incarnated by Edward Hardwicke , a perfect counterpoint of Brett . Casting is frankly magnificent , special mention to Robert Hardy as astute nasty . Hardy , today famous by role as Cornelius Fudge in Harry Potter , is a veteran actor with forty years of career and with several success such as , The 10th kingdom and Winston Churchill . Furthermore appear secondaries actors with terrific performances , Nickolas Grace , Sophie Gordon , Serena Gordon , among others . The movie gets a colorful atmosphere , the London streets and 221 Baker Street 's house are well designed . The motion picture is well directed by Peter Hammond , director of various episodes . It 's a must see for the Arthur Conan Doyle fans .
1 Okay , so there is a front view of a Checker taxi , probably late 1930s model . It has the great triangular shaped headlights . There also is a DeSoto cab in this black and white , character driven , almost a musical love gone wrong story.<br /><br />The real pleasure here is the look at 1940s room interiors and fashions and hotel elevators . The hair styles , male and female are gorgeous . If Dolly Parton had Victor Mature 's hair she could have made it big . There is an artist loft that would be the envy of every Andy Warhol wannabe.<br /><br />If you watch this expecting a great Casablanca storyline or Sound of Music oom - pah - pah , you will be disappointed . There is a nice little story beneath the runway model approach in this film.<br /><br />My copy on DVD with another movie for $ 1 was very viewable . The title sequence was cute but not up there with Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World or The Pink Panther . This was an RKO movie but it did not have the nice airplane logo that RKO used to use.<br /><br />I liked Victor Mature in One Million , B.C. , and Sampson and Delilah and especially in Violent Saturday . See if you can find that one . He was wonderful in the comedy with Peter Sellers called Caccia Alla Volpe or After The Fox.<br /><br />Richard Carlson went on to do I Led Three Lives on TV in the early 1950s.<br /><br />Vic Mature was offered the part of Sampson 's father in the remake of Sampson and Delilah . He supposedly was asked if he would have any problems playing the part of the father since he was so well known as Sampson . Victor replied , " If the money is right , I 'll play Sampson 's mother . " < br /><br />Tom Willett
1 Looking for Quo Vadis at my local video store , I found this 1985 version that looked interesting . Wow ! It was amazing ! Very much a Ken Russell kind of film -quirky , stylized , very artistic , and of course " different . " Nero was presented not so much as evil incarnate , but as a wacky , unfulfilled emperor who would rather have had a circus career . He probably wondered why on earth he was put in the position of " leading " an empire -it was n't much fun , and fun is what he longed for . Klause Maria Bandaur had a tremendous time with this role and played it for all it was worth . Yes , Nero persecuted the Christians with a vengeance ; one of many who did so . At one point one of his henchmen murmurs : " No one will ever understand we were simply protecting ourselves . " He got that right .
1 Do NOT judge this production by the 2-hour version that was released on VHS in the US , which is a choppy and incomprehensible mess . I had the pleasure of watching the full - length 6-hour version available on DVD from the UK , and was spellbound . The deliberate pace and growing sense of menace are mesmerizing , as is the amazing visual and aural landscape ; this is an ancient Rome we have never seen before , and far more authentic than most.<br /><br />Director Franco Rossi was justly celebrated for his 1968 mini - series of The Odyssey , and this mini - series is equally powerful . Just as Bekim Fehmiu became the screen 's best Ulysses , so Klaus Maria Brandauer may be the screen 's best Nero . Now , I am hoping someday to see Rossi 's version of The Aeneid ( Eneide ) that was broadcast on Italian TV in 1971.<br /><br />I am undecided which version of QUO VADIS is more powerful , this one or the Polish mini - series from 2001 ; each has different virtues , and in many ways they complement one another . Certainly , either one towers over that Hollywood camp - riot starring Peter Ustinov .
1 Methinks the best screen version of Quo Vadis ? ever made . Well , yeah , the plot is not so strong and evident as in the book , sometimes meandering and loosing its suspense among aesthetic subtleties . But the film is really and beautifully " strange " , has an enigma and style , that other versions - with R.Taylor and the new one from Poland - definitely lack . It has the air of Roman decadence , the beauty of declining paganism and infant Christianity . At least I believe it has ) . Brandauer , Forrest and Syudov did excellent job in portraying their characters . Forrest 's Petronius seems to be the biggest success of the cast ( let alone Brandauer who is the one of the greatest actors ever ) and accumulates the very essence of this dying world ( IMHO ) . That 's it . That is the way it happened , guys ... ) ) ) IMHO
1 Ironically for a play unavailable on film or video for so long , ARMS AND THE MAN has remained fairly constantly available on stage over the years since its debut in 1894 - in no small part because it has aged so well as a solid satire on the nature of heroism and the business of war . Whenever the world sinks into strife , ARMS AND THE MAN seems to soar as ever more timely and relevant.<br /><br />This is the play which Oscar Strauss converted ( leaving out most of Shaw 's best ideas ) into the successful operetta , THE CHOCOLATE SOLDIER ( when Hollywood got to * that , * they left out the last vestiges of Shaw rather than pay him for the rights - he was , by then , an Oscar winner in his own right ) . While the best of Shaw has always been his ideas and his dialogue rather than his bare plots , in ARMS AND THE MAN , the plot sparkles as well and the master manages happy endings for all concerned . < br /><br />Young Raina ( Helena Bonham Carter ) , daughter of an officer and the wealthiest man in her town , is betrothed to a dashing officer in the Bulgarian cavalry and all seems well until a bedraggled Swiss mercenary ( Pip Torrens ) from the other side climbs up her drainpipe fleeing from the battle where his army has been routed . As usual in a Shaw satire , nothing is as it first appears and societal conventions are stood on their head in the light of simple - and not so simple reason . There are no " good guys " or " bad guys , " just people of a variety of classes getting by on the best of their wits - just like life only better - and naturally with Shaw , the wit is finely honed from all concerned.<br /><br />The early ( 1932 ) motion picture version ( from Shaw 's own screenplay ) of this most traditional and traditionally funny of Shaw 's stage satires , and one of his first to make a real hit on this side of the Atlantic , has long been among the missing . Shaw did n't sell the screen - rights to his plays - only licensed them for 5 year periods , and it appeared that with rapidly evolving sound technology making 1932 films look primitive only a few years later , Shaw did not renew the license to show it . Consequently , we 're immensely in the BBC 's debt for finally putting out their 1987 broadcast version in a DVD box with nine other sparkling plays . ( Somewhat sadly , PYGMALION , that many view as Shaw 's best , comes off least well on this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.)<br /><br />Even paired , as it is on its DVD , with the less impressive one act , A MAN OF DESTINY , ARMS AND THE MAN makes for a real treasure.<br /><br />Helena Bonham Carter went on , after cutting her teeth on televised roles like this , to a major film career that will bring many viewers to this early role . They should not be disappointed , for Ms. Carter gives a performance in line with the layered innocence audiences have come to expect from her , but under James Cellan Jones ' somewhat pedestrian direction ( and despite the BBC 's uniformly beautiful and well observed physical production ) , the role 's mischievous fire ( and her outrage at being underestimated in the last act ) is banked at only about 80 % of it 's potential . < br /><br />Much the same can be said of the real star of the piece , Pip Torrens , as Bluntschli the " Switzer . " It 's a fine , appealing performance , but does n't go for the physical comedy implicit in the early scene where the young soldier can barely stay awake despite his mortal peril.<br /><br />These reservations notwithstanding , this is a solid production of a wonderful play transferred to the small screen with aplomb . It deserves to be seen widely and , ideally , prompt an even livelier big screen remake with the style and zest of the recent remake of Wilde 's AN IDEAL HUSBAND . Virtually * any * ARMS AND THE MAN is to be cherished , and with a lot of luck perhaps we 'll even eventually get to see the original 1932 version . ' Till one or the other surfaces , this production will please anyone who loves good Shaw .
1 With few exceptions , most of George Bernard Shaw 's plays have virtually disappeared from the theater these days . Too arch , too talky appears to be the general verdict . This BBC version of one of Shaw 's funniest plays does n't refute that verdict . It is certainly arch and talky , but it is also wonderful . And because of the quality of British theater , it is perfectly cast with actors whom -- with the exception of Helena Bonham Carter -- most of us have probably never heard of . Carter is splendid as the Bulgarian girl who shelters the professional " chocolate soldier " ( Pip Torrens ) and later falls in love with him . One might quarrel with the especially ridiculous interpretation of Sergius ( Patrick Ryecart ) , the Bulgarian cavalry officer who led the charge into the enemy 's lines and succeeded only because the enemy had the wrong ammunition for its machine guns . However , the role invites over - acting and Ryecart was obviously told to over - act . The other players are letter perfect . Carter as the self - dramatizing Bulgarian " aristocrat " and Torrens as the Swiss soldier - of - fortune are at the play 's center , of course , and they are wonderful . Yes , " Arms and the Man " comes across as a filmed play . But you 're unlikely ever to see a Shaw film that does n't betray its origin . The plots are generally clever . However , Shaw is all about the dialog . The action is minimal ( even in St. Joan ) and the sets are immaterial . Enjoy this for what it is .
1 Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth . Arms and the Man , proves that notion to be false . Shaw 's play is full of comedic drama , combining an entertaining plot with true philosophical depth.<br /><br />On one level , Arms and the Man is a successful , and somewhat unique , romantic comedy . The young , melodramatic , and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war ; her fiancé and her father are both military officers . She is shocked , one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier . She rescues him , knowing that she 'll have to keep the incident a secret from her family forever , and the soldier eventually leaves . Of course , once the war is over , that soldier comes back , forcing each of the primary characters to reevaluate their values and their relationships.<br /><br />It is quite interesting how Shaw layers meaning within the rather standard comedic plot . Shaw manages to comment on class constructs , on the absurdity of war , and even on the nature of love . And , of course , he does this with the Shavian wit and within a satisfying plot . There is so much here to think about that I think a lot can be missed in a single viewing . Arms and the Man is excellent comedic theater and is definitely one of Shaw 's best works.<br /><br />"Arms and the Man " is both an amusing and thought - provoking movie that retains its relevance even today , more than a century after it was first conceived . Shaw mocks at the popular theories on war and love and combines a military satire with a taunt on love and family structure . The play has flashing wit , buoyant humor and bitter sarcasms . A good example of Shaw 's dialog is the statement by Captain Bluntschli to Serguis : " I 'm a professional soldier : I fight when I have to , and am very glad to get out of it when I have n't to . You 're only an amateur ; you think fighting is an amusement " . Indeed as a Swiss hotel - keeper 's son , Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in war and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic sentiments . Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the military from both sides of the struggle and in the end shows that the feelings in both camps are not that different.<br /><br />The dialog and sarcasm used towards the common notions of life are entangled with a gentle assurance of the movement of the story towards a fairytale ending . The end where all characters are rendered happy and lovers change and love shifts is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy . This is a movie that sustains its image of possessing a universal appeal and is still appropriate today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically . Shaw 's " Arms and the Man " should maintain its relevance as long as there is love and war .
1 ' Arms and the Man ' is one of Shaw 's funniest plays if handled correctly , and this production does a good enough job . Helena Bonham - Carter , pre - film stardom , is Raina , the daughter of a military family , who has a peacock of a fiancé ( Patrick Ryecart ) , and who shelters a soldier from the enemy ( Pip Torrens ) during a raid on the town.<br /><br />Full of colour and energy , this production rips along at a good pace , and if Bonham - Carter and Patsy Kensit as the maid are outshone a bit by the rest of the cast , they still hold their ground . Kika Markham and Dinsdale Landen as the parents are delightful , and the whole play is generally a happy one.<br /><br />Highly recommended .
1 This could be difficult to for some people to get into , being used to Hollywood production styles . The directing is uninspired , apparently simply a filming of the stage set - up , and the audio quality is bad here and there ( the rustling of people 's clothes occasionally competes with their voices , etc.).<br /><br />My friends and I started watching without knowing what to expect , and the first scene almost put us off . It seemed very stagy and cheesy . Then we picked up on the tone of the content , and really started to enjoy ourselves.<br /><br />It is very funny , despite some corniness . Definitely give it a chance if you appreciate great dialog . Also , Helena Bonham Carter is adorable , of course .
1 The movie has very much the feel of a play right from the start - I think it would make a better play than a movie because the set and dramatization make a movie version seem a bit too artificial . But , still , it 's carried out fairly well , and the story & especially the dialogue are interesting . They 've taken the dialogue pretty much exactly as is from the actual play . Perhaps it 's a good introduction to Shaw 's plays.<br /><br />The main character Raina has her head in the clouds & and a flair for the dramatic , and Helena Bonham Carter 's acting does a good job here . Her fiancé , Serges , is a bit too cartoonish when he is really supposed to be an extremely handsome dashing figure . Her parents are entertaining enough .
1 One of my favorite films for a number of years was " Last Action Hero " ; unfortunately , Arnold Schwarznegger decided to spoil my fun by becoming a corrupt scumbag politician ; so now I ca n't bear any film he may had a hand in.<br /><br />The Adventures of Jake Speed actually toys with some themes similar to those in Last ... Hero ; so I was pleased to find it on DVD , so I could watch these themes played out so well.<br /><br />Despite the " plot - within - the - plot " involving white slavery during an African nation 's civil war , this is not an action movie . The plot that the " plot - within - a - plot " is within , is actually about a question that the film has no intention to resolve : Is Jake Speed a real person that is helping the heroine save her sister from the white - slave trader ; or is he actually a fictional character ( which means that the heroine has somehow entered the universe that really only exists in a series of pulp novels ) ? I suggest that this is not all that clearly defined in the film , and that Wayne Crawford and Andrew Lane are perfectly aware of this . The film thus becomes a presentation of what audiences may want from such a fictional " adventure - story " universe . That 's actually a rich theme , the potential heaviness of which is lightened by the film 's amiable and campy sense of humor.<br /><br />There are weaknesses to the film - primarily it 's cinematography , which makes the film look like a TV show . And the pacing does sag on occasion.<br /><br />But I really like these characters , and I enjoy the adventure they live , however silly . And I just find fascinating the idea that this adventure is actually taking place in a novel.<br /><br />Holds up under multiple viewings -m good show !
1 < br /><br />The first thing I have to say is that I own Jake Speed . I 've seen it at least 10 times . This movie is one of the most fun movies ever made . The film begins with Margaret ( Karen Kopins ) trying to find her sister . Her sister was kidnapped in Paris and the family has heard nothing . Along comes Jake Speed ( Wayne Crawford ) , telling her exactly where her sister is and making an offer to find her . Jake Speed is a hero . He does n't work for money because he just wants to help and have a good adventure . His partner ( Dennis Christopher ) follows him around and writes their adventures into novels . This film is a great adventure . It 's hilarious , it 's action - packed , it 's just great . I guess it 's a cult film with a very small cult following . Crawford is perfect as Jake Speed and throws out some one - liners that you 'll never forget . Kopins and Christopher are also good as the girl and the sidekick , respectively . John Hurt , the guy who 's stomach blew up in Alien , plays the devilish , pervertish villian which just adds to the fun . In many ways , this film is similar to Indiana Jones , in some ways it 's similar to James Bond films . Maybe it should have been called Indiana Bond but whatever it 's title is , it 's a very enjoyable film .
1 This film is harmless escapist fun . Something the recent Tomb Raider film lacked . I ca n't wait to get the DVD . How can people give this a low score and still go and see Titanic without a guilty conscience I do not know . Anything with Karen Kopins in her underwear has got to rate an extra point or two !
1 " Jake Speed " is a fine movie with a wonderful message . It has its flaws of course . At times it 's a little slow . It introduces its villain too far into the story . It 's action is paced at the rate of a snail 's heartbeat . It has a Z - grade cast ( Although I 've always admired the work of Karen Kopins , who has the straight - laced good looks of Sandra Bullock).<br /><br />But with all this going against it , " Jake Speed " really is inspiring , thanks to a charming script by Wayne Crawford(who plays the title role ) and Andrew Lane.<br /><br />Why do I find it so inspiring ? Because it says to me " Hey , why not try to be a good person." < br /><br />The story is essentially a " stranger in a strange land " premise , that is good - and - heroic Jake Speed is placed in the real world where bad things happen to good people . Jake is more than a Boy Scout . He 's more than a knight in shining armor . Jake Speed is the patron saint of optimism in a dirty , mean and evil world.<br /><br />It 's because of this that " Jake Speed " really needed to be a hit . It has a great message that should have gotten out to Hollywood and then to the rest of the world.<br /><br />Imagine a movie industry that really pushed itself to portray good and decent people . I 'm not saying that we should be watching the Waltons in every theater at the cineplex , but that it would be nice if more movies such as " Jake Speed " would get a chance . ( " Due South , " a TV show about a Canadian Mountie , is a good comparison of what can be done to brighten up American entertainment.)<br /><br />Sure , " Jake Speed " has violence , blood and guns , but the overall message is that if you try hard enough to be a good person , you 'll beat the forces of evil every time . 10/14/99
1 I enjoyed this movie as a kid when it came out , and to this day still do . A simple story involving the search for a kidnapped girl and an adventurer literally straight out of paperback lore . It has actors that were more recognizable back in the day . This should n't keep the viewer from giving it a whirl . Wayne Crawford stars as the main character Jake Speed . Sure , it might bite from certain elements of Romancing the Stone , and Indiana Jones . But this movie is done well enough to keep it out of the cellar . I am surprised not too many people know about it . It must have been overshadowed by other movies in the theaters back in ' 86 . I watched it back then on cable TV . It might be hard to find since it 's out of print on both VHS and DVD . I managed to get a DVD from ebay at less than 8 bucks ! Cool flick .
1 Most people ( 36 ) gave this movie a 10 and those who do n't are being too critical or maybe expected something else . This is one of my favorite movies from the 80 's , it grows on you , and has it all . I just got it on DVD and 20 years later it still does not disappoint , having plenty of action , drama , romance , and even comedy . Add to that the great car chases , automatic weapon shootouts and lots of stuff blowing up and you have a fun , edge of your seat experience ! You will even be humming or whistling the main theme song for days after seeing this . < br /><br />You can watch this movie with your wife / gf and you will both enjoy it lots . The premise is that of a paperback book hero , like Doc . Savage , really existing and helping people fight evil so he can write the story is almost true to life here . The actor Jake Speed is also a director , producer and writer of many films . In THIS film Jake Speed ( the character ) is an Indiana Jones adventurer type , he usually uses his head to get out of sticky situations but will sometimes resorts to brute firepower ( yay!,and sheer dumb luck too ! ) . Keep an eye out for his one " James Bond " hi - tech equipment , the ultimate road warrior SUV dropping out of the sky.<br /><br />The heroine is the very beautiful young love interest from the early Jim Carey vampire movie " Once Bitten " and here she is a little older and still a knockout even compared to her teenage blonde little sister.<br /><br />The bad guys are " real bad " men and are the worst lowlife villainous scum you love to hate . The ending is just perfect and can stand alone or invite a sequel , sadly never made - but you can just imagine what would happen next!<br /><br />You have to see this movie just because it will entertain and amuse you and that 's worth the price of a ticket .
1 Ever wonder where the ideas for romance novels and other paper back released come from ? According to ' Jake Speed ' they are based on real people , living out the adventures they write about and publish . This movie is quality family entertainment , moderate amounts of violence , and skimpy clothes at the worst . The language is is also not a problem , and the jokes are funny at all levels . This is a ' Austin Powers ' look at ' Indian Jones ' , without the over - the - top antics of Michael Myers . I highly recommend this film for kids in the 10 to 15 range .
1 I know the film snobs are snorting . But if you 're looking for a surprisingly fun ride through the B - movie jungle , try " Jake Speed".<br /><br />A little thin at times , but its one - liners and the location more then make up for this . John Hurt(God love him ) , seems to be having fun doing his role as the ultra evil white slaver . The nemesis of Crawfords , Jake Speed . He adds a dimension to the film that only a pro like Hurt could provide . Crawford and Dennis Christopher ( Jakes sidekick ) are a good team , although you do wonder why they both put up with each other . However , together both Crawford and Christopher portray a team that is just so much fun that , if you can get over yourself for a moment , you may find yourself acting like a kid again at the situations and the inherent suspense they provide . The delicious Karen Kopins does a great job as the damsel in distress that is more concerned about the motives of her rescuer then her tormentor.<br /><br />I have yet to find a movie that is as much fun without getting preachy , or bogging down the movie by trying too hard . Not every movie has to be the latest " Citizen Kane " . And trust me , Wells was an original . So lets remember that sometimes , movies are for fun . Not social commentary or attempting to sway an audience politically . But just for the sheer fun of being alive and living in a time when our hero 's live in a celluloid dimension .
1 Jake Speed ( 1986 ) was an amusing parody of Indiana Jones and other adventurer films that were popular during the eighties . Wayne Crawford stars as Jake Speed , an adventurer who 's always battling evil doers wherever he goes . With his assistant Desmond Floyd ( Dennis Christopher ) they globe trot looking for some action ( and some decent story lines ) . The duo meet a young woman named Margaret ( Karen Kopins ) who 's sister has been kidnapped by an evil white slaver trader ( John Hurt ) . Can she find and convince Jake and Desmond to help her rescue her sibling?<br /><br />A sappy and cheesy film that does n't pretend to be something that it 's not . I have to give this one a recommendation . That 's if you enjoy movies that like to have fun and for those who do n't take everything at face value.<br /><br />Recommended .
1 Jake Speed is a film that lacks one thing – a charismatic lead . Unfortunately that 's something that really taints the entire movie and it 's a shame because at heart it is an enjoyable action movie with a witty enough script and an interesting , if derivative , premise . Although it 's genesis probably can be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy – the film actually plays a little more like ' Romancing the Stone ' albeit in reverse . It 's not an author of romantic adventure fiction being led on an adventure by a character very much like one of her creations it is an adventure fiction character ( who happens to chronicle his own adventures ) leading an ordinary woman on one of his adventures.<br /><br />When a young woman goes missing in Paris , her sister Margaret ( played by the appealing Karin Kopins ) gets embroiled with pulp hero Jake Speed ( Wayne Crawford ) and his sidekick Dennis ( Dennis Christopher ) who both turn out to be real and very flawed individuals in an adventure that takes them into the heart of a civil war torn African state and ultimately into the clutches of two brothers the deliciously evil Sid ( John Hurt ) and his ridiculously camp sibling Maurice ( Roy London ) . That 's the plot – it 's not labyrinthine and it 's not complicated but the story that it tells does n't require great depth.<br /><br />The action sequences are appealing to begin with and it 's certainly true that the heroic trio are put through their paces ( whether caught in battles between government and rebel forces or being dropped into a pit full of lions ) and there are certainly some quite funny lines . However the film does seem to struggle to find an ending and unfortunately the action sequences that are quite appealing to begin with go nowhere and ultimately become a bit bland and irksome . This , however , may not have been such an issue if it was possible to like Jake Speed but due to Wayne Crawford 's performance it becomes harder to really care what happens . Now I do n't know if he was stretching himself a little thin as he was also the producer and writer of the movie or whether he 's simply not a good actor ( as I have n't seen him in much else ) but he never really convinces as a roguish mixture of Doc Savage , Indiana Jones and Jack Colton.<br /><br />This is a shame because most of the other characters play their roles well – Karen Kopins is funny and convincing and her character shares some nice banter with Jake ( unfortunately it never convinces ) . Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal sidekick and John Hurt plays the part with camp relish – almost as if he were in a sixties episode of Batman . He strides about his few scenes growling in a ridiculous cockney accent putting in a performance that almost belongs in another film . Sid is no Moriarty ( he is presented as Jake 's nemesis from a number of his previous adventures / books ) but he is always fun to watch.<br /><br />Jake Speed tries to channel the same fun B movie spirit as ' Night of the Comet ' ( a film produced by Crawford a few years beforehand ) and almost succeeds but misses – which is a shame because Jake would have been good to watch in a few more adventures and may have been served better by a television series.<br /><br />I would recommend this out of curiosity appeal but ultimately it leaves a bitter taste because most of the elements were there to make something genuinely good .
1 Quite simply the best reality show ever made . The first two seasons ( the only ones that matter ) are on Hulu . I challenge anyone to watch the first three episodes of season 1 and not like it . I guarantee you will finish watching the season . Then I guarantee that you will watch season 2 . < br /><br />Other quick reasons to watch it : 1 . Anderson Cooper is hilarious 2 . The locations in Europe are awesome 3 . The games are mentally challenging 4 . It 's very interactive 5 . In one episode a player responds to another player 's desperate , " I 'm trying as hard as I can ! " with an equally desperate , " Not necessarily . " < br /><br />Can you figure out ... Who Is The Mole ?
1 Honestly , this is the best reality show anyone has ever come up with . In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT . Not only that you 've got to be brave , athletic , cunning , etc . It actually requires skill . Not like some lame - ass shows that are on these days . And yet , they only have two seasons of it ! Bull .. they need to bring this show back ! ! < br /><br />Although , they 'll have a hard time pulling Anderson Cooper away from CNN . He was great.<br /><br />But seriously , it was an amazing show . You never knew who would be going when . And it was so much fun trying to figure out the mole yourself ! It was a show you could actually play yourself if you wanted to!<br /><br />BRING BACK THE MOLE ! ! ! ! BRING BACK THE MOLE ! ! ! !
1 I think a great many viewers missed entirely the fact that this is obviously a parody of western films.<br /><br />This is not a bad movie - it is a clever tongue in cheek take on westerns . I do n't believe this film was taking itself seriously for a moment.<br /><br />What makes this film even more unique is the fact it is centered around 4 strong , beautiful women , two of which are black , one Asian , and a Mexican / Hispanic character.<br /><br />These are n't your usual western women -- they're tough -- they can draw fast and shoot straight.<br /><br />They're so tough even the bartender is shaking when he pours their whiskey.<br /><br />The plot which moves this story along is typical of westerns -- in the vein of " you shot my brother -- so I 'm gon na get you ! " Only in this western , a woman 's sister has been shot and she 's out for vengeance on the gang who did it.<br /><br />So she goes and rounds up her old cronies from her bank robbing days.<br /><br />One of them , Maria , is not really all that interested in avenging Rachel 's sister , but she is motived by the fact there 's gold and jewelry hidden in the town where they 're headed.<br /><br />There are a couple of scenes that do n't quite make sense , not that they interfere that much , they can be ignored , but I wondered why they were there . So the film could use a little tightening , but over all , this is a well made film that has failed to find an audience that recognized what it is.<br /><br />My only disappointment was that the only lesbian in the film is a villain -- of the " heroines " , one is obviously straight , the others sexual orientations are never disclosed.<br /><br />7 Stars
1 The Gang of Roses . " Every rose has its thorns." < br /><br />A mix of old western and hip hop , blended perfectly together . The clothing styles , the scenery , and the plot are all suited to what the director wanted . < br /><br />Plot - in five years , they robbed twenty - seven banks and then vanished without a trace . Now , a small western town is under siege , and one of the first victims is Rachel 's sister . The Rose Gang is ready to ride again . And this time it 's personal.<br /><br />Rachel ( Michael Calhoun ) , Chastity ( Lil ' Kim ) , Maria ( Lisaraye ) , Zang Li ( Marie Matiko ) and Kim ( Stacey Dash ) , five gunslinging women who split up after five years of riding together . When Rachel 's sister is killed , she ends up rounding up her friends once again and riding on a trail of vengeance . < br /><br />A good , muck around version of western . ( If you 've seen Bad Girls , well this is a little bit better in the ways of the female characters).<br /><br />I gave it 10/10 because the characters , plot and scenery made it for me .
1 I disagree with previous comment about this movie . I think it was cute and fun and it carried a good message for young girls like my daughter . You do n't have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool . You can be smart and pretty and classy all at once.<br /><br />I think the cast was good and the story was fine for the target audience . All - in - all my wife , daughter ( 10 ) and I each thought it was a good movie . I certainly recommend it . It also has encouraged my daughter to start reading the original Nancy Drew mysteries which I am sure she will love much as I loved the Hardy Boys . < br /><br />It was a struggle to get her to sleep tonight because she wanted to start reading right away . I ca n't think of a better outcome for that movie than rekindling interest in that classic series .
1 I 'm a 53 year - old college professor . I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter . We all enjoyed the movie . The film is original , witty , fast - paced and totally charming . The plot was easy enough for a 10 year old to follow , but twisty enough to keep an adult interested . I thought Emma Roberts did a superb job and the rest of the cast was just fine . My only criticism is that the Los Angeles sets were not as interesting as they should have been . They were functional , but nothing stood out . On the other hand , make - up , costume , lighting , cinematography , editing and directing were excellent . Altogether , I thought it was a totally enjoyable experience . I am disappointed that the professional critics ( almost all adult males ) savagely attacked the film . Apparently , they have something against films that portray strong , intelligent and independent young women . Their writings reveal more about their own sexist natures than anything about this wonderful family film . I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent .
1 I really enjoyed this movie . I am a single dad with a 17 year old daughter who is smart , athletic and talented . I WISH my girl applied herself so well to solving crimes and helping others ! So for me , perhaps this is PG level Fantasyland . I read many Nancy Drew books in my teen years , long , long ago . Sure THIS character was ably played by Emma Roberts but did NOT resemble the Nancy Drew I recall from the books . That is due to script , not the acting.<br /><br />Emma is an adorable teen , playing a self - confident , industrious and proud character with good manners and good taste . She is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her . There are some weaknesses in the Plot , aside from not resembling the Nancy Drew of the Books , and trying to figure out what decade we 're in . ( like , what is that CAR , Anyway ? ) < br /><br />I read the IMDb overview before seeing the film , as I was researching Rachael Leigh Cook from other movies . This is not one of Her best roles , but I will continue looking for more of her films . Rachael was too old to play this lead , but does a fine job as the grown - up orphan central to the mystery.<br /><br />I am very disappointed in other reviews written here . Some expect perfect connection with the books , some expect more credible situations or adult action film . I got what I expected ! Good entertainment well targeted to young teen girls , And their Fathers who want good kids with high standards of conduct and achievement . This is a Teen PG Movie , not James Bond ! Which would YOU Want for a Role Model for YOUR Teenaged Daughter ?
1 I have read over 100 of the Nancy Drew books , and if you are not bright enough to catch on yet , Nancy Drew the movie was of a YOUNGER Nancy Drew , not the 18-year - old that does n't go to school that all of the books are about . This was when she was sixteen . So naturally , she would of not as been as smart as the one in the book considering she is only in the 10th grade . Other than that , I thought the movie was very cute . It was clean and appropriate for everyone . It was funny at times . I thought Emma Roberts did a great job . She was articulate , in character , and cute . I liked the awkwardness that Nancy and Ned had around each other because they obviously were not old enough to be in a serious relationship like they have in the books . It was a cute , PG movie that I throughly enjoyed because I , unlike most people my age , enjoy movies without sex , drugs , or profanity .
1 OK heres what I say : < br /><br />The movie was excellent . I am a huge Nancy fan and I have read all 1 - 56 original books and I went on to read more . I am now on 96 . Beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have . All clues point to a wonderful movie ! I loved the whole thing . So what Nancy is in current time . She is still old fashioned like she is in the books ! People who have n't read more than 5 books are complaining about the view of Nancy . I have read all of them and I think Emma is perfect and that Nancy was perfect . I found parts of the movie spooky . I loved the exciting car chases and get aways . I loved the clues . I solved the mystery myself ! It was really wonderful . I suggest you go see it since people who have been complaining know nothing of A what a good movie is and B about Nancy Drew . Go see it . It may not be Oscar worthy but its really a good movie .
1 It 's a refreshing breath of air when a movie actually gives you a story line with a beginning , a middle , and a end , a nice , clever mystery , with an appealing heroine for all ages , who wins us over with her wit and charm . Andrew Fleming 's film is indeed a modern marvel , a comeback to the good old reliable storytelling that was the norm in Hollywood . He puts away the over - reliance on special effects that now passes for entertainment and gives us a terrific film , with a very capable young actress , and a talented supporting cast.<br /><br />The film is based on the old books , but it has been given updated enough to put in this century ; however , the props might be different , the heart still is a good mystery , and there is clever one here , one that ties the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth . Emma Roberts is an old fashioned girl , who believes in good behavior and respect for others ; details that are sorely missing from today 's films . She is still good enough to get boys ' attentions but she also knows how present poise and self respect . She earns her medals by working hard and is not afraid to show a little guile when it is needed to achieve her goals.<br /><br />While taking a vacation to California , our heroine is drawn into the mystery of a Hollywood actress who was the victim of foul play ; suddenly she is " visited " by her ghost and this sets off a series of events that might solve the mystery or result in something dreadful for herself . What makes the movie quite entertaining is the little details , as she discovers that her customary world is nothing compared to the California scene , and this is well presented , without resorting to unnecessary vulgar language or anything graphic or overtly sexual . Eventually , the director has enough control to make it all very palatable to all types of audiences , from the young ones to the adults in the audience . It is a movie that deserves to be seen , appreciated , and enjoyed , a film that is rare and delicate , and it 's not afraid to be classified as fun ! Five Stars
1 Usually I do n't really like Emma Roberts so much , but after watching Nancy Drew it kind of changed my mind . The actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny . Most of the time when you watch a mystery movie you can solve it before the middle of the show , but in this movie it 's like you are actually there . The clues have to all fit together until you can finally understand the whole crime . I am still amazed how she found it out . The whole movie was really clever and the people who watched it with me loved the movie too . The clothes were my favorite part of the movie , it was so cute . I do n't think there will be another movie like this until the sequel comes out . I give it a nine because the popular girls did n't really seem to have the part just right , but they still make me laugh . It was a really great movie and a great mystery . I definitely recommend watching it .
1 I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst ... because of everyone else 's bad reviews . I thought : Even though I do n't read the books , that does n't look anything like the Nancy Drew I 've heard of . But I was wrong . Sure , it was n't a carbon copy of the books , but when you make a movie out of something , you have to modify it to become big - screen entertainment . The plot was enjoyable and thrilling with a lot of actual scares and I thought that Emma Roberts was really believable in her own way of portraying this classic character . There were several funny moments and on the contrary of many statements , at no point in this film does Nancy come off as a ditz . She was intelligent , conservative , polite and genuine . One thing this movie also did well was balance the whole thing out with a mix of comedy , romance , suspense and heartfelt moments . I loved this movie . What a flick , what a flick ! And if you are wise and decide to trust me and go see this , be prepared for some SCARY as heck moments because I was , like , freaking out ! Go see it or be a bum - bum and just let other people decide what you think of this movie for you ... a mistake I almost made . I love it , I wanna own this movie ! I love Emma Roberts now , too . She 's like a mini - Bree Van De Kamp from DH . Love it , love it .
1 Look , if I were interested in a Nancy Drew book , what I would do is pick up a book and read it . I 'm not . Ever since I can remember I read people trashing movies because it was n't like the book . I 'm sorry - in the digital age we can no longer watch movies on flip books , however I 'm sure you can still find a few short silent films in book form . When Lord of the Rings came out , people complained . When the third one won an Oscar - " The book was better . " When I watched To Kill a Mockingbird , " the book was better . " Now a bunch of people are upset , yet again , because Nancy Drew was n't like the book . I 'm not saying Nancy Drew is going to win any Oscars - if anything it 'll be one of those Nickelodeon Blimps or Kids Choice Awards . I 'm saying give film a break . It 's film , not paper . As a movie , I found Nancy Drew quite enjoyable - featuring cameos from Bruce Willis and Adam Goldberg ( The Hebrew Hammer ) and supporting roles featuring Tate Donovan ( Jimmy Cooper on the O.C. ) and Rachel Leigh Cook ( She 's All That ) . This is the first time I 've seen Emma Roberts in a movie and , frankly , I enjoy her work more than most of Julia and of Eric 's ; her character stays consistent throughout the film and reacts well with conflict . A lighthearted movie in the spirit of Harriet the Spy is nice now and again.<br /><br />I give it ten stars because I thoroughly enjoyed the movie , would love to see it again , and will probably buy it upon DVD release .
1 Taking old collection of stories poses a challenge for the production team , how can this classic character be brought up to date and make it interesting enough to capture a new audience while stirring memories from her former audience . In my opinion , their mission was accomplished . A must see for young children , pre - teens , teens , and their parents . OK there are a couple scary moments that are resolved in short order , but parents with young children should sit tight , the movie moves on to better things . I am going to go with those astute user reviewers who point out that Emma Roberts provides us with a positive role model for young women , not syrupy about it either . Nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills . A lot to like in here , laughs , does n't take itself too seriously , a real mystery to solve ( one you can figure out yourself as an added bonus , and likable characters . Nancy Drew even makes a good date movie in my opinion .
1 This is one great movie ! I have played all the Nancy Drew games and have read the books , and I never expected the movie to be so exciting and funny ! If you never heard of Nancy Drew , read the first book ( Secret of the Old Clock ) so you can kinda ' get used to Nancy , then you can watch the movie , because in the movie , they do n't really introduce the characters ' names fast . ;) My whole family enjoyed it and the plot was extremely interesting . This is an ultimate come - back from the previous Nancy Drew movies , which the Nancy Drew actor did n't seem to match . This movie is much like Alex Rider : Stormbreaker . It 's so cool ! Nancy Drew lovers , you must watch this !
1 I took my 10-year - old daughter to see Nancy Drew over the weekend and found myself thoroughly entertained . First off , it was clean , and I mean by my standards . The majority of kids ' movies today are full of crude toilet humor and gross - out jokes to elicit cheap laughter from the pre - teen crowd . Nancy Drew is smarter than that , however , and the humor is subtle and clever.<br /><br />The title role is played with a refreshing vivaciousness by Emma Roberts , who is perky and polite without ever becoming annoying . Unlike The Brady Bunch Movie , where the anachronistic characters are jeered and ridiculed , Nancy 's style is treated with respect and dignity . It 's a great moment when the LA " style - conscious " girls with their Paris Hilton streetwalker attire are dismissed by the boutique owner , while Nancy , in her penny loafers and homemade Butterick pattern dress , is embraced . This movie shuns the we - need - to - enlighten - this - wholesome - girl tack so many Hollywood movies take . Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.<br /><br />The mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging . There were several suspenseful moments where my daughter nervously grabbed my arm , but there were no gratuitous shock scenes . It 's all based on tension and mood and is a lot of fun . The supporting cast is good , particularly Marshall Bell as the creepy caretaker . There are some great cameos by Eddie Jemison , Chris Kattan and Bruce Willis and many moments that will make adults smile.<br /><br />This film deserves better ratings than some have given it . Not only was I glad not to be dragged to yet another computer animated film where talking animals burp and pass gas all over the place , but I was also very entertained . Had I been there without a child , I still would 've enjoyed the movie . This is one DVD that will have my daughter 's name on it under the Christmas tree .
1 I 'm probably one of the biggest Nancy Drew fans out there . I 've read every book three times over and I 've played a lot of the Nancy drew games . I Loved this movie . It kept you entertained the whole time you watched it . I went with about 10 of my friends and everyone LOVED it . There were three woman sitting behind us who appeared to be in their late 30 's to early 40 's and I asked them how they liked it , they said they loved it ! So you see it will be an entertainment to all ages . You just have to give it a chance . And it teaches a lesson too , just be yourself even if everyone around you is exactly alike . So overall , this move was great . I 'm going to see it a second time now ! So stop bashing it please . Its a really good movie !
1 I really enjoyed this movie . Most of the reviews have been bad , but most critics think a movie should be like an idea drama . This movie has a little bit of drama , but the rest is just clean fun and very entertaining . Forget about Julia Roberts being a Pretty Woman , Emma Roberts is a beautiful young lady and there is more to her than just that . Emma was so much fun to watch in the role of Nancy Drew . It is good to see a new face . I believe she will go far.<br /><br />Nancy Drew may not be based upon the books , but the story is still good . There is also a good blend of other character actors and supporting actors like Pat Carroll , Barry Bostwick , Rachel Leigh Cook and Chris Kattan - not credited . I 'm surprised Disney did not release this movie . Some people may not like this movie because it does not contain sex , violence , and cursing . This is a good family film which is rare in this day in time . So take your family , see this movie and judge for your self how good it is . I ca n't wait for the sequel .
1 I really liked this movie ! Even though it was n't anything like any of the books it still the that classic Nancy Drew style . I had been seeing a lot of advertisements for this movie and since I was really into the Nancy Drew books I had really high expectations for this movie and they most definitely met those expectations . Pretty much all of the characters were exactly how I pictured them from reading the books . I am really happy that I saw this movie . All of the actors and actresses really acted like they acted like in the book series . Ever since I saw this movie I have wanted to read every single Nancy Drew book there is out there . All of the actors and actresses really got into their characters and it definitely showed when the aired this movie on the big screen . It definitely seemed like all of the actors and actresses were really in the positions that the characters were in I most definitely give this movie a 10 out of 10 .
1 I read all of Nancy Drew as a preteen and collect the books as a grown - up . I loved the effect used at the end ( and a little bit at the beginning ) of the movie where line drawings in the style of the books morphed into scenes from the movie . It was a neat way of pointing out connections between situations in the movie and the books . For example , the scenes with the Oriental antiques dealer were very reminiscent of many scenarios I remember from the books . I thought Ned was perfectly cast , and Emma Roberts was a wonderful 21st century interpretation of Nancy Drew . ( Just like the picture of Betty Crocker , she keeps up with the times ! )
1 Although well past the target audience , I 've always had a soft spot for YA fiction , so , I was naturally intrigued by the return of Nancy Drew to the screen.<br /><br />This is not a bad film . The central mystery involving a long dead actress is presented in straightforward simplistic terms with dashes of jeopardy for the young sleuth . Nancy and her friends never take the threats seriously , so young audience members will not be upset.<br /><br />What I really appreciated from the story was the final results were rather serious and meaningful and Nancy seemed to understand and grow from the experience.<br /><br />Emma Roberts is great as Nancy Drew and hopefully we 'll see her again in another mystery .
1 As a grownup in my mid-40s , I am not even close to any of " Nancy Drew " 's key demographics , but I was pleasantly surprised by the film this afternoon ; so , I could tell , were the pair of sixtyish silver - haired ladies down the row from me . The older man who left the theater just ahead of me specifically praised the film to the 20-ish female usher ( who said she 'd seen the film the previous evening and quite liked it).<br /><br />More to the point , however : In the row just ahead of me , there were nine -- count them , nine -- ten - year - old girls lined up next to each other , passing popcorn and hot dogs and candy back and forth and giggling through the previews.<br /><br />Once the film began , they promptly settled down to watch .... <br /><br /> .... and did n't so much as peep till the closing credits began to roll.<br /><br />This is not a perfect film ; it does n't quite pay off its high school subplots , it 's not quite confident enough of its own tone , and its thugs are just a hair too far over toward critically inept at times . But the adaptation of the source material is essentially respectful , the plot hangs together fairly well , and it treads deftly between the sins of excessive cheesiness and excessive modernization . Last but not least , Emma Roberts carries the movie with startling grace -- Josh Flitter 's superb timing notwithstanding , this is Roberts ' movie , and she pulls it off beautifully . Her Nancy Drew is very much the direct ancestor of Kristen Bell 's Veronica Mars , and the film is also a lineal descendant of Jodie Foster 's early and underrated " Candleshoe".<br /><br />In today 's marketplace , it 's a rarity : a family movie that respects its viewers ' intelligence . As such , it wo n't be to everyone 's taste -- but for what it is , it is the best movie of its kind in decades .
1 To be honest , I had to go see this movie backwards , did n't expect that much , but hey , I was not deceived , I had a good time.<br /><br />I would say this movie is way a fresh breeze , despite some facts that they tried to modernize Nancy Drew , but this made me remember these youth movies of the 60 - 70s from Europe and Quebec , where they manage to have children getting interacting with adults . In this case , a 16 year - old teenager tries to do justice by trying to solve a mystery concerning the death of an actress who died 25 years ago . Anyway , as her dad had business in Hollywood , why not rent a home with a mystery behind doors ? Well , at least Emma Roberts does a great job here . Kinda like the chubby kid , who at first is naively brought to support his sister 's pranks to Nancy , but at the end , found Nancy quite cool enough to stick with her , even with her matters ... <br /><br />Rest of the supporting cast is great , and was happy to see Rachael Leigh Cook in a different role this time : a single mother ( she did it in Family Rescue , but this time , she plays a mature woman ... ) Anyway , do n't dump this , it is fun !
1 If my expectations were n't exceeded , they were certainly met . " Nancy Drew " works both as a mystery and a comedy . It pays homage to the books it was based on and spoofs them at the same time . The movie starts with a close - up on a book shelf and an animated credit sequence resembling illustrations from the books . It then begins lampooning the books immediately . Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize the idea of a teenage girl regularly breaking up crime rings in a small town is ridiculous , so he does n't treat the idea religiously . He pokes fun at Nancy Drew 's ability to do anything , such as ace every class in school , know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side , make a bird house with twelve flying buttresses , and even perform an emergency tracheotomy at a party . Nancy'd always be in perfect style , if she were living in the wholesome 1950 's instead of present day L.A. And she carries around a " sleuth kit " complete with fingerprinting dust , flashlight , compass , and magnifying glass . Preposterous , of course , but I seem to remember the Hardy Boys ' access at any given moment to CSI equipment being a little too convenient as well . And if the perky pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than her literary counterpart , it 's just more comedic exaggeration on the movie 's part.<br /><br />The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously . Nancy and her lawyer father move from their small town to Los Angeles , where Nancy digs into a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new house decades ago . Nancy searches for clues in some pretty practical ways , such as surfing websites like Google and this one and watching old videotapes of the victim 's movies . When she does something more out of the ordinary , you have to admire the girl 's resourcefulness . Emma Roberts , an undeniably cute kid , plays the pint - sized amateur sleuth beautifully . She makes the too - perfect girl completely lovable , if not completely realistic . Tate Donovan is also great as the too - perfect girl 's father , Carson Drew . He 's an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect , and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter as she gets into danger . Less likable is Max Thierot 's take on Ned Nickerson , Nancy 's boyfriend . I much preferred George O'Hanlon Jr. 's portrayal in the 1970 's TV series starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew , in which Ned was a gawky , awkward kid with a little crush on Nancy . The character of Corky ( Josh Flitty ) , a twelve - year old with a crush on Nancy , is much less annoying than Max Thierot 's Ned . Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately cast as Nancy 's gal pals Bess and George , but they only make brief cameos at the beginning of the film.<br /><br />Speaking of cameos , Chris Kattan ( SNL ) , Eddie Jemison ( " Ocean 's 13 " ) , and Bruce Willis all make surprise guest appearances , which just proves you never can guess which movie Bruce Willis will pop up in next.<br /><br />The movie does fail to live up to some potential . It 's mentioned early on that the Drews ' new house is heavily booby - trapped , but Nancy and her father are done with tripping over booby traps a few minutes after that . Also , Nancy describes the cold case she 's about to investigate as a murder taking place at an extravagant party , which should yield plenty of potential murderers , but she only encounter a handful of suspects . And while there 's some moments of real suspense during Nancy 's adventures , the solution to the case comes out of nowhere , and in the end all possible plot threads are tied up too conveniently and who - cares - who - done - it . Ralph Sall 's score adds to the movie 's suspense , but the contemporary teenybopper songs woven into the soundtrack are lame . Still , I really enjoyed this film , and while the movie is aimed primarily at tween girls , people of any age and gender can enjoy it .
1 I really enjoyed this movie . It succeeded in doing something that few movies do now ; it provided family values while entertaining me . Nancy Drew is a heroine for all generations and a role model for young girls to look up to . The little girls I was with throughly enjoyed the movie and kept talking about Nancy as we walked out of the theater . The movie has relatively few problems for families and I do n't think parents will get bored sitting in the theater . No , it wo n't win an Oscar and it did not showcase magnificent special effects or even provide a horribly spooky mystery , but it entertained me and it stood true to the the spirit of the books . I would definitely recommend this movie to anybody with a young girl ( she will love it ! ) or any fan of the books . You will not be disappointed .
1 The kids I took to this movie loved it ( four children , ages 9 to 12 years ; they would have given it 10 stars ) . Emma Roberts was adorable in the title role . ( Expect to see more of this next - generation Roberts in the future . ) After being over exposed to the likes of Britney Spears , Lindsay Lohan , and Paris Hilton , it was refreshing to see a girl who did n't look like she worked the streets . Also enjoyed seeing a supporting cast that included Tate Donovan , Rachel Leigh Cook , Barry Bostwick , and Monica Parker ( with a cameo by Bruce Willis ) . Final takeaway : Cute film.<br /><br />(Note : I did not read the book series , so my comments are based on the merits of the film alone . )
1 Let 's face it ; Nancy Drew was never great literature . It is in the same category as babysitter club , magic tree house , Goosebumps , ABC Mysteries . In fact , it was one of the original formula stories . Nancy is perfect , pretty , thoughtful , " nice " , has no internal conflicts ever ! and never changes . Ned is pretty much the same . The movie was true to that style and I have to say , I liked it . It will never be a great movie , but it had a that same nostalgic flavor that the books held . It had just the right amount of suspense for my children ( 8 and 10 . ) There was almost no offensive language . I liked the push for more conservative dress.<br /><br />Corky was a bit of an annoyance . He was a little out of place on a high school campus . I never quite got why he was there in the first place .
1 This was a great movie ! Even though there was only about 15 people including myself there it was great ! My friend and I laughed a lot . My mom even enjoyed it . There was two middle aged women there and a mid 20 year old there and they seemed to enjoy it . I love the part where Corky and Ned are like both liking Nancy and stuff its cute lol . And when she gets her roadster and Ned is there . Yeah This was a great movie even thought people underestimated it lol . Go See it i bet you 'll enjoy it ! ! I really enjoyed it and so did my friend . < br /><br />People were so tough on this movie and they had n't even seen it . I bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance . They all did a great job in my opinion . But if you have young kids its still appropriate . I will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too .
1 I had heard this movie was good from a lot of my friends that saw it , and they all said it was amazing , so I had very high expectations- and Nancy Drew exceeded those high expectations ! It had funny parts , it kept me entertained with the action and all the dudes trying to kill her , and Emma Roberts was amazing as Nancy Drew . The rest of the cast was very good , also . I would definitely recommend this movie ! ! < br /><br />Nancy : " I wonder why those guys were trying to kill us ? ! " Corky : " Yeah , I was wondering that too . Actually , it 's kinda creeping me out!" < br /><br />Nancy : " I hate when people try to kill me . It 's so rude!" < br /><br />~Nancy Drew
1 I have to say that this was not very exciting but talk about fashion and weird ways to solve a mystery . A little too simple , Nancy Drew ( Emma Roberts ) uses IMDb ... that 's fantastic ! I really liked about that part of the movie ... <br /><br />Corky ( Josh Flitter ) is however extremely hilarious ... and Ned Nickerson ( Max Thieriot ) seemed really hopeless ... he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him ... <br /><br />Alright , this movie is tour and fashion in disguise . Anyhow , I recommend this movie , just for summer fun . Encore Nancy , just for fun . More teen spy movies by Emma Roberts .. Spymate ... remember ? She 's becoming good at this tricky detective work .
1 I think part of the reason this movie was made ... and is aimed at us gamers who actually play all the Nancy Drew PC games . There 's been a lot of movies lately based on video games , and I think this in one of them.<br /><br />So this movie does not follow any book . But it does follow parts of the games . I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out . And the games are from HerInteractive and are for " girls who are n't afraid of a mouse ! " And some of these games actually won Parents ' Choice Gold Awards . They are not only fun but you can actually learn a thing or two while playing.<br /><br />I took two of my step children with me to go see it and they loved it ! The 10 yr . old had started playing her first Nancy Drew game a day before I took her to see the movie , and she was having so much fun playing the game I thought she would enjoy the movie as well . And I was right ... she not only loved this movie but could n't wait to get home to finish her first game and start another one.<br /><br />My other step daughter is only 7 and she also loved the movie but she is still a little to young too play the games yet , but she enjoys watching her sister play at times just to see what 's going on.<br /><br />The games are based for children 10 yrs and older . All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games . For more information on the games just check out HerInterative Nancy Drew games . So personally I thought the movie was pretty good and I will buy it when it comes out on DVD .
1 I really liked this movie ... it was cute . I enjoyed it , but if you did n't , that is your fault . Emma Roberts played a good Nancy Drew , even though she is n't quite like the books . The old fashion outfits are weird when you see them in modern times , but she looks good on them . To me , the rich girls did n't have outfits that made them look rich . I mean , it looks like they got all the clothes -blindfolded- at a garage sale and just decided to put it on all together . All of the outfits were tacky , especially when they wore the penny loafers with their regular outfits . I do not want to make the movie look bad , because it definitely was n't ! Just go to the theater and watch it ! ! ! You will enjoy it !
1 I last read a Nancy Drew book about 20 years ago , so much of my memory of the fictional character is probably faulty . From what I gathered , the books were introduced to me at an era when teenage sleuths were popular to children growing up at the time ( for my case , the 80s and early 90s ) , with Hardy Boys , Famous Five , and of course , " Carolyn Keene " 's Nancy Drew amongst the more famous ones . I still remember those hardcover books with very dated cover illustrations , usually quite heavy ( for a kid ) to lug around , and the thickness of the book perhaps attributed to the fact that the words are printed in large fonts.<br /><br />Well , the character has been given some updates along the way , as I recall my sister 's subsequent Nancy Drew books becoming less thick , of softcover , with updated and a more chic Nancy illustrated on the cover . I ca n't remember if those stories were the same as the old hardcover ones , but I guess these books , being ghostwritten , have their fair share of updating itself for the times.<br /><br />In this Warner Brothers release of Nancy Drew , the character no doubt gets its update to suit the times , but somehow the writers Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen maintained her 50s- ish small town sensibilities , thereby retaining some charm and flavour that erm , folks like me , would appreciate . Her fashion sense , her prim and properness , even some quirky little behaviour traits that makes her , well , Nancy Drew.<br /><br />Her family background remains more or less the same , living with her single parent father Carson Drew ( Tate Donovan ) , who is moving his daughter and himself to the big city for a better job opportunity , and to wean his daughter off sleuthing in the town of River Heights . Mom is but a distant memory , and the housemaid makes a cameo . But what made Nancy Drew work , is the casting of Emma Roberts in the lead role . Niece of her famous aunt Julia , she too possess that sprightly demeanour , that unmistakable red hair and that megawatt smile . Her Nancy Drew , while in the beginning does seem to rub you the wrong way , actually will grow on you . And in almost what I thought could be a discarded scene from Pretty Woman , it had the characters walk into a classy shop with almost opposite reactions.<br /><br />While Dad Carson Drew tries hard to bring Nancy out of her sleuthing environment and to assimilate into normal teenage life , trust Nancy to find themselves living in a house whose owner , a Hollywood type has been , was found murdered under suspicious circumstances . Mystery solving is her comfort food when she finds herself an outcast of the local fraternity , and not before long we 're whisked off along with her on her big screen adventure.<br /><br />There 's nothing too Black Dahlia about the crime and mystery , and instead it 's a pretty straightforward piece for Nancy to solve , in between befriending Corky ( Josh Flitter ) a chubby friend from school , and pacifying jealous boyfriend Ned ( Max Thieriot ) , while hiding the truth of her extra curriculum activities from her dad . The story 's laced with cheesy fun and an oldie sentimentality which charms , and together , it becomes somewhat scooby - doo like . With minimal violence and no big bag gunfights or explosions , this is seriously a genre which is labelled clearly with " chick flick " alert.<br /><br />I guess the movie will generate a new generation of fans , rekindle the memories of old ones , and probably , just probably , might spark a new fashion trend of sporting penny loafers .
1 I was forced to see this because a ) I have an 11 year - old girl and b ) we had shown her the Bonita Granville Nacy Drew movies from the 1930s , which she thoroughly enjoyed . Personally , I did n't think it was as humorous as the 1930s flicks , but on the other hand , it was n't the nauseating piece of intelligence - insulting fluff I feared it would be . It was an inoffensive , mildly entertaining movie . Although I 'm pleased that they did n't try to " upgrade " Nancy to 21st Century " hipness " ( Veronica Mars holds the title as the Modern Nancy Drew ) , I do think that they made her a little too bland , that they did n't do enough to develop Nancy Drew - the movie could have been titled " Jane Doe , Girl Detective " . I have to blame the script : I think each actor did a good job with what they had to work with . I liked Emma Roberts in this role , but they gave her a made - for - TV , not theatrical release , script ...
1 I saw this Documentary at the Cannes Film Festival , in a small 200-seat Cinema at the top of the main building at the Cannes Film Festival.<br /><br />I absolutely was into it . I love the mix of awesomely made fictional scenes . It is amazing set - design . The scenes look really like they were filmed in 1920ies or 1930ies.<br /><br />And the music is so nice.<br /><br />I rate this experience 9/10.<br /><br / > * spoilers ahead * < br /><br />The Documentary tells about awesome Blues - men , with black - and - white old - looking scenes of the black man playing the guitar and singing . It is really amazing . But this also mixes in new bands and that is maybe one thing I might dislike in this Documentary . It is the too abundant use of links to modern rock - bands playing those Blues songs in a modern way . I did n't really appreciate their trashed way of playing such awesome Blues songs . This is the same kind of un - perfect musical taste I found when watching Wim Wenders Buena Vista Social Club.<br /><br />The Documentary was such a standing - ovation at this first screening in the little cinema , that the next day this Documentary was shown for everyone and normal tourists on the beach of the Croisette at the open - air cinema . Though the sand , the quality of the projection and the bad quality of the sound probably made it a difficult experience to enjoy for the thousands of people who were sitting in the sand that night .
1 If you like " Othello , " you 'll love this flick since half the movie revolves around the stage production of the play.<br /><br />The film has a great cast with Signe Hasso and Shelley Winters as the women in Colman 's life while Edmond O'Brien plays the enterprising press agent.<br /><br />A couple of the supporting players I particularly liked were Millard Mitchell as the grizzled reporter who finds an angle and Joe Sawyer , the 1940 's answer to Drew Carey , who plays the cop on the case.<br /><br />Great raw moments in this one with noir realism throughout .
1 Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his mind and sense of identity . After years of playing a wide range of parts , he ca n't remember who he exactly is -- who are his roles and who is the self . And , much more serious , he begins to see and hear his play even in regular everyday life . So , since he 's currently playing in " Othello " , he begins to act jealous and suspicious -- just like the title character . Ultimately , it leads him to the depths of insanity and murder.<br /><br />I saw this film years ago and liked it . I just saw it again and loved it . Now perhaps some of my enthusiasm is because I have always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him -- and for which he earned the Best Actor Oscar . And , looking at the competition that year ( Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN 'S AGREEMENT , John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL , William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA ) , I think Colman was a very good choice , as he stretched from his usual comfort zone and did a much more demanding role.<br /><br />Now I noticed that one reviewer hated this film because they hated Shakespeare -- and this took up about half their review talking about their dislike for him . However , this film is n't really about Shakespeare , and it does n't matter at all if you dislike Shakespeare . I am no huge fan of Shakespeare , but marveled at the small portions of the play that Colman re - enacted -- though , as I said , this is NOT a really movie about Shakespeare . Instead , it 's a wonderful portrait of an actor losing his mind and mixing his stage role with reality . It could have been ANY play , though " Othello " was an excellent choice because of the murder scene -- which gets acted out for real later in the film.<br /><br />Overall , a very clever film due to a lovely script -- with some overtones of Film Noir . Fortunately , the acting was terrific also , as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso , Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien ( who was particularly good -- he played his part just right ) . And , considering the great George Cukor was directing , it 's no wonder it 's a wonderful film from start to finish .
1 When an actor has to play the role of an actor , fictional or factual , the task becomes much more difficult than playing a role . In A Double Life , Ronald Coleman surpassed himself as Anthony John , the tortured double personality . He put into that character all his talent and sincerity . The facial expressions , mannerisms , gait and stance spoke eloquently of what Anthony John was going through while playing Othello on stage . Coleman also did extremely well as a Shakespearean actor in those short scenes as Othello that were part of this gem of a movie . Closups of Coleman 's face as Othello tortured by doubts about the fidelity of Desdemona were in themselves scenes worth watching . Add to that , his character 's off stage desperation and only someone with Coleman 's depth of acting perception can achieve . It was like watching Spenser Tracy as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde , except this double role was much more profound and poignant . Shelly Winters looked so sweet , vulnerable and gorgeous at the same time and added her talent to the movie . It is believed that Ronald Coleman liked his role in this film above all others he played and went on to win the Oscar for Best Actor in 1947 . I would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored .
1 Colman 's performance is aided by the brilliantly written script . The gargantuan Hollywood studios in the 30 's and 40 's were able to copy some of the German expressionistic film elements and incorporate them into Hollywood films . very good use of shadows and light and silhouette . i really liked the scene where colman turns off the light in his dressing room near the beginning of the film , and he starts reciting Othello while his face becomes instantly dark and evil . already the viewer sees the text and the drama of Shakespeare getting a hold of " Tony " and off he goes on his journey of doom . i also enjoyed the dramatic death scene within the play , when he becomes overwrought with emotion and accidentally strangles his costar a little too hard for her to bear . her pleadings " tony stop you 're hurting me " are chilling and suspenseful . you just do n't know if he is going to go over the top and kill her at any moment . the cat and mouse chase to reveal the killer was nicely added 2/3rds of the way through the film to add some faster pacing and to also add to the narrative element of the film . Masterful work from George Cukor . He 's such as skillful director . Excellent film . Too bad they do n't make 'em like they used to ...
1 George Cukor directs a brooding and cynical classic . The distinctive Ronald Coleman is at his best in this piece of Noir about an actor who loses himself in his roles . The acclaimed Anthony John(Colman)has driven his wife Brita(Signe Hasso)away with his highly fueled temper and erratic behavior . But the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences . Things begin to change as John is becoming bored with his career ; he reluctantly agrees to play Othello . He gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man . He begins walking a thin line between illusion and reality and ends up confusing his role with his own life and eventually kills his mistress(Shelley Winters),but has no memory of the dastardly deed.<br /><br />Colman seems faultless in this role . Winters is very impressive as the young woman determined to get away from her squalid life . Also in the cast : Edmond O'Brien , Ray Collins , Joe Sawyer and Whit Bissell .
1 A fondly - remembered melodrama – thanks chiefly to Ronald Colman 's fine Oscar - winning central performance – about an oft - treated theme : the nature of acting and how it can overtake one 's perception of reality . In this case , we have a well - known thespian tackling Shakespeare 's " Othello " , so that the film 's last third delves effectively into the thriller genre – with press agent Edmond O'Brien ( who happens to really be besotted with Colman 's co - star and ex - wife Signe Hasso ) ' investigating ' the actor 's possible involvement in the Desdemona - like strangling of a celebrity - seeking waitress ( a very slim Shelley Winters ) . The theatrical / New York atmosphere of the immediate post - war era is vividly captured by the husband - and - wife screen writing team of Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon and legendary " actor 's director " George Cukor ( all of whom were recognized by the Academy with nominations ) ; incidentally , the film nabbed a second Oscar for Miklos Rozsa 's eclectic score . Colman , forever the suave leading man blessed besides with a velvety voice , does well enough by Shakespeare – gaining conviction the farther his character slips into obsessive jealousy , a murderous rage and , eventually , paranoia ; however , he is not let down by a supporting cast which also includes director Ray Collins , reporter Millard Mitchell , detective Joe Sawyer and coroner Whit Bissell . Though the mid - section is a bit strained , the film makes up for any deficiencies with a remarkably - handled Expressionist denouement .
1 George Cukor directs this high quality story of suspense in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch . Ronald Colman 's performance , which earned him an Oscar , still stands up despite a few overwrought moments – it 's hard to forget his haunted countenance as he struts aimlessly around social functions and tries to find meaning in his life . There are a number of interesting subtexts and Cukor does an excellent job of making them clear without forcing anything too much . The script by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant , mixing the rarified theater world with the seedy world of the streets and comprehensively utilizing elements from Shakespeare 's " King Lear " as a reference to both the film 's main theme of jealousy and Colman 's character 's obsession with identity.<br /><br />Several interesting things about this movie – superficially it could be dismissed as too flippant a treatment of the everyday problems of actors . In other words if the art of acting required such complete sublimation of individuality we would soon have a rash of psycho method actors stalking the streets . But I do n't really think this story 's primary concern is acting or the job / art of acting per se . I think Anthony 's struggles represents a broader existential question , a deeply buried uncertainty about identity . There 's a key , I feel , in his relationship with his ex - wife Britta ( Signe Hasso ) . He says that he never would have or could have become a good actor without her inspiration . And at another point he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her . I 'm not sure what to make of this but it seems important to me , especially because it 's his obsession with her and jealousy of her that ultimately pushes him over the top . Perhaps the implication is that Anthony put himself in danger in the first place by entering into a serious relationship . Marriage implies a " union of the soul " in the traditional conception . It 's unusual that the male and female protagonists are divorced at the beginning of the film . It 's not completely unprecedented ( Hawks ' comedy " His Girl Friday " springs to mind , among others ) , but it is unusual and probably significant , especially in light of the fact that they do not end up resolving their romantic separation . In a way , the film could be implying that jealousy is another form of self - love .
1 Ronald Colman gives a terrific performance as a stage actor who really gets into his work . When he plays Othello on the stage he takes on the persona with dire results . Good film with a great supporting cast . Well worth watching .
1 This was a very well scripted movie . Great fun if you just want a stupid film . Not great production value ( ok , the sound really sucked ) but the performance of Danny Masterson more than makes up for it.<br /><br />Watch this movie and laugh out loud !
1 Excellent writing and wild cast . The tech is poor but it 's obviously very low budget . Looks like they did n't cut the negative but had to release on a video output . In any case one of the most inventive comedies I 've seen lately . The screenwriter in particular is fine .
1 I Caught This Movie On T.V. Last Night And You Know Danny Masterson Was A Pretty Good Actor In The Film , And Its Great To See Him In Something Other Than That 70s Show . The Film Is nt Rated But In My Opinion I Would Rate It ( R ) Just Because Of The Nudity And Plenty Of Adult Content . But All In All I Loved It , I Thought That Dirt 's Wisecracks were pretty funny . Its Just Basically About A Guy Who Has No Job , Girlfriend , Or Money And Eventually Gets A Job As A Private Investigator ( more of a messenger really.)He Gets Framed For The Murder Of A Rock Star And The Rock Stars Girlfriend Is One Of The People That Really Need To Help Him Out . I Give It .... * * * 3 Stars .
1 Unlike another user who said this movie sucked ( and that Olivia Hussey was terrible ) , I disagree.<br /><br />This movie was amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! Olivia Hussey is awesome in everything she 's in ! Yeah she may be older now , because many remember her from Romeo and Juliet , but she 's wonderful ! < br /><br />This story line may be used quite often , but it 's a unique movie and I 'll fight back on anyone who disagrees ! I enjoyed this movie just as much as I have any other Olivia Hussey movie . Olivia 's " my girl " and I love her work.<br /><br />I saw this for the first time on Saturday ( 4/14/07 ) and fell in love with it . Not only because 's it 's an Olivia movie , but because of it 's unique story line and wonderful direction .
1 so yes it is quite nostalgic watching the 1st episode because this is the one episode i definitely remembered . i enjoy watching the first season and yes compared to the action packed shows we have now this show seems lame . but frankly i like the " less violent " part of the show and the story line has more substance than the new ones now . I thought it interesting that Belisario 's Airwolf and JAG have similar theme - the lead actor ( Hawke and Harm ) both are looking for an MIA relative ( brother , father ) . wonder if Robert Belisario 's personal life mimics these 2 shows ' theme.<br /><br />Question - does anyone have pictures of Hawke 's cabin . I love that cabin ( kinda like a dream cabin of mine ) and that is one of the scenes i remember about Airwolf .
1 Airwolf The Movie , A variation on the original 2 part pilot , Yet the movie although shorter , does contain extra footage Unseen in the 2 hour pilot The pilot is much more of a pilot than the movie Where as a pilot movie is normally the same ( 2 parter combined ) But the movie is actually a different edit with extras here and cuts there.<br /><br />Worth a look , even if you have the season 1 DVD set , I 'd still pick up a copy of the " movie " It 's still in some shops like virgin , Woolworths and the likes of mixed media stores , although it generally needs ordering , But it saves needing to buy online ( as many of us still do n't do or trust online shopping ) but if you look around airwolfs in stores < br /><br />Airwolf was truly 1 of the 80 's most under rated shows.<br /><br />A full size Airwolf is currently being re - built for a Helicopter Museum :) Info and work in progress pictures are over at http://Airwolf.org Also with Airwolf Mods for Flashpoint and Flight Sim Games It seams she 's finally here to stay :)
1 I used to watch this show when I was a little girl . Although I do n't remember much about it , I must say that it was a pretty good show . Also , I do n't think I 've seen every episode . However , if you ask me , it was still a good show . I vaguely remember the theme song . Everyone was ideally cast , the costume design was great . The performances were top - grade , too . I just hope some network brings this series back one day so that I 'll be able to see every episode . Before I wrap this up , I 'd like to say that I 'll always remember this show in my memory forever , even though I do n't think I 've seen every episode . Now , in conclusion , when and if this show is ever brought back on the air , I hope that you catch it one day before it goes off the air for good .
1 One of my favorite shows in the 80 's . After the first season , it started going downhill when they decided to add Jean Bruce Scott to the cast . Deborah Pratt was wonderful and it was fun watching her and Ernest Borgnine 's character go at it with each other . The last episode she appeared in was one of my favorites for in the second season . Unfortunately during those days , blacks did not last long on television shows . Some of the episodes in the second season where okay but the third season it was more about the human characters than Airwolf and it was not shown until almost at the end of the show . When it went to USA , it was disgusting ! ! !
1 As a young teenager at the time , Airwolf was compulsory viewing for a generation who wanted their " Cowboys and Indians " to have amazing gadgets and whizz - bang explosions.<br /><br />In many ways , the show was essentially Knight Rider in the skies : similar comic - book technology , a central character who was essentially a loner , and echoing the concept of one man making a difference.<br /><br />But in other , important ways , it was thematically very different from Knight Rider , Street Hawk , The A - Team and other action shows of the time . For one thing , the premise of the series is built not on a desire to help those in need , but by Stringfellow Hawke 's possession of Airwolf for essentially selfish reasons ( as leverage to try to find his MIA brother , St John ) . And then there is the dark edge provided by basing the series firmly in an 80s Cold War context , complete with Soviet espionage and Central American dictators , not to mention the enemy within . Sure , The A - Team constantly referred back to Vietnam and the team 's status as fugitives , but it was generally done with a light touch and was rarely central to the plot itself . With Airwolf , the intrigue was key to the tone and direction of the show - although this was ( ill - advisedly ) diluted as the series went on.<br /><br />With hindsight , the Cold War setting clearly dates the series , many of the stories are creaky and contrived , and much of what Airwolf does is clearly implausible even with today 's technology . But that 's really not the point . Airwolf was rip - roaring fun , it tried to tell interesting stories without relying solely on the big action sequences , and it did n't sugar - coat everything by miraculously ensuring nobody died . Sometimes it failed , but often it succeeded admirably - and on a TV budget to boot.<br /><br />For UK readers , DMAX ( Sky channel 155 ) have just started ( Jan 2008 ) daily re - runs of Airwolf . Set your Sky+ box for this blast from the past - we may even get the re - tooled , re - cast ( and sadly vastly inferior ) fourth season , which to my knowledge has never previously been shown in the UK .
1 Perhaps the most gripping and intelligent of crooked cop movies is Otto Preminger 's ' Where the Sidewalks Ends , ' from a really excellent script by Ben Hecht based on the novel ' Night Cry ' by Frank Rosenberg ... <br /><br />Dana Andrews is the honest , tough New York policeman , always in trouble with his superiors because he likes his own strong - arm methods as much as he detests crooks ... When he hit someone , his knuckles hurt ... And the man he wants to hit is a smooth villain ( Gary Merrill ) who points up the title . ' Why are you always trying to push me in the gutter ? ' he asks Andrews . ' I have as much right on the sidewalk as you.'<br /><br />Dana Andrew 's obsession and neurosis are implanted in his hidden , painful discovery that he is the son of a thief ... His deep hatred of criminals led him to use their own illegal methods to destroy them , and the pursuit of justice became spoiled in private vendetta ... <br /><br />By a twist of irony unique to the film itself , Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney of ' Laura ' are united once more , and Andrews now seems to be playing the same detective a few years later , but no longer the romantic , beaten down by his job , by the cheap crooks ... This time , he goes too far , and accidentally kills a suspect ... The killing is accidental , the victim worthless , yet it is a crime that he knows can break him or send him to jail ... <br /><br />Using his knowledge of police procedure , he covers up his part in the crime , plants false clues , and tries to implicate a gang leader , but can not avoid investigating the case himself ... The double tension of following the larger case through to its conclusion without implicating himself in the murder , is beautifully maintained and the final solution is both logical , satisfying , and in no way a compromise ... <br /><br />The film is one of the best detective films of the 50 's , with curious moral values , also one of Preminger 's best ... < br /><br />Preminger uses a powerful storytelling technique , projecting pretentious camera angles and peculiar touches of the bizarre in order to externalize his suspense in realism ...
1 We 're a long way from LAURA . Once again Otto Preminger directs , Dana Andrews stars as a police detective named Mark , and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who haunts him , but nothing else about WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS resembles everyone 's favorite sophisticated murder mystery . Instead of deliciously quotable dialogue we get gritty , harrowing realism . While the earlier film took place in the ritzy upper echelons of New York society , here we 're in the low - rent district of dark streets , hoodlums , cheap restaurants and crummy flats . Tierney , gorgeous as ever , now works as a department - store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights ( the neighborhood of the " doll " who once got a fox fur out of LAURA 's Mark McPherson ) . This time Andrews is Mark Dixon , an older , sadder , more troubled version of the cool cop in a trench coat . < br /><br />WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a sub - genre of noir , movies about police brutality focusing on cops who ca n't control their violent impulses . Like Kirk Douglas 's character in DETECTIVE STORY , Dixon owes his seething contempt for crooks to his father 's criminal past . Where Douglas is self - righteous and blind to his own faults , Andrews is burdened by repressed guilt and self - loathing . He accidentally kills a suspect and covers up his actions with an attempt to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster ( Gary Merrill ) whom he has been vainly pursuing for years . Instead , a kindly cab driver is suspected because he 's the father of the dead man 's estranged and mistreated wife Morgan ( Gene Tierney ) . Dixon , falling in love with the wife of the man he killed , tries desperately to save her father without giving himself away . < br /><br />Among noir protagonists , Dana Andrews had this distinction : he was incapable of appearing unintelligent . Even when playing an average Joe , as he usually did , he always comes across as unusually sensitive and perceptive ; more than that , his air of being too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted -- and haunting -- quality that was his essence as an actor . He played ordinary guys , cops and soldiers , but always with a tragic undercurrent of seeing and knowing too much . His conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion , guilt , the inability ever to " lighten up . " No other actor could have expressed so well the bottled - up anger , the slow - burning pain , the agonized intelligence of Mark Dixon . He also has a muted tenderness , a muffled warmth and even wry humor that make him heartbreaking . This comes out when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he 's a regular , and for the first time we see this cold , brutal man trading mock insults with the waitress , whose sarcasm ca n't hide her affection and concern for him . When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan 's father , he supplies it even though they recently argued and Dixon threw a punch at him . There are no words about loyalty or knowing he 's a good guy deep down , but we see it all in the man 's anguished silence and his wife 's resignation as she hands over some jewelry to pawn . Dixon 's goodness comes across through other people 's reactions to him as much as through Andrews 's deeply moving performance . < br /><br />Though Dana Andrews was a minor star , he may be the quintessential forties man . He goes through some movies hardly ever taking off his overcoat ; with that boxy , mid - century silhouette , further fortified by the fedora , the glass of bourbon , the cigarette he does n't take out of his mouth when he talks , he looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of toughness and impassivity . While many noirs romanticize the two - fisted tough guy , WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an unflinching portrait of the reality behind the façade , a gripping and melancholy exploration of the roots and consequences of violence.<br /><br />Andrews was sadly underrated in his own time ( he was the only one of the three protagonists in THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES not nominated for an Academy Award , though his low - key performance is far more compelling than Frederic March 's hammy , Oscar - winning drunk ) . Fortunately , Andrews appeared in some films that ensured his immortality , and now at last this little - known film , which contains his best performance , can be seen as part of the marvelous Fox Film Noir set . This series , including a number of never before released titles ( such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES ' HIGHWAY ) , suggests that Twentieth - Century - Fox may have had the finest record of all the major studios when it came to film noir .
1 In Where The Sidewalk Ends , Otto Preminger reunites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney , surely in hopes of recapturing the magic of his Laura . But they 're wildly dissimilar films , set in different strata of New York ( not to mention at opposite poles of the noir universe ) . A fine mist of the Gothic hovers over the upscale Manhattan of Laura , with its erotic obsession and faint whiff of necrophilia ; Where The Sidewalk Ends is pure urban soot and grit befouling a town of basement apartments , steam rooms and parking garages.<br /><br />But it 's every bit as fine a movie as its revered forerunner , and dyed - in - the - wool noir ( Laura , by contrast , one of the clutch of films from 1944 which the French first dubbed ` noir , ' was still very much a sophisticated murder mystery ) . Daylight enters only on very temporary sufferance , and director of photography Joseph LaShelle makes the most of the alleys and brownstones , the docks and the El . This is quintessential big - city - specifically Big Apple - noir , like several others from the bumper crop of 1950 , like Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom.<br /><br />As the movie opens , police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways , particularly his vendetta towards crime boss Gary Merrill ( whom we learn was set up in business by Andrews ' ne'er - do - well father ) . When an out - of - towner is stabbed to death at a floating crap game operated by Merrill , the hair - trigger Andrews roughs up a witness , causing him a fatal crack to the skull ( exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran 's head ) . Realizing that his job 's already on the line , Andrews dumps the body in the river after making it look like the suspect had taken a powder.<br /><br />Of course , that 's far from an end to it . The corpse is discovered , his estranged wife turns out to be Tierney , and all the evidence starts to turn toward her father ( Tom Tully ) , a hack driver who happened not only to have been cruising the same mean streets the night of the murder but to have ample reason to want his abusive son - in - law dead . But the embittered loner Andrews finds in Tierney a summons to his better nature ; he tries to exonerate her father while still keeping his own involvement in the whole sordid business a secret .... <br /><br />Not so epigrammatic as Laura , the script for Where The Sidewalk Ends ( by Ben Hecht ) shows a pungency of its own ( in a second dressing - down , his superior tells Andrews , ` Look at you - all bunged up like a barrelhouse fag').<br /><br />But while Laura spread its attention over half a dozen characters , here Andrews is all but the sole focus ( even Tierney 's role is far less central than her half - spectral Laura ) . And Andrews may never have excelled his performance here . It 's tight - lipped and taciturn , but never more eloquent than when his face is silently registering the anguish to which his own obstinacy has brought him . He 's a pent - up sufferer who can find release only through the safety - valve of violence ( he even lashes out against his loyal partner , Bert Freed ) . To be sure , he finds too swift a road to redemption though the agency of his beautiful co - star . But that was the style of the times , and a sweetened - up ending does little to undermine this New York story of violence , corruption and urban entanglements .
1 Elegance and class are not always the first words that come to mind when folks ( at least folks who might do such a thing ) sit around and talk about film noir . < br /><br />Yet some of the best films of the genre , " Out of the Past , " " The Killers , " " In A Lonely Place , " " Night and the City , " manage a level of sleek sophistication that elevates them beyond a moody catch phrase and its connotations of foreboding shadows , fedoras , and femme - fatales . < br /><br />"Where the Sidewalk Ends , " a fairly difficult to find film -- the only copy in perhaps the best stocked video store in Manhattan was a rough bootleg from the AMC cable channel -- belongs in a category with these classics.<br /><br />From the moment the black cloud of opening credits pass , a curtain is drawing around rogue loner detective Marc Dixon 's crumbling world , and as the moments pass , it inches ever closer , threatening suffocation . < br /><br />Sure , he 's that familiar " cop with a dark past " , but Dana Andrews gives Dixon a bleak stare and troubled intensity that makes you as uncomfortable as he seems . And yeah , he 's been smacking around suspects for too long , and the newly promoted chief ( Karl Malden , in a typically robust and commanding outing ) is warning him " for the last time . " < br /><br />Yet Dixon hates these thugs too much to stop now . And boy did n't they had have it coming ? < br /><br />"Hoods , dusters , mugs , gutter nickel - rats " he spits when that tough nut of a boss demotes him and rolls out all of the complaints the bureau has been receiving about Dixon 's right hook . The advice is for him to cool off for his own good . But instead he takes matters into his own hands . < br /><br />And what a world of trouble he finds when he relies on his instincts , and falls back on a nature that may or may not have been passed down from a generation before . < br /><br />Right away he 's in deep with the cops , the syndicate , his own partner . Dixon 's questionable involvement in a murder " investigation " threatens his job , makes him wonder whether he is simply as base as those he has sworn to bring in . Like Bogart in " Lonely Place , " can he " escape what he is?" < br /><br />When he has nowhere else to turn , he discovers that he has virtually doomed his unexpected relationship with a seraphic beauty ( the marvelous Gene Tierney ) who seems as if she can turn his barren bachelor 's existence into something worth coming home to . < br /><br />The pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping . The group of writers that contributed to the production polished the script to a high gloss -- the dialogue is snappy without disintegrating into dated parody fodder , passionate without becoming melodramatic or sappy . < br /><br />And all of this top - notch direction and acting is n't too slick or buffed to loosen the film 's emotional hold . Gene Tierney 's angelic , soft - focus beauty is used to great effect . She shows herself to be an actress of considerable range , and her gentle , kind nature is as boundless here as is her psychosis in " Leave Her to Heaven . " The scenes between Tierney and Andrews 's Dixon grow more intense and touching the closer he seems to self - destruction . < br /><br />Near the end of his rope , cut , bruised , and exhausted Dixon summarizes his lot : " Innocent people can get into terrible jams , too , .. " he says . " One false move and you 're in over your head . " < br /><br />Perhaps what makes this film so totally compelling is the sense that things could go wildly wrong for almost anyone -- especially for someone who is trying so hard to do right -- with one slight shift in the wind , one wrong decision or punch , or , most frighteningly , due to factors you have no control over . Noir has always reflected the darkest fears , brought them to the surface . " Where the Sidewalk Ends " does so in a realistic fashion . < br /><br />(One nit - pick of an aside : This otherwise sterling film has a glaringly poor dub of a blonde model that would n't seem out of place on Mystery Science Theater . How very odd . ) < br /><br />But Noir fans -- heck , ANY movie fans -- who have n't seen this one are in for a terrific treat .
1 At first glance , it would seem natural to compare Where the Sidewalk Ends with Laura . Both have noirish qualities , both were directed by Otto Preminger , and both star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney . But that 's where most of the comparisons end . Laura dealt with posh , sophisticated people with means who just happen to find themselves mixed - up in a murder . Where the Sidewalk Ends is set in a completely different strata . These are people with barely two nickels to rub together who are more accustomed to seeing the underbelly of society than going to fancy dress parties . Where the Sidewalk ends is a gritty film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or some other weapon . Small - time hoods are a dime - a - dozen and cops routinely beat confessions out of the crooks . Getting caught - up in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing.<br /><br />While I have n't seen his entire body of work , based on what I have seen , Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as the beat - down cop , Det . Sgt . Mark Dixon . He 's the kind of cop who is used to roughing up the local hoods if it gets him information or a confession . One night , he goes too far and accidentally kills a man . He does his best to cover it up . But things get complicated when he falls for the dead man 's wife , Morgan Taylor ( Tierney ) , whose father becomes suspect number one in the murder case . As Morgan 's father means the world to her , Dixon 's got to do what he can to clear the old man without implicating himself.<br /><br />Technically , Where the Sidewalk Ends is outstanding . Besides the terrific performance from Andrews , the movie features the always delightful Tierney . She has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter . The rest of the cast is just as solid with Tom Tully as the wrongly accused father being a real standout . Beyond the acting , the direction , sets , lighting , and cinematography are all top - notch . Overall , it 's an amazingly well made film.<br /><br />If I have one complaint ( and admittedly it 's a very , very minor quibble ) it 's that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surroundings . It 's a little difficult to believe that a woman like that could find herself mixed - up with some of these unsavory characters . It 's not really her fault , it 's just the way Tierney comes across . She seems a little too beautiful , polished , and delicate for the part . But , her gentle , kind , trusting nature add a sense of needed realism to her portrayal .
1 Otto Preminger 's Dana Andrews cycle of films noirs are among the ( largely ) unsung jewels of the genre . Because they lack paranoia , misogyny or hysteria , they may have seemed out of place at the time , but the clear - eyed imagery , the complex play with identity , masculinity and representation , the subversion of traditional psychological tenets , the austere , geometrical style all seem startlingly modern today , and very similar to Melville . The lucid ironies of this film are so loaded , brutal and ironic that the ' happy ' ending is one of the cruellest in Hollywood history . Brilliant on the level of entertaining thriller as well , tense , and packed with double - edged dialogue .
1 I 'm a big fan of fan of film noir , and this film by Otto Preminger easily stands as one of the best that I 've seen ! Preminger has reunited two of his stars from the hit ' Laura ' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews , for an entirely different sort of crime film . Laura was based around love , and this film is based around hate ; as we watch police detective Mark Dixon , a copper already suffering scrutiny from his superiors for his heavy handed tactics , accidentally kill a suspect and try to pin the murder on a known criminal ; a man by the name of Tommy Scalisi . The plot is brilliantly worked , and Preminger excellently balances several plot points ; but it all comes back down to the main moral implication surrounding our main character . The fact that the film is set in the criminal underground means that the plot is given an excellent base to work from , and director Otto Preminger expertly captures the sleazier side of life by showing the main characters gambling , beating one another ( and their women ) , shooting and more - and this also helps to offset the film from the earlier ' Laura ' , which was very much set in upper class society.<br /><br />The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career . Here , we have a character that is difficult to like as he 's so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he 's easy to sympathise with , and that allows the audience the ability to plug into his plight . The character development is well timed , and as we 've follows this character and his motivations throughout the film ; everything makes sense by the end . His co - star is the beautiful Gene Tierney , who is n't given as much to do in this film as she was in Laura ; a film that made Tierney its linchpin . She does well with what she 's got , however , and the lead duo 's chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps to complete every scene she 's in . I ca n't say that this is a better film than the earlier Laura ; that 's a hard act to follow , but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than Preminger 's earlier film . The film also makes a good comparison piece for Laura ; as just about everything in this film is opposite to the 1944 movie , yet it 's all strangely familiar . Highly recommended to all !
1 WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS deserves to be a better known film directed by Otto Preminger , the man who gave the world LAURA . And this time , he 's got the same co - stars : DANA ANDREWS and GENE TIERNEY . It must be said that Tierney here is under - used in what amounts to more of a supporting role while the spotlight goes to Andrews.<br /><br />He plays a tough , hardened cop used to dealing with a bunch of thugs in too vigorous a way until one night he accidentally kills a man in the process of arresting him . When suspicion falls on a cab driver ( TOM TULLY ) , he goes along with the investigation into the murder but starts to feel guilt because he 's in love with the cabbie 's daughter ( GENE TIERNEY ) . Tierney , by the way , looks a little too elegant for the girl she 's playing here and does n't seem to fit into the squalid background elements of the story.<br /><br />The story takes a grim turn as the investigation goes deeper and it 's discovered that the murdered man had a silver plate in his head from his service as a war hero . By the end , it turns into a morality tale with Andrews developing a conscience over his crime.<br /><br />It 's fascinating as film noir with capable performances from a strong supporting cast . A good entry in the field of noir , forcefully directed by Preminger and nicely played by Andrews and Tierney , despite the slight miscasting of her character .
1 Where the Sidewalk Ends ( 1950)<br /><br />Where One Ends , Another Begins < br /><br />This is a prototypical film noir , and as such , pretty flawless , from both style and content points of view . The photography and night settings are first rate ( cinematographer Joseph LaShelle lets the drama ooze in scene after scene ) , and the close - ups on faces pure expressionism . I can watch this kind of film for the visuals alone , even when the actors struggle and the plot stinks . < br /><br />But the acting is first rate here , and the plot features what I consider the core of most noir films , the alienated male lead ( representing the many men returning home to a changed United States after the war and feeling lost themselves ) . In fact , not only is Dana Andrews really convincing as the troubled , loner detective , he has a small but important counterpart in the film , the lead female 's ( first ) husband , an decorated ex - GI fallen onto hard times and booze . The fact the one man kills the other might be of monumental significance , overall-- the regular guy struggling through his inner problems to success while the medal - wearing soldier slips into an accidental death with a silver plate in his head . The woman transitions from one to the other -- we assume they marry and have children as suggested earlier in the movie . Even if this is pushing an interpretation onto it after the fact , we can still see the path of one man with some psychological baggage careening through a crisis to the highest kind of moral order -- turning himself in for a small crime just at the point he has actually gotten away with it.<br /><br />This movie belongs to Andrews . He plays a far more restrained and moving type than Kirk Douglas plays in a similar role in William Wyler 's Detective Story made just one year later , and Andrews certainly is less theatrical . You could easily see both movies side by side for a textbook compare and contrast session . The fact that Andrews as Detective Dixon is morally struggling through it all , and Douglas as Detective McLeod is not , might explain why one man gets his girl and the other does n't . Gene Tierney pulls off a hugely sympathetic , demurring , and ultimately conventional and " pretty " type of woman -- not just a cardboard desirable , but someone you want Dixon to actually marry . < br /><br />The criminal plot is really secondary to the main drama , but is effective enough in its play with types and clichés . The bit parts are kept snappy , the small details ( like the portable craps table ) nice touches , far from the character actors or the glamour of gambling in Casablanca . But then , Curtiz 's great movie is iconic even in the details -- it makes no effort to be subtle and real and penetrating , but instead is sweeping and memorable and inspiring . They come at opposite ends of the war , and represent opposite possibilities for their leading men . Bogart is beginning his active duty , Dixon , and the man Dixon has killed , are all through . Through , thoroughly , but not washed up.<br /><br />It 's no accident that many , possibly most , film noirs have what you would call " happy " endings . The man overcomes his adversaries and transforms his inner self , and the moviegoer , then and now , understands just how beautiful that must feel .
1 Dana Andrews stands " Where the Sidewalk Ends " in this 1950 film that also stars Gene Tierney , Gary Merrill , Karl Malden and Neville Brand . Andrews plays New York City Detective Sgt . Mark Dixon , a cop with a bad temper who has gotten into trouble in the past for beating suspects . When a man is murdered at a gambling club owned by a mobster , Scalise ( Merrill ) , Dixon and his partner go to investigate . Scalise blames the murder on Ken Paine ( Stevens ) , who has now left the club after fighting not only with his wife , Morgan ( Tierney ) but the victim . Dixon thinks the victim won a lot of money and was killed as a result by the mobster 's men . He goes to see Paine and , not realizing he has a plate in his head from the war , knocks him to the floor and inadvertently kills him . Now he must cover up the murder . As a further complication , he falls for Morgan ; her father ( Ken Tully ) , who went to Paine 's apartment after he saw that Paine had hit his daughter , is arrested for the crime.<br /><br />This is a really terrific , gritty noir with some good performances . The ruggedly handsome and weathered Andrews is convincing as a tough yet nervous detective who has to stay one step ahead of his colleagues . The movie reunites him with his fabulous " Laura " costar , Gene Tierney , and she looks lovely as a model with bad taste in men who apparently is used to being roughed up . Little does she know , she 's got another one on her hands . Ken Tully does a terrific job as her father , who protests his innocence despite some damning evidence . Karl Malden is very tough as Dixon 's boss.<br /><br />My only problem with this well - directed , fast - moving and absorbing film is the ending . Pure Hollywood and , putting myself in Tierney 's place , I doubt I would react the same way . A minor criticism for a film written by Ben Hecht and directed by Otto Preminger . I did n't find it as awe - inspiring as " Laura , " but few things in this world are . If you like film noir , this is a must - see .
1 Otto Preminger , completing a noir cycle at Twentieth Century Fox , reunited his " Laura " leads for this stark , gritty detective drama . Dana Andrews again portrays a cop , but this time he 's hardened , cynical and has been accused of police brutality by his superior - " You do n't hate hoods , you liked to beat them up ! " . Mark Dixon ( Andrews ) despises criminals , as his own father was a crook . He does n't want to be " Sandy Dixon 's kid " so he became a policeman , but his methods are harsh and hated.<br /><br />One night , investigating a murder , he unknowingly punches a suspect , Ken Paine ( Craig Stevens ) so hard that it kills him . A shaken Dixon does his best to cover it up , intending to frame a hated thug , Scalise ( Gary Merrill ) for the crime . However , the blame falls on Paine 's father - in - law , Jiggs Taylor ( Tom Tully ) , whose daughter , department store model Morgan Taylor ( Tierney ) is estranged from her husband but keeps getting drawn into his gambling schemes . Paine had slapped his wife , enraging her father , who did show up at his son - in - law 's apartment , but not until Dixon had departed with the body . With no better suspects , Jiggs is arrested and charged.<br /><br />Riddled with guilt , Mark falls for Morgan and offers money for an attorney . He decides to take on Scalise anyway but leaves a letter to be given to the department in the event of his death , confessing everything . In the end , he can not live with the knowledge with what he has done , and he permits the letter to be read by his superior and by Morgan . Despite all the tragic circumstances , Morgan professes her love for Mark and will wait for him.<br /><br />It was great to find this film on DVD , after so many years of televised obscurity . Eddie Mueller , a film noir historian , provides the commentary and does a good job , but I find his assertion that audiences would n't have caught the significance of the casting of the two leads , since " Laura " had been made six years earlier . In that respect , he is mistaken because they had appeared in " The Iron Curtain " two years prior to WTSE and the film was a box - office success.<br /><br />Andrews and Tierney were fabulous together , and Ruth Donnelly is tremendous comic relief as restaurant owner Martha , fanning the flames between the detective and the dame.<br /><br />The night cityscapes give the film an air of menace . Gary Merrill is great as the low - life Scalise , who had a criminal past with Dixon 's dad ( " Your father liked me , " he taunts Mark ) . Karl Malden and a young Neville Brand are terrific also . And Tom Tully is just touching and funny as Morgan 's unjustly accused pop.<br /><br />A watchable film noir with a fantastic cast .
1 Ah , noir . My favourite genre . Otto Preminger 's follow - up to " Laura " is a film noir set in a postwar New York , where corruption and violence run rampant . It stars Dana Andrews as Sergeant Mark Dixon , a detective whose brutal tactics have landed him in hot water with his superiors . < br /><br />When he accidentally kills a murder suspect , Dixon tries to pin the blame on crime boss Tommy Scalese . Dixon is close to achieving his goal when he becomes involved with the dead man 's wife , the beautiful Morgan Taylor . Of course , in typical noir fashion , things quickly go down hill.<br /><br />While the film does nothing interesting camera or narrative wise , it does have a constant tone of dread and gloom . Like most great noirs , it is also wonderfully paced , sucking the viewer in right from the start.<br /><br />Still , like most of Preminger 's workmanlike films , it 's not something I 'd watch again . It lacks the verbal wit of Wilder , the visual flamboyance of Hitchcock or the spatial experimentation of Welles . Like Lang 's later work , " Sidewalk " feels very much a " clone " of what a noir should be , instead of something really artistically genuine . < br /><br />Thematically the film is nothing special . It 's about a cop who finds himself slowly becoming a criminal . In one scene Dixon explains that his father himself was a small time crook , the film flirting with the notion of predestination , but this one scene is as far as Otto goes , or dares to take his ideas.<br /><br />The camera work is likewise disappointing . There 's no intelligence in Otto 's camera . No effort is made to assign the camera to anything . It does n't play with space or architecture or empahsise the step - by - step police procedural . It 's just tripod set ups with the occasional dolly in and out . Meaningless , though most people do n't care about these things . < br /><br />There is , however , one good shot where our hero is trapped in a car full of gangsters ( noir cage ) which itself enters a vehicle - lift ( another cage ) and is taken up into the chief gangster 's lair . Like Lynch 's " Blue Velvet " , Otto retopologizes the film , constantly likens " upstairs " to hell . This works well , but the set design fails to reinforce it . < br /><br />7/10 - Otto seems content to follow the Hawksian mould of what a noir is , rather than toy with the possibilities of where noir can go . Like " Detour " , " Night in the City " , " Scarlet Street " , " In A Lonely Place " , " Act of Violence " , " Bomberang " and " Johnny Eager " , " Where the Sidewalk Ends " is one of those well made second tier film noirs . It 's competent and engaging , but lacks that extra special magic .
1 Director Otto Preminger reunites with his Laura stars Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney in this rough and ready to rumble film noir : Where The Sidewalk Ends . This film is complete with a well - written crime story with interesting characters , unexpected turns , and clever dialogue and an eye - pleasing look with great camera movements and dark and gritty film noir lighting . Dana Andrews stars as Detective Mark Dixon , part mobster and part cop , who has a reputation of being too physically tough with criminals . After one case sees Dixon in search of suspects and answers , he gets far more involved than he wanted . < br /><br />Dana Andrews is terrific in his role - tough and edgy , Andrews ' Dixon is ready to knock any and all off their heels if they get on his bad side . He 's the perfect film noir anti - hero - he 's not very nice all the time , but we still root for him . Gene Tierney does a solid job in her role , as much as it is , being a sweet shoulder for Dixon . There might not be too much to Tierney 's role , but she certainly goes above and beyond what others could do with the role , knocking every member of the audience out with her kind smile , gentle manner , and twinkle in her eye . The supporting cast is n't too bad either - Karl Malden being the most memorable , stepping in and giving a good supporting performance as Lieutenant Thomas . Where The Sidewalk Ends is no Laura , but it is a great film noir filled with great characters , story , and picture .
1 Otto Preminger 's noir classic works almost as a flip - side of LAURA ... while that film was glitzy and features the high fa - luting Clifton Webb , this film is a whole lot seamier . Dana Andrews is a less than good cop who accidentally kills a man only to have it potentially pinned on the father of the girl he loves . Preminger keeps things moving at a brisk clip so that lapses in logic are easily overlooked . Andrews is quite fine ( a lot less wooden than he 's been in the past ) and the stunningly beautiful Gene Tierney is stunningly beautiful ! Creepy Craig Stevens plays the unlucky victim . WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS is a must see and a terrific companion - piece to Preminger 's equally lurid WHIRLPOOL ( also starring Tierney ) .
1 A detective ( Dana Andrews ) with a reputation for violence accidentally kills a suspect in a murder ( Craig Stevens ) and then tries to cover it up . The Otto Preminger directed film has plenty of atmosphere but the story gets watered down when the dead man 's wife ( Gene Tierney ) falls for Andrews . He was doing fairly well digging himself into and out of a big hole , but she was just too much light at the end of the tunnel for a noir film . Gary Merrill is great as Scalese , a crime boss that Andrews is obsessed with bringing down , and the tension between them gives the film its energy and drive , especially a scene in a bath house with Merrill , Andrews , and Neville Brand , and the night time rendezvous outside of Bellevue Hospital , that sets up what ought to have been the film 's conclusion . High marks for atmosphere , Andrews , Merrill , etc ... and the general portrayal of the underworld , though the love angle and the simplistic good cop bad cop elements do n't help its cause .
1 Pretty good film from Preminger ; labyrinthine at times , as it explores sets and locales from various angles and perspectives as if it were a nature film on the denizens of the modern city and how they live . In this sense it is visually and spatially satisfying , as its hero , a good cop with a bad temper , gets into very hot water when he accidentally kills a guy with a plate in his head.<br /><br />Dana Andrews plays the lead as if it were Hamlet , and has never been better . The story may be pure melodrama but Andrews gives it weight , and almost raises it to the level of tragedy . As his girl , Gene Tierney is attractive but unremarkable . Gary Merrill makes for a very interesting villain , with his natural warmth providing a nice contrast to Andrews ' coolness ; his smiling , amiable - seeming bad guy seems to be continually challenging his nemesis by the mere fact of his being emotionally open , as opposed to the tightly wound and moralistic cop who is pursuing him . < br /><br />There are no major surprises in this film , which seems transitional for all concerned . For director Preminger it is a reunion of sorts with his Laura stars , Andrews and Tierney , who were passing their career peaks at around the time the movie was made . The supporting cast ,-- Merrill , Karl Malden , Neville Brand -- are , understandably , more optimistic , as they were all on their way up . Preminger , as serene an observer as ever , lets the events unfold without expressing a strong point of view , as the morally ambiguous ending is somewhat disappointing , for the cat and mouse game between the two antagonists seems larger and more archetypal than any mere movie could contain , much less resolve.<br /><br / >
1 This is a very well - made film , meticulously directed and with some excellent character acting that at times is deeply moving - for example the scene with the loyal but unsophisticated sidekick cop and his wife . The plot is convincingly worked out and exciting . The gangster character is particularly interesting and plays an almost metaphysical role in the life of the hero . It 's made clear that the cops are just as rough and ready as the underworld characters.<br /><br />A couple of slight reservations : I found the ending slightly one - sided as it celebrates the hero 's successful integration into the structure of the police and justice system , which collapses the ambiguity of the police characters which has been maintained up to that point . Also I found the lead female character somewhat weak : little more than a catalyst for the salvation of the hero , all she seems to do is weep and swoon as the tough guys battle it out .
1 The charm of Otto Preminger 's grandiose , visionary film noir is that it has ambiguous intentions , betraying the gloomy essence of the central character , who is still vexed by living in the shadow of his criminal father . Dana Andrews ' driven , vindictive cop is shown as an outsider , irrational and destructive , who maybe can change because he might 've found a good woman to look after him . The troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude . The distressing mood permanently circuited into the latter half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht reverberates in Andrews ' tense performance as Preminger saturates the film in a relevantly prosaic substance of style . We do n't just see and hear the city at night ; we feel it because Preminger lets us see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors of it.<br /><br />Dana Andrews furnishes a complex character unfolded through his streaks of violence and the hatred that always infests him . As the plot develops , he is secretly entangled in situational snares , yet he is renewed by the outward acts that can be seen in the vintage noir protagonist 's visceral facial expressions before he executes them.<br /><br />This reflection of a specific phase in the development of the genre is an engrossing , feral and shady film noir that is set in the double - dealing climate of the underworld , where the hero is so estranged that he is always swelling with rage , and even though he loses his rational resistance , occupational principle , and ethical limits , he 's still a good cop . Preminger just winks at telling a social - conscience drama about a corrupted community within the sprawling cityscape , rather keeping the thriller riding on Andrews ' shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an Oedipal fixation who is becoming disconnected though with the ever - shrinking influences of the law on his side and an undying perception of right and wrong.<br /><br />The production companies in the early 1950s pussed out on the social - problem picture , and rather made " low - budget , low - risk thrillers " such as this , apparently in an attempt to evade the conniptions of conservative critics and social busybodies . But there is an expressionistic matter - of - factness to Preminger 's inimitable approach . He injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as a backdrop for the plot . Each supporting character must pull their own weight by doing something interesting , but none of them are cartoons or depressing comic reliefs . To him , every character thinks they 're the star , as per the straight - from - the - shoulder self - assertion of Karl Malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch counter . It is those who are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney , both anguished by their futile attempts to subdue their emotional intensity --- who do n't want to be .
1 New York police detective Mark Dixon ( Dana Andrews ) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons on a daily basis at the same time as coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life . The strain produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred of criminals , leads him to make serious errors of judgement and to fail to recognise the need for any code of conduct to be adhered to in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law . He has a track record of treating suspects and known criminals with gross brutality and this has brought him into conflict with his superior officers who have censured him for the amount of violence he has regularly used . Dixon can not reconcile these calls for restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals . He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and has been left with a powerful need to live down his father 's reputation and to avoid fulfilling the low expectations that many people have of him as a consequence.<br /><br />When a rich Texan is murdered following an evening 's gambling run by gangster Tommy Scalise ( Gary Merrill ) , Dixon is assigned to the case . Scalise tells Dixon 's superior officer Detective Lieutenant Thomas ( Karl Malden ) that the victim had been accompanied by Ken Paine ( Craig Stevens ) and his wife Morgan ( Gene Tierney ) and that Paine had committed the murder . Dixon goes to Paine 's apartment and questions the suspect who is both inebriated and uncooperative and when Paine punches him , Dixon retaliates and Paine collapses and dies . Dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river . Paine 's wife is questioned and after describing what had happened at Scalise 's place , adds that her father had gone to Paine 's apartment later that night to take issue with him about the fact that she 'd returned home with facial bruising . Paine had previously attacked her on a number of occasions and her father , Jiggs Taylor ( Tom Tully ) , had threatened that if it happened again he would beat Paine up . This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder . Nobody accepts Dixon 's explanation that Scalise had killed the Texan and then had Paine killed to eliminate him as a witness.<br /><br />Dixon continues to make various attempts to get Scalise convicted but eventually realises that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his own role in Paine 's death and the cover up . He does this and also records that he is going alone to confront Scalise so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dixon 's murder . The confrontation with Scalise and the eventual means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption , provide a tense and fitting conclusion to this gritty thriller.<br /><br />Dana Andrews ' strained and preoccupied expressions convey his character 's perpetually troubled nature and his anxieties as he deals with a series of misfortunes which include and follow Paine 's accidental death . Dixon , however , is n't the only one to experience misfortune as Morgan , a successful model loses her job because of all the trouble surrounding her . Her father , who 'd some years earlier been awarded a diploma for assisting the police , unjustly finds himself charged with a crime he did not commit . Ken Paine who 'd been a war hero had experienced unemployment and a loss of self esteem which led to alcoholism and wife beating and Scalise who 'd been set up in business by Dixon 's father also suffers his own misfortunes.<br /><br />"Where The Sidewalk Ends " is a thoroughly engaging tale involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity .
1 ' Where the Sidewalk Ends ( 1950 ) ' opens , appropriately , with Dana Andrews ' and Gene Tierneys ' names inscribed on the sidewalk , as dirty water streams down between the bars of a sewer grate . The sidewalk represents respectability , integrity and morality – only crooks and delinquents walk in the gutter . But even the most honourable of men have a tendency to misstep on occasion , and , when the sidewalk abruptly comes to an end , sometimes it proves impossible to avoid getting one 's shoes wet . Mark Dixon ( Dana Andrews ) was born in the gutter , his father a professional criminal , and has spent his entire life clawing his way back onto the sidewalk , perpetually balanced on the edge of the kerb . As a police detective , Dixon wants nothing more than to display the decency and integrity that his father lacked , but he possesses a mean - streak that he ca n't escape . When his quick temper leaves a murder suspect dead , Dixon finds himself becoming the very father whom he despised , a cheap criminal who 'll cheat and lie to cover up his offence.<br /><br />'Where the Sidewalk Ends ' was the only film to reunite Dana Andrews , Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the superb ' Laura ( 1944 ) , ' though the two films , as far as noir goes , could n't be further apart . Whereas the earlier picture had the strong intimacy of a country - house murder tale , this film is more conventional as a gritty urban police drama . Given her ravishingly memorable performance as Laura Hunt , it 's unfortunate that here Tierney is grossly underused , occupying the typical niche of the pretty , helpless romantic interest { much as she did that same year in Jules Dassin 's ' The Night and the City ( 1950)'}. Andrews , on the other hand , has rarely been better , exhibiting a toughness and unhinged anger that I had n't expected of him . Gary Merrill is suitably smug as the crime boss Scalise , but he does n't seem mean enough for the role , and I think that an actor like Richard Conte ( who played Mr. Brown in ' The Big Combo ( 1955 ) ' ) would have better suited the character ; I had n't realised this , but Conte appeared just one year earlier in Preminger 's ' Whirlpool ( 1949).'<br /><br />The tension , as Dixon attempts to cover up his accidental crime , is absolutely riveting – certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of its era – though I feel that the situation still was n't exploited to its full potential . The taxi driver is the only person who could have decisively identified Dixon as the perpetrator , but Preminger hurriedly skims over the moment when he passes Dixon on the stairs . Had the witness been brought in as Dixon was re - enacting his own movements outside the apartment entrance , we could have had some genuine fireworks . And why , for that matter , could n't the taxi driver 's testimony have immediately absolved Jiggs Taylor ( Tom Tully ) from suspicion of murder ? Niggling inconsistencies such as these tarnish an otherwise excellent screenplay from Ben Hecht , who infuses his gritty criminal underworld with hard - hitting cops and wise - cracking felons . Andrews ' seething and implosive law - enforcer , tormented by rage and remorse , has rarely been done better , at least the equal of Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray 's ' On Dangerous Ground ( 1952 ) . '
1 This is a great example of a rather simple Film Noir story that is handled exceptionally well -- thanks to excellent direction by Otto Preminger as well as some lovely acting performances . Dana Andrews stars as a hot - headed detective who all too often uses his fists instead of his brains . Soon after the film begins , Andrews is being reprimanded for this and is warned that if this continues he 'll be off the force . A bit later , while investigating a crime he 's attacked by a suspect and Andrews is forced to fight to protect himself . This time he does NOT use excessive force but the assailant is killed . Andrews panics and assumes they wo n't believe him so he tries to cover up the death -- though instead an innocent man is ultimately blamed for the crime.<br /><br />There 's a lot more to the film than this -- including a plot involving a slimy villain ( Gary Merrill ) and a love interest for Andrews ( Gene Tierney ) . All in all , this is one of the better examples of the genre -- with great gritty dialog , superb lighting and a simple yet very effective story . This is the way Noir was meant to be .
1 A Turkish Bath sequence in a film noir located in New York in the 50 's , that must be a hint at something ! Something that curiously , in all the previous comments , no one has pointed out , but seems to me essential to the understanding of this movie < br /><br />the Turkish Baths sequence : a back street at night , the entrance of a sleazy sauna , and Scalise wrapped in a sheet , getting his thighs massaged . Steve , the masseur is of the young rough boxer ( Beefcake ! ) type , and another guy , a bodyguard ? finishes dressing up . Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away . We know he has a reputation for roughing up suspects . Good cop but getting out of control easy . Why is it that he hates them so much ? < br /><br />Could it be that he hates himself . This part of himself he inherited from his father ? That dark side that could lead him right at the end of the sidewalk , into the gutter ? What if that dark side lurked within a " closet " ? Remember : whenever Dixon meets Scalise ( 3 times ) , the guy is lying on a bed , and he only has men around him for company ( the irony of the " Girls " poster pinned up on the wall near his bed ! ) .<br /><br />Scalise acts funny : affected manners , cranking his neck arrogantly , defiant , shoving his inhalator ( poppers ? ) into his nostrils each time he talks to Dixon . Dixon , with a vengeance , is bent on pinning down Scalise who seems not to understand : " I never saw a man so full of hate as you . I consider it almost humorous the way you came after me alone . " Four years jumping at me as if I was somebody special ! Why ? " < br /><br />Because Scalise is someone special indeed : he is the direct inheritor of Dixon 's father : " Your father liked me " , " Your father set me up in business " . He stands as Dixon 's criminal brother , his dark side incarnate . And to top it all , he prefers the company of men . Dixon knows it well : " Who killed him ( Paine ) ? You or one of your playmates ? " Playmates ! Notice how each time they meet , Dixon manhandles Scalise : he picks the address - book out of his jacket , slaps his face , punches him . Scalise : " I warn you not to touch me ! " . Dixon 's homophobia is obvious . Or put it different : his unexpressed homosexuality . Dixon , aka Dixon 's kid , is the son of a thief . In reaction to this , he decided to become a cop , a good one , but there is something of the criminal in him , a dark side : he is a violent copper , a murderer , a liar . Besides , he is not married , brings " a dizzy blonde " to his familiar eat - out place every now and then , but nothing else . The waitress scoffing says that he does n't know how to make love to a woman . Dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons . " A hood and a mobster like his old man . Blood will tell " . Finally , in order to achieve redemption , Dixon decides to sacrifice himself : if he gets his alter ego Scalise to kill him , he will free himself from the guilt and free the girl and her father too.<br /><br />The end of the movie brings us back to the opening sequence : Scalise is pushed in the gutter and Dixon deserves the right to walk the sidewalk and wins the love of the dame . He is straight at last.<br /><br />The unspoken theme of the movie could very well be that of a man who in order to cover his repressed feelings , wants to experience a woman 's love ( Jean Douchet)<br /><br />(These notes owe a lot to the film commentary by Jean Douchet in the French DVD edited by CarlottaI
1 A hot - headed cop accidentally kills a murder suspect and then covers up the crime , but must deal with a guilty conscience while he tries to solve a murder case . Andrews and Tierney are reunited with director Preminger in a film noir that is as effective as " Laura , " their earlier collaboration . Andrews is perfectly cast as the earnest cop , a good guy caught up in unfortunate circumstances . The acting is fine all around , including Malden as a tough police captain and Tully as Tierney 's protective father . The screenplay by Hecht , a great and prolific screenwriter , is taut and suspenseful , and Preminger creates a great atmosphere .
1 Dana Andrews is one of those actors that I 've probably seen in a dozen films , but who has never really registered for me . Often stolid , taciturn , playing the same kinds of roles and looking somewhat like the similarly underrated Glenn Ford , he 's an actor that takes some effort to really appreciate ; but once you hit the right film .... <br /><br />And this is it . Preminger 's moody look at New York 's underbelly is as dirty and seedy as just about any 50s noir , and Andrews is in his element as too - tough cop Mark Dixon who just does n't know how to play the game to get ahead : he hates criminals too much to always play by the rules . Early on in the film , he accidentally kills the witness to a murder involving an illegal crap game set up by a mobster who Dixon hates for personal reasons , and he spends the rest of the film trying to cover up his involvement and bring the mobster to his kind of " justice " . Along the way he gets involved with the estranged wife of the man he killed ( Gene Tierney ) and also has to try to get her father off the hook for the murder.<br /><br />Stunningly photographed by Joseph LaShelle , with hard and sparkling dialogue by Ben Hecht and a truly powerful ending with elements of tragedy and found grace in just a minute or two of time , this is another noir for the ages and might be my favorite Preminger film thus far -- it 's every bit as good as the more - heralded Laura .
1 Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews , who were both so memorable in 1944 's " Laura , re - teamed for this excellent 1950 film - noir.<br /><br />An embittered policeman , Andrews as Mark , ca n't get over the fact that his father was a hoodlum who died in a police shootout while trying to break out of jail . As a result of his bitterness , Mark does n't know when to stop using his hands . It 's this inability that leads to the accidental death of a small - time hood.(Craig Stevens)<br /><br />In trying to frame gangster Gary Merrill , Mark unintentionally puts the heat on innocent cab - drive , Tom Tully , who is the father of Gene Tierney , who was separated by Stevens.<br /><br />This is a well - thought out film dealing with the conscience of a basically decent human being.<br /><br />The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music . At least , he finally admits to what he has done .
1 The title sequence shows the credits written on a rain - soaked sidewalk as people trod on it ; music is provided by someone whistling Alfred Newman 's " Street Scene . " Then we meet Det . Sgt . Mark Dixon ( Dana Andrews ) , who always wanted to be something his old man was n't : a guy on the right side of the law . But he 's pretty vicious for a good guy . After several complaints over his roughing people up , his boss , Insp . Nicholas Foley ( Robert F. Simon ) , demotes him . Foley tells him he 's a good man , but needs to get his head on straight and be more like Det . Lt . Thomas ( Karl Malden ) , who has just gotten a promotion.<br /><br />Meanwhile , Tommy Scalise ( Gary Merrill , in a splendidly slimy performance ) has an illegal dice game going and is looking to make a sucker out of the rich Ted Morrison ( Harry Von Zell ) , who was brought in by Ken Paine ( Craig Stevens ) and his beautiful wife Morgan ( Gene Tierney ) . She figures out too late her husband is using her as a decoy , and Paine strikes her when she refuses to play along . The chivalrous Morrison intervenes but Paine knocks him out cold . That seems to be the worst of it , but later it turns out the guy is dead ; and Paine looks guilty.<br /><br />But this wo n't be Paine 's story . Soon Dixon has fallen in love with Morgan—but not before losing his temper again and committing a terrible deed that he tries to cover up . Morgan 's father , a tale - spinning taxi driver ( Tom Tully ) , may take the rap for it . It 's up to Dixon to try to pin the blame on Scalise.<br /><br />Otto Preminger directs a script credited to Ben Hecht and three others from the novel " Night Cry " by William L. Stuart . This is a solid film noir with excellent performances and all the shadowy photography and murky morality we expect from this genre . It holds up until the brightly lit ending , which looks like something the studio had filmed to appease the censors . Of course , the classic noir directed by Preminger and starring Andrews and Tierney is " Laura . " You 'll enjoy this , but you ca n't miss that .
1 The fully rounded character of the principal role of this movie , that of the cop torn up by his past and on a path of self - destruction so clear to the viewer , is unique for its time , 1950 . < br /><br />Along with the haunting music and the well written plot , the film is a prime example of film noir at its best . Close - ups of Dana 's eyes reveal the anguish within , Karl Malden excels as his boss , who brooks no nonsense but also has compassion for those under his command in the precinct . < br /><br />Otto Preminger made this type of movie just about his own . If there is any fault it would be with the breath taking beauty of Gene Tierney who seems oddly out of place with the hardened cop . Their scenes in the cafe , however , are wonderful and ring true . < br /><br />Tom Tully , in the bit part of her father is perfect as is Gary Merrill as the hood . Great lighting and mood setting . The building where the deadly deeds take place highly atmospheric , I love the old woman in the basement . < br /><br />8 out of 10 .
1 " Film noir " is an overused expression when it comes to describing films . Every crime drama seems to be a " noir " . But " Where the Sidewalk Ends " really is a good example of what the genre is all about.<br /><br />Very briefly , an overzealous detective ( Andrews ) accidentally kills a no - goodnik who works for the mobsters . The killing is blamed on the father ( Tom Tully ) of a woman Andrews meets and falls for ( Tierney ) . To save Dad from Old Sparky , Andrews captures the rest of the mob and turns himself in.<br /><br />The morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past . His father was a thief who was killed trying to shoot his way out of jail . But that does n't excuse his actions after he accidentally offs the no - goodnik in self defense . He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident but he hesitates . He 's already in hot water with the department and this could finish his career . Then , at just the wrong moment , the phone rings . It 's Andrews ' partner and Andrews tells him the suspect they 're trailing is n't at home . He hides the body and later disposes of it by slugging a watchman and dumping the body in the river.<br /><br />What motivates a guy to do something so dumb ? Okay . His job was at risk . But now he 's committed multiple felonies . At least I think they must be multiple . I counted obstruction of justice , assault , disposing of a body without a permit , littering , first - degree mopery , and bearing false witness against his neighbor.<br /><br />In the end , we do n't know whether to root for Andrews or not . The suspect did n't deserve to die , true , but it was after all an accident because Andrews did n't know he was a war hero and " had a silver plate in his head . " Maybe it 's that kind of ambiguity that made noir what it was , among other things such as characteristic lighting . If noir involved nothing more than black - and - white photography , murder , criminals , mystery , and suspicious women , then we 'd have to include all the Charlie Chan movies under that rubric.<br /><br />Andrews is pretty good . He 's a kind of Mark MacPherson ( from " Laura " ) gone bitter . He never laughs , and rarely smiles , even when seated across a restaurant table from Gene Tierney , a situation likely to prompt smiles in many men . He has no sense of humor at all . His few wisecracks are put - downs . When he shoves a stoolie into a cab and the stoolie says , " Careful . I almost hit my head , " Andrews ' riposte is , " That 's okay . The cab 's insured . " Andrews could seem kind of wooden at times but this is a role that calls for stubborn and humorless determination and he handles it well . His underplaying is perfect for the part . Little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states . And I guess the director , Otto Preminger , stopped him from pronouncing bullet as " BOO - let " and police as " POE - lice . " Never could make up my mind about Gene Tierney . She does alright in the role of Tom Tully 's daughter , a model , but she 's like Marilyn Monroe in that you ca n't separate the adopted mannerisms from the real personality traits . Did Tierney actually have such an innocent , almost saintly persona ? When she answered the phone at home , did her voice have the same sing - along quality that it has on screen ? Poor Tierney went through some bad psychiatric stuff , before there were any effective meds for bipolar disorder . And Andrews too , nice guy though he appears to have been , slipped into alcoholism before finally recovering and making public service announcements.<br /><br />The DVD commentary by Peter Muller is unpretentious , informed , and sometimes amusing.<br /><br />Anyway , this is a good film as well as a good example of film noir . The good guys are n't all good , although the bad guys are all bad . Maybe that ambiguity is what makes it an adult picture instead of a popcorn movie . For the kiddies , only one shot is fired on screen and nobody 's head explodes . Sorry .
1 Where the Sidewalk Ends is quite a good film - noir crime drama and is shot well in black and white and on location as well.<br /><br />A copper accidentally kills a bloke who is suspected of murder and to protect himself , he covers this up and blames it on another person he does n't like who has committed a lot of crimes in the past . But towards the end , he owns up but not before falling in love with a woman he meets who is the lover of the person he killed ... <br /><br />The cast includes Dana Andrews ( While the City Sleeps , Curse of the Demon ) , Gene Tierney ( Laura , The Ghost and Mrs Muir ) , Gary Merrill ( Mysterious Island ) , Karl Malden ( The Streets of San Francisco , Beyond the Posidon Adventure ) and Craig Stevens ( The Deadly Mantis ) . Good parts from all.<br /><br />Where the Sidewalk Ends is worth checking out if you get the chance . Excellent.<br /><br />Rating : 3 stars out of 5 .
1 The director and two stars of LAURA ( 1944 ) were reteamed for this solid policier : Dana Andrews is the son of a criminal who becomes a cop to cut all ties with the past but can not keep his inherited violent ways in check while interrogating suspects and , one night , he goes too far ; Gene Tierney is the estranged wife of his victim , a decorated war hero who has become involved with the town 's leading racketeer and Andrews ' No . 1 nemesis , Gary Merrill ( who had himself been the protégé of Andrews Snr . ) ! As usual with Preminger , this is a well - crafted movie with a notable opening credits sequence and enlivened by a good cast that also includes Karl Malden ( as Andrews ' incumbent superior ) , Tom Tully ( as Tierney 's motor - mouth taxi driver dad ) and Neville Brand ( as Merrill 's chief thug ) , with notable support also coming from Craig Stevens ( as the slimy , wife - beating victim ) , Bert Freed ( as Andrews ' sympathetic partner ) and Robert F. Nolan ( as Andrews ' stern outgoing superior ) . Having already been warned by the latter to mend his ways or else , Andrews panics and impersonates Stevens for a couple of hours following his murder to put the police on the ( in this case ) wrong tracks of Merrill ; however , after Tully becomes the prime suspect ( by which time Andrews and Tierney are romantically involved ) , the cop goes by himself in Merrill 's lair fully intending to get bumped off and ' frame ' the racketeer for his own murder ! Clearly , the protagonist is a complex character and Andrews rises to the challenge with a first - rate characterization that is typically complemented by the in - house Fox noir style .
1 Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that dives deep into the world of one of the most under - appreciated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta could capture . Everything from the structure , to the players , to the amazing stock footage , to even the style in which this was filmed only reinforced the beauty and power behind the sport of surfing . Of all the surfing films that I have seen ( Endless Summer , Billabong Odyssey , and Step Into Liquid ) this was the most consistent and relevant . Beginning with the early ages of surfing ( a brief history lesson ) lasting all the way till Laird 's infamous ride , Riding Giants goes further into the mind , heart , and soul of the sport than any of these other documentaries . How does it do this ? By giving us the whole story , from start to finish , without fictionalizing or jig jagging from wave to wave.<br /><br />To begin this film was structurally sound . In the other films that I have seen about surfing , you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person , wave to wave , event to event , without any knowledge of why or who ? In Riding Giants , we have a very small cast of veterans and newbies . This allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one . Also , instead of just riding waves , we are handed more history and more personal insight to the world than before . This is what really attracted me to this film . I was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves ( because it is a big wave movie ) , we listen to stories and see first hand what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves . I loved the information about the " beach bums " or father 's of surfing . I am still floored by the amazing tales of Greg Noll and his early adventures into the harsh deep blue . Then , to see him in person , talking about what was going on in his mind , only added more fuel to the fire . The straightforward structure that Peralta followed allowed me to follow and walk away with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the earlier films . Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can not help but be amazed by what these brave people have done , and where the sport is going.<br /><br />Add to a immaculate structure some intense and creative cinematography , and you have darn near perfect film . Using techniques that I last saw in The Kid Stays in the Picture , Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost feel as if they are jumping out of the screen . While it is n't 3D , it is that flat dimensional feeling that you get when you put two pictures on top of each other . In this film , it worked . It created more depth to the scenes , and really added to not just the shock value ( man these waves were huge ) , but also the danger that these guys constantly faced . If it broke differently or they maneuvered wrong , these waves would kill them . Some did die , but it did n't stop the sport . It only created more excitement and more passion to do better . It is this love of the ocean and sport that leads me to my final point.<br /><br />The human element . So many of my earlier adventures in the world of surfing documentaries left me with beautiful waves , but very little about the people . The films knew that people were watching for the waves , so it would basically go from wave to wave to wave and the maybe a short second about the person . This film was the direct opposite . Peralta created this masterpiece by still giving us the waves , but devoting so much more attention onto the surfers and the immortal question of why they do this everyday . What rushes through their minds , what pushes them to go further , and the bonds that are formed while out there on the wild blue yonder . I felt like after watching this film that I not only knew more about big wave surfing , but also about the emotional side to the sport . This was an element not as developed in the other films and pushed Riding Giants to a whole new personal level.<br /><br />Overall , this film was brilliant . Never have I witnessed so much passion , devotion , and love wrapped in a structurally sound film . From beginning to end , I was impressed . I would be very happy if this film won the Oscar this year for Best Documentary , and to see a new rebirth in the surfing world and open more doors for films of this nature.<br /><br />Grade : * * * * * out of * * * * *
1 Wow ! Stacy Peralta has followed up Dogtown and Z - Boys with an equally stunning documentary about the history of the big - wave surfing culture in America . Piecing together insider archival footage along with interviews from surfing legends , we are transported into the daring and free - spirited life of the early pioneers whose sheer passion for the sport spawned an industry that today touches the lives of millions.<br /><br />It 's getting to know these icons and their stories that gives the film its warmth . You can feel the respect Peralta has for this group as we hear accounts of Greg Noll striding from a pack of awestruck fellow surfers on the beach to singularly challenge 50-foot swells off Hawaii 's North Coast . Or Jeff Clark , surfing the outrageously dangerous Maverick off the northern California coast all alone for 15 years before it was discovered and became the surfing destination in California . And the storybook history of Laird Hamilton , today 's surfing icon . Hearing Greg Noll reverently refer to Hamilton as the best surfer ever sent chills up my spine.<br /><br />(As an aside , Noll , Clark and others were at the Sundance screenings . Noll humbly described himself as an old , over - the - hill surfer . He was deeply moved by the audience reception of him and film . Both he and Clark were as likable in person as they were in the film.)<br /><br />Riding Giants pays homage to these extraordinary athletes while at the same time rewarding us with an insight into the magnitude and terrifying power of the waves they seek to conquer , the gut - wrenching vertical drops required to get into them , and the almost unfathomable combination of adrenaline and fear that the surfers experience each time they take on a monster swell.<br /><br />All this , and the movie has more . For those of us that did n't live in California in the 60 's , we get an insight into the impact of surfing on American pop culture . ( And , to my surprise , the impact of the movie Gidget on surfing ! ) Peralta also weaves in a primer on some of the technical aspects of the sport and the history of innovation in equipment . I 'm not a surfer , but like the rest of the Sundance audience , I was absolutely captivated by this film . Peralta is staking his claim as the Big Kahuna of American documentaries .
1 Riding Giants is an incredible documentary detailing the history and stories of three influential big - wave surfers , Gregg Noll , Jeff Clark , and Laird Hamilton . Stacy Peralta did an amazing job taking on the role of director and should be congratulated for doing such a brilliant job . The structure of the film is edited brilliantly and works perfectly with the narration , interviews , animation and surfing footage . The music soundtrack just adds to the overall satisfaction of watching this film , making Riding Giants brilliant viewing . Personal highlights include any of Greg Noll 's comments , what with his straight - to - the - point frankness , Laird Hamilton 's footage at Teahupoo , and the out - takes at the end of the movie . But really this entire film is one big , recommended highlight that comes highly recommended if you have the opportunity to see . It 's a shame it is n't more well known , but it is a gem deserving of attention . 10/10
1 There 's been a spate of recent surfing movies that I seem to haphazardly run across without advance warning . I caught this treasure on digital cable this week and what a pleasant surprise it was ! The focus is on the pioneers of big wave surfing from the 60 's Greg Noll to our current Laird Hamilton , from Waimea Bay to Mavericks to Jaws . Hell , I could watch a movie just about Laird Hamilton - one of this generation 's great athletes - so the rest is just gravy . There 's loads of good surfing mixed in with interviews of past and present surfing stars , in pleasant , relaxed and unpretentious fashion . Of all the surfing movies I 've seen this tells the big - wave story the best , and I think it 's my favorite . Enjoy !
1 This was the best documentary I 've ever seen ! ! I just saw Lords of Dogtown and wanted to know more about Stacy Peralta , and was surprised and happy to find out this was one of his films as well . Great Job Stacy ! I was kicking back at work last week , bored O*&^%less and this movie came on . Growing up in Orange County in the 80 's I surfed up and down the local beaches and so did my dad when he was a teenager . I grew up at the beach , my parents took me every weekend , I body surfed , boogeyboarded then moved up from there . This movie just captivated me . It was way before my time but it was awesome to see what these guys went through .. TRUE PIONEERS ! This movie is a collectors item .
1 I rate this 10 out of 10 . Why?<br /><br / > * It offers insight into something I barely understand - the surfers surf because it 's all they want to do ; Nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing ; Nor is it a temporary thing - it 's a lifetime for these guys * Buried in the movie is a great history of surfing ; I have never surfed , but I love surfing movies , and have seen many . None taught me what this movie did * The movie was very well edited . It flowed well . The interviews were outstanding * It 's interesting from start to finish < br /><br />In summary , it 's about as good as a documentary as I have seen , so I have to rate in terms of that . So 10/10
1 I used to write comments at IMDb , but I do n't do so anymore . It happens that IMDb has become massive , and consequently subjectiveness has ruined scores . What do I mean ? That anyone that is not particularly fond of movies and does n't have any expertise on the subject , watches some crap ( or the opposite ) , and in case he likes it , delivers a 10 , and if he does n't he goes for a 1 . This of course , can not measure anything correctly . Now for the film . I truly regret ever having delivered any 10s to some very few films , because then I must score this one with 12 or 13 , which is not possible . This documentary has something that I do n't expect to watch ever again in my whole life in any other film . It is simply mesmerizing , and it 's not just a way of saying ; it really is . The last 25 minutes have a load of energy , visual rejoice and wisdom -the words spoken by the starring guys- , that really ... there 's no possible match . I do n't keep movies , rarely would I find any sense in doing so , but this one is the kind of film you should buy and keep , and watch from time to time , maybe 10 or 20 times as years go by . I got nothing more to say . This is a genuine , objective 10 for me .
1 If you have seen Dogtown and Z - Boys or have any interest in seeing the real , non - caricature , " Real American " side of America then Riding Giants will hit deeper than anything you 've seen before.<br /><br />This film is " unreal " , a facile term if ever there was one , but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100 % factual documentary , but with all the drama of an opera , and the completely apparent sense of love , expert and knowing instilled by Stacy Peralta 's direction and narration , this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.<br /><br />This film is a symphony , crafted as well as Beethovens 9th , beginning beautifully with its prelude in Hawaii , tugging deeply on human emotion in Santa Cruz and finishing with uproar , triumph and crescendo in Laird Hamiltons feats , again in Hawaii.<br /><br />Like classical music ; like Beethoven 's 9th , Ride of the Valkyries or Barbers Adagio for Strings , this may be the only piece you like , but it 's worth it . Trust me .
1 I stumbled upon this movie on cable and was totally hooked . The story of a group of surfers who ride the big waves , waves that are monstrously huge , waves that would make any rational person run away in terror is a one that manages to be spectacular and make you understand why people spend their lives chasing waves . There is nothing special about the film , other than it brings together some very interesting people who are are in love with what they do and lets them talk . Sure there are scenes of them surfing , but what makes this movie so special is the people . Here are a bunch of guys who are so enthusiastic about what they do that it crosses over to the people watching . Half way into this movie you 'll want to go off and learn to surf as well . Few documentaries have ever managed to covey the passion that these people have and its the films ability to make us feel it that makes this a great film . See it .
1 I realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title . This movie is not primarily about the act of " riding giants , " but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport , RIDING giants , to change the emphasis.<br /><br />In my teens I lived a block from the Wedge , one of the hardest - breaking and best bodysurfing spots in the world . I 've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf , and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions . That experience is why I am in complete awe of the surfers in this film . The idea that Jeff Clark , to all appearances a normal mortal , could get away with riding Maverick 's BY HIMSELF for over a decade is beyond my grasp . The first safety rule of any water sport is " Never surf / dive / swim by yourself . " He went where sane people would not , and lived to tell about it . I would n't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left . < br /><br />In the world of warm water : the first shot of the waves at Jaws always makes the skin tingle over my entire body . These are not just scary waves , these are uncontrolled - bowel - evacuation waves . When we see Laird Hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves ( I can hardly type those numbers ) , but actually working the faces like a fun day at Rincon , I 'm blown away . There is a dedication and focus in big - wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world . < br /><br />This a great film . I gave it a 9 instead of a 10 only because it neglects to mention that there are great big - wave riders in the world outside the Hamilton / Kalama crew , and I think they deserved mention . Splice in Ken Bradshaw at outside Log Cabins and a 10 it is !
1 Again Stacy Peralta is true first to the people who lived the story . By letting those involved in the genesis of big wave surfing tell us their stories , how it felt and what they thought , you get the feeling of having been there . The film carries you from the fifties to the near present by focusing on three primary architects contributing to the evolution and development of the sport . Candid " home movie " like videos of themselves and their contemporaries take you further into their world . The layers of music , culture , technical information , a pure view of the participant 's athleticism , and fabulous big wave images you get a full scope perspective of this aspect of surfing.<br /><br />Thoroughly worth watching .
1 Noll 's comfortable way of rolling out blunt comments , often with expletives , to describe things that he is more knowledgeable about than most is quite refreshing . There is one other character in the film that constantly tries to verbalize complicated issues , using more language than necessary . This guy should never have been given a Thesaurus . Cut to Noll and you know you 're in for a treat!<br /><br />The way the pioneers of big wave surfing are portrayed is very evocative of a " lost era " . Nevermind the fact that no one knows how these guys made a living , much less took care of issues like medical care . The use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done .
1 As a popular sport , surfing was liked by many people . Just after watched the documentary , I realized how dangerous it could be . In fact the surfers also scared of big waves . Even somebody got killed by it . But they still kept on surfing and enjoyed themselves . Only brave people can do it.<br /><br />According to what the surfers said , we can clearly knew what they felt when the big wave came at them . You have to adjust to your best and avoid direct strike from the big wave . When you win it , that will obviously bring you huge satisfaction.<br /><br />The amazing cinematography can not be overlooked . That is absolutely visual enjoyment.<br /><br />An excellent sports documentary . 8/10
1 Riding Giants is an amazing movie . It really shows how these people lived back then just to surf . Their lives were basically surfing , living , breathing , and having fun . They did n't care about money , jobs , girls or any thing . To them the waves were their girls . I have never been on a surf board , and it looks so hard , I do n't understand how they can stay on them , it makes no sense at all . This is an awesome movie and if you love surfing then you should really see this movie . If you 're a surfer and you want to find out who started surfing , how it came into life , who is really famous at it or what ever , then you should really see it . It might be a documentary , but it is really good . -Tara F.-
1 Everyone has already commented on the cinematography ( good to great ) , the personalities ( larger than life ) , the structure ( chronological , with many references to surf culture through time ) . What is missed is a bigger question of sociological importance : chucking mainstream American culture for something more fulfilling and rewarding.<br /><br />I was a surfer in the 1970s . We used to watch 16 mm films at the local high schools in SoCal . I remember the great feeling of surfing all day until my skin radiated heat , putting on a Hawaiian shirt and shorts and going to watch the latest surf film at night . Often , the narrator was the filmmaker himself , reading a script off sheets of paper . Sometimes , a surf band or proto - punk band would add music . I was never happier . Except for the hooting and hollering , seeing ' Riding Giants ' took me back in time.<br /><br />IT also reinforced a feeling that living life on the edge , not worrying about the money and the climbing the social and corporate ladder , not keeping up with the Joneses , pushing yourself physically and mentally for a fleeting moment of joy and jubilation - may be the answer to the question , " what is the purpose of life ? " At least for those like Greg Noll , Laird Hamilton and the like , they seem to have found something that few of us are bold enough or honest with ourselves enough to pursue : to live life solely on our own terms . Maybe society would fall apart if we all did exactly what we wanted in life , but it is wonderful to see people who actually are living out their dreams.<br /><br />It was this message that really impressed me .
1 If it were possible to distill the heart and soul of the sport -- no , the pure lifestyle -- of surfing to its perfect form , this documentary has done it . This documentary shows the life is n't just about the waves , but it 's more about the people , the pioneers , and the modern day vanguard that are pushing the envelope of big wave further than it 's ever been.<br /><br />Stacy Peralta -- a virtual legend from my early ' 80s skateboarding days as a SoCal teen -- has edited reams of amazing stock and interview footage down to their essence and created what is not just a documentary , but a masterpiece of the genre . When his heart and soul is in the subject matter -- and clearly it is here -- his genius is fraught with a pure vision that does n't glamorize , hype , or sentimentalize his subject . He reveres surfers and the surfing / beach lifestyle , but does n't whitewash it either . There is a gritty reality to the sport as well.<br /><br />There is so much that could be said about this documentary , about the surfers , the early history of the sport , and the wild big wave surfers it profiles . Greg Noll , the first big wave personality who arguably pioneered the sport ; Jeff Carter , an amazing guy who rode virtually alone for 15 years on Northern California 's extremely dangerous Maverick 's big surf ; and , the centerpiece of the documentary , Laird Hamliton , big wave surfing 's present day messiah.<br /><br />There is tremendous heart and warmth among all these guys -- and a few girls who show up on camera -- and a deep and powerful love for surfing and the ocean that comes through in every word . I found the story of how Hamilton 's adopted father met him and how Hamilton as a small 4- or 5-year old boy practically forced him to be his dad especially heartwarming ( and , again , stripped of syrupy sentimentality).<br /><br />If you like surfing -- or even if you don't -- this is a wonderful documentary that must be watched , if only because you 're a student of the form or someone who simply appreciates incredibly well - done works of art .
1 Riding Giants < br /><br />This documentary traces the history of surfing and follows three other well - made and acclaimed surfer films , Dana Brown 's Endless Summer , its follow - up Endless Summer II by Bruce Brown , Dana 's son , and Step into Liquid ( IMAX ) . I saw the first , not the others . < br /><br />While the surfing footage is spectacular , I valued most the film - maker 's historic perspective . He takes us back to the sport 's origins almost a hundred years ago , and shows how it evolved to its present form . This includes extensive interviews with leading personalities and performers , how surfboard designs changed over time , which beaches in Hawaii and California were most frequented by the world - class surfers , and what an incredible adrenalin rush the sport provided them . The athletes lived for months at a time on beaches , surfed from dawn to dusk , camped on rudimentary bunks , fished for food , and went back out on their boards the next day . What a euphoric way to spend your youthful days . < br /><br />We see how the media discovered and promoted the sport after a slow start . What was the biggest boost to the sport ? Believe it or not , it was the movie Gidget , although I suspect copyright issues may prevent crediting the Beachboys ' surfing songs like Surfer Girl and Surfing USA . The Surfing magazine and Encyclopedia of Surfing ( who knew there was such a tome ) are mentioned for their contributions . We also see commentaries from the pioneers of the sport , their families , and how the current generation benefited from the originators in the 1960s . One such story is how 40-year old Laird Hamilton , considered today 's greatest surfer , bonded with an earlier leading surfer , introduced him to his single mom , who he married before becoming his step - dad . < br /><br />A rousing musical background of contemporary music from all eras accompanies the story . Have I whetted your appetite ? Wonderful . Have a great ride .
1 I like this movie because it is a fine work of cinema , made by people who care enough to make it art and not just home movies . It is filled with Super - surfer Greg Noll 's home movies , and a boatload of amateur video from others who align themselves with his 50-year passion . Nevertheless , it has been expanded to the degree that it approaches aesthetic glory . It is filled with artistic talent , and athletic talent , however trivial you might think surfing to be athletic . Surfers are not astronauts nor test - pilots . Nor are they surgeons(perhaps ) or Ph.d's(again , perhaps ) . It believes in the quest of the surfer . It believes in the beauty of human goofiness . It believes in the great gift of peace , which comes from the cessation of war . Surfers celebrate the cessation of war on the north beach of an Hawaiian island attacked by Japanese zeroes fifteen years before . It celebrates the down - time of a country which fought a cold war - instead of a hot - war - with the Russian socialists . Surfing is the ultimate narcissism . It is dangerous , but only slightly historical . I suspect Alexander the Great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique . He had to go out and conquer a few dozen countries to get the favorable press he has received . This movie has no military heroes . It has no guns . The only beach - head surfers conquer has a beer - stand and and a surfboard shop . This is not a problem . Peace is not desperate . It is the joy of exhalation .
1 I have this movie on DVD and must have watched it thirty times by now . I must really love it , right ? Well , not really.<br /><br />I was a surfer earlier in my life , and I loved the sport . To this day , I am fascinated by good surfing . Riding Giants has plenty of that , and thus I am a sucker for the thing . But I definitely have some bones to pick with it . ( Peralta , you listening?).<br /><br />First , the movie has too little faith in its subject matter . The cutting and editing of the waves is such that the majority of them are sort of ruined . Very , very few waves are actually shown ridden from start to finish . Peralta seems addicted to a hyper kinetic , cut - and - pace method . It gets especially bad in the middle section on the spot Mavericks in Northern California . Not a single wave is ridden start to finish . Almost the entire section on Mavericks ( one third of the movie ) is a jarring montage of clips with an equally jarring soundtrack . I can understand the effect Peralta was trying to achieve with Mavericks , as the place is a truly frightening mix of bone crushing waves in frigid open ocean chop , but he goes way too far . Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip . Waves are actually ridden there , even with great performances . It would have been good to see some of them . If Peralta thinks this is a grand sport ( and I am sure he does ) , then why does he insist on messing with the subject matter so much ? At times , the editing reduces the movie to the inscrutable . There is one fast clip in the section on Peahi in Hawaii , which I still can not understand . Even if I run it on slow motion on DVD , the image is too fast to be decipherable . It must be a couple of frames in length at the max.<br /><br />Second , have the guys who made this thing ever learned about understatement ? It is particularly galling to watch the narrated directors ' version on DVD . These guys sound like two over - the - top valley girls . The same sentiment shows up in the main production . Every thing is always so goddamn " amazing " etc . One character in particular is just plain obnoxious -- Sam George , the editor of Surfer Magazine , who is practically peeing in his pants every time he has anything to say . He is a super drag on the movie.<br /><br />There is a tremendous amount of effort that went into this movie . I mean , just to get the old movie shots they have , and also , all of the interviews . The movie is a great story , and I think it is generally captivating entertainment . Thematically it is well laid out , with the three parts centering around Greg Noll , Jeff Clark , and Laird Hamilton respectively . There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal . In the directors ' narration , they say it is a new type of 3D technology , and it really works . The three principle characters shine , both in their interviews and in the water . As an athlete , Laird Hamilton is a revelation . He rises to the pinnacle of his sport in a way that I have only seen Michael Jordan do in basketball . And too , the story of his meeting his father is a gem . It really touched me.<br /><br />It is just that the movie could have been so much more . The very last part of the movie , when the credits roll , gives a hint of what it could have been . There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack . ( The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is rubbish , though you may like it if you are fan of the modern , frenetic school of rock . ) Anyway there 's my two cents ...
1 This documentary was very thorough and exposing , and at the same time entertaining , which I thought was rather impressive . I felt as if they did a very good job covering the sport from its ' origin until present day , but nonetheless , there is a reason why I do not give such a high score to this film ... <br /><br />I felt as if at times the story focused too much on the ' proper nouns ' of the sport , so to speak : too much on individual locations at which to surf , and especially too much on individual surfers . I felt as if the documentary had more to do with the nature of the sport , the ideology of the sport , etc . it would have been better ( although this of course was covered , I do not think it got as much time as it warranted ) . < br /><br />And for many people who are not absolutely nuts about surfing , at times hearing them go on and on about specific locations and specific surfers could become boring . Although the video clips and the in - depth research is well - respected , it could have been presented in a way that would be better for those who are not avid surfers.<br /><br />Furthermore , my biggest disappointment was at times they spoke of how utterly amazing and miraculous certain events in surfing history were yet they did not have the actual footage of these events unfolding , and the whole time you are waiting to see on the silver screen this amazing , breath - taking event that these men are talking about as life - changing moments , and in the end all you get is a lot of men talking about it , and not the actual footage . It was far too tantalizing to myself to hear these stories , and then be unable to see them . I understand the difficulty of obtaining footage of everything , but please : do not brag an event up so much , and then not show it . < br /><br />Overall , a very fresh documentary that I enjoyed watching ; not the best documentary due to the above reasons , but being very fresh and having some extremely exciting footage and a good soundtrack , it is a documentary that I would advise everybody to check out .
1 Late , great Grade Z drive - in exploitation filmmaker par excellence Al Adamson really outdoes himself with this gloriously ghastly sci - fi soft - core musical comedy atrocity which plumbs deliciously dismal and dopey depths in sheer celluloid silliness and jaw - dropping stupidity . In the grim totalitarian future of 2047 sex has been deemed an illegal act by the Big Brother - like impotent bumbling idiot the Controller ( an amusingly goofy Erwin Fuller ) . However , sweet'n'sexy Cinderella ( radiant blonde cutie pie Catherine Erhardt ) remains determined to change things for the better . With the help of her effeminate Fairy Godfather ( a flamboyantly campy Jay B. Larson ) , Cinderella attends a grand gala ball with the specific plan of seducing handsome stud Tom Prince ( the dorky Vaughn Armstrong ) and teaching everyone that making love is a positive , pleasurable and wholly acceptable activity.<br /><br />Adamson directs this ridiculous yarn with his customary all - thumbs incompetence , staging the incredibly awful'n'inept song and dance sequences with a totally sidesplitting lack of skill and flair . The uproariously abysmal " We All Need Love " number with people in absurd animal costumes awkwardly prancing about the forest is a hilariously horrendous marvel ; ditto the equally abominable " Mechnical Man " routine featuring a bunch of clumsily cavorting robots . Louis Horvarth 's crude , static cinematography , the tacky plastic miniatures , Sparky Sugerman 's groovy throbbing disco score , the copious gratuitous nudity ( ravishing brunette hottie Sherri Coyle warrants special praise in this particular department ) , the brain - numbingly puerile attempts at leering lowbrow humor ( Roscoe the Robot law enforcer is especially irritating ) , and the uniformly terrible performances ( Renee Harmon 's outrageously hammy portrayal of Cinderella 's wicked overbearing stepmother cops the big booby prize here ) further enhance the strikingly abundant cheesiness to be savored in this delectably dreadful doozy .
1 I used to love watching " Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " Friday nights on ABC 's TGIF . I think this was one of the best shows on TGIF . My friends and I used to get together every Friday just to watch this show and we never missed an episode.<br /><br />My favorite character was Salem . He was adorable and sooo funny . I liked Sabrina 's boyfriend Harvey , too . He was HOT . I think Melissa Joan Hart played a good teenage witch , too . My favorite episodes were " Sabrina Through the Looking Glass " and " Hilda and Zelda : the Teenage Years " . Those episodes were great.<br /><br />Overall I really miss this show . I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes . I give this show 10/10 stars .
1 Why did I enjoy the show to the last episode ? Because of the true talent Melissa Joan Hart and her supporting cast had of demonstrating that whit , comedy , light - hearted humor , and deep thought could actually coexist . What I enjoyed most was the fact that I could come home from a hard day 's work , and bust a smile ... I was inspired ... and why ? It was an inspiration to watch as this magical person was so happy while helping others . < br /><br />Sabrina was a hero in my opinion ... even though she was vulnerable in ways that were not so different from our own ... to very different ; she had powers at her fingertip , wishes , and command that could be used for good or bad which may only exist in many of our imaginations . Most everything we see , have , know about , own , or even desire ... can be used for good or bad , and how we choose to define that , defines the person we are . < br /><br />She traveled the globe and other realms with these constant and unwaivering ideas in mind ... to learn , to live , to laugh , and to love . She was always learning how to improve her skills to the benefit of all around her ; she made mistakes as she was living life , going through different journey 's of growth , as she , her aunts , and Salem ( the underrated , yet imperfect hero ) did well to demonstrate that even through mistakes , you can still be noble , gifted , and wonderful . < br /><br />She also demonstrated many selfless , learning , and loving acts as she went along her way . If this is n't reason enough for 10 stars in this war torn world where people are so hostile toward each other , not realizing how differences are the spice of life rather than a reason to kill ... then I do n't know what is . This show was most certainly a trip to a better world as well as an inspiration to be better ourselves and a gift intended to bust a smile on our chops ... I 've heard from a doctor before that everything that I 've mentioned above leads to a healthy " hart " ... and is n't that what we all need ? :)
1 I liked this TV show because it was it 's own thing a girl who is on her sixteenth birthday finds out that she is a witch and her she lives with her aunties in the house and they are both witches as well . Well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to . When she used her powers for the first time it was so funny because she turned her enemy into a pineapple . She had to turn back time and repeat a day . This series is really cool and it is a typical teenage series but it wore thin when she moved out of her house and to an apartment with her fellow college friends and then it got boring and I stopped watching . I loved her aunties they were so funny and the other one was really ditzy . I loved Valerie and I hated Sabrina 's enemy Libby she was ugly .
1 I love Sabrina ! Its one of my fave shows ! ! My favourite episodes are ; the one where she turns Libby into a geek , the first episode , the true love episode and most of the rest from the first series . I do think the college episodes were not as good as the high school ones but they were better than the last series which was awful . Valerie was a good character as she was more rounded than Jenny , but Jenny was in some brilliant episodes . Hilda and Zelda were amazing , and there seemed to be no explanation for where they went ! Libby was a good character too . I never liked Morgan or Roxy , they just were n't as good as her other friends .
1 Spoilers I loved the later episodes from college and on , but I wish I could get the last season on DVD . Unfortunately , the latest I could get is the first college season . Still the teenage years were sweet ; although they focused a lot on magic , they also made her into a character that teens could relate to , deeling with the stuggles of teens , and children in divorced families . This show was very innocent ; they did not get into the morbid teenage problems such as sex and drugs , but they did deel with pressure to fit in . I loved watching her grow up and cope with her magic on her own and trying to convince her Aunts to let go as she left the nest . The older episodes were cute , but it was just so much better to see her as ( well not really a teenage witch anymore ) but an adult witch . I loved Roxy and Mortgan ; they were so talented ! In the earlier episodes the Aunts were great actresses , but they were so strict , kind and loving , but they treated her like a young child in some ways , but not in every way . I mean they grounded her for every little mistake she made with her magic , I mean let her learn from her own mistakes for once ! That was what I liked about the college episodes ; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without be grounded over everything ; that was annoying . Not to put down Hilda and Zelda . Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for the Sabrina with her Perky personality . I liked the last episode where she ran off the marry Harvey , but as somebody else said , it would have been nice to see what happened after . I mean I believe it was obvious they were getting married ; where else would they be running off to in her wedding dress ? But I would have liked to have seen it . I supposed they wanted to leave it up to the viewer to choose the ending though rather than spoon feeding it to us as most comedies do . Somebody said they could have shown them marry and go to school in the house , but they already graduated college . Sabrina had great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job , because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end , but they never say what he does . As a child they always talk about how he does not want to be an exterminator like his Dad . When Sabrian moved into the house that season , they never really explain how it happened . Actually , there is a lot the show does not explain , but I supposed it is supposed to be to leave it up to us and give it some mystery . Prior to Sabrina and her friends moving into the house , they show Hilda getting married and this whole spell that ends up with Zelda turning into a child . Hilda comes back in the last episode ( and Zelda is there in some other form , but Beth is not on the episode ) but they do not show Zelda 's husband or what happened , like did they have children ? Maybe they did n't want too much going on in one episode . I also liked Hart 's sister who played her spoiled cousin ! She was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up ! I cannon believe it has been six years since the show went off the air ! I still love the reruns ! Also , I do n't know if anybody noticed this , but in the earlier episodes , the town was called Westbridbe ( a made up town I believe , which was supposed to be close to Salem ) but in the later episodes , they do n't mention the name of the town being caled Westbridge and I think they call it Boston , unless that is just where she worked . Also , I wanted to add , I found the episode , " Wild Wild Sabrina " where she is taught about the importance of rules , to be insulting . She was 18 and too old to be grounded ; I would have been insulted if my parents grounded me at 18 . And I think while an 18 year old might mess up how she did , they need to learn the consequences on their own . I think at 18 they know rules are important .
1 Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.V shows of life :D i used to watch back to back episodes everyday when i got home from school . So far i think i 've watched every episode at least once and the whole series 3 or 4 times . Melissa Joan Hart plays the perfect teenage girl / witch with normal teenager troubles that we can all relate to . She 's funny , smart , outgoing , witty , and a lot more . Caroline Rhea and Beth Broderick both fit the part very well as Sabrina 's aunts . Zelda , the intelligent scientist , and Hilda the crazy , wacky one make a perfect balance in Sabrina 's life . Though i must agree that the college years are n't as good as her high school years , but that does n't mean they were n't still good . I think the ending was awesome although it was not what i hoped , it made sense and i loved it anyways . :)
1 What I love about this show is that it follows the lives of modern witches and it 's a blast to experience their everyday love , humor and adventure . The literature of magic is so diverse , portraying the ideas of classical , medieval and modern wizardry , like Harry Potter and Sabrina . With Sabrina the Teenage Witch , this show is so fun and unique because it lets us experience a lot of that modern wizardry , seven seasons worth ! This show has so many great qualities and it 's a joy to watch Sabrina live her daily life in the mortal and " other " realm . I would recommend this to any family because the television series is clean , funny and adventurous . Classic !
1 By submitting this comment you are agreeing to the terms laid out in our Copyright Statement . Your submission must be your own original work . Your comments will normally be posted on the site within 2 - 3 business days . Comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted . Please write in English only . HTML or boards mark - up is not supported though paragraph breaks will be inserted if you leave a blank line between paragraph . We sent an e - mail to when you registered . You must click on the link in that e - mail to complete your registration and enjoy the full benefits of being registered at IMDb.com . Whilst you wait for that e - mail , you can still update some of your registration details by using the links below . Do n't forget to keep checking your e - mail though !
1 I know sometimes its really really corny ... But the acting is amazing and Melissa Joan Hart is as cute as a button . I love this show a lot , and I 'm almost embarrassed that I do b / c the show has a rep . for being really corny , but it makes me feel good . My only problem is that sometimes it can be pretty low budget - sometimes actors change and you just have to deal with it ... Like Sabrina 's father is 2 different guys throughout the course of the movie ... I mean , could n't they just say he was an uncle or something ? Still , I ca n't help but loving this show . Harvey and Sabrina make a really cute couple and Salem is absolutely hilarious . I definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment ... My favorite episode is " Pancake Madness " ... a HILARIOUS episode . The best season is probably 3 ... I 'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists ... Once you get to college , Morgan joins the group and her dialog is painful and very poorly acted ... Plus she is ugly , so the jokes about how she is only surviving off her good looks were lost on me ... But I think it was set up to have a really good eighth season and I was really sad to see one of my favorite shows canceled !
1 I remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a Saturday evening.<br /><br />Sabrina is a young girl who moves in with her aunts who as it turns out are witches and she is one to . So Sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively . She also must deal with school a vicious rival named Libby , her ditsy best friend and boyfriend Harvey Kinkle ... <br /><br />The show was funny and entertaining . It kept Saturday evenings entertaining for a 10 year old boy .. and made him laugh out loud ... And flirt with ' Libby ' ....
1 And it 's not because since her days on " Clarissa Explains It All " that I 've had a bit of a crush on Melissa Joan Hart , who at the time this show was popular was already well into her 20s , but was still able to get teenage roles . " Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " was Hart 's next big leap after her " Clarissa " days . Based on the comic strip , Sabrina Spellman is - you guessed it ! - a teenage witch who attempts to balance her witchcraft antics with the demands of everyday teenage life . She is aided in her endeavors by her two aunts and a wise - cracking black cat as she goes from high school , to college , and finally to her career in journalism.<br /><br />As usual , Hart is the show 's heart & soul . " Sabrina , the Teenage Witch " is quite moving and very funny , and it 's a shame that it took me so long to realize how great it was . I only wish there were some newer episodes that we could all enjoy.<br /><br />10/10
1 For the first three seasons , Sabrina was a gem hidden away on TGIF ( and later , early school - day afternoon reruns ) . Each episode had a maniac , zany energy and rapid - fire pacing that overcame the occasional awkward joke . Melissa Joan Hart exuded a keen talent for physical comedy , particularly in her facial expressions . Her two aunts , playing the " straight men , " or as straight as two witches could be , had great comic timing and general chemistry with Hart . Salem , as a talking cat , was free to dabble in whatever mad scheme he was interested in , and one could laugh and take it all in stride because he was , after all , a talking cat . Sabrina 's friends rounded out the social experience at school , in which also housed the typical " evil cheerleader " and " totalitarian principal . " Perhaps the most interesting and unique aspect of the show was the ability to merge pop culture ( e.g. , bands of the era , Jerry Springer ) , archetypal human condition / morality ( e.g. , the importance of friendship , the spirit of Christmas ) , and the literal representation of such related metaphors in the Magical Realm . Unfortunately , like so many other shows throughout the age of television , the show hit its peak during the first three years , which coincided with Sabrina attending high school . Starting in season four , the move to college marked what would become a precipitous decline in the general quality of the show , particularly when the writers chose to introduce Josh as Harvey 's rival , and concocting thin excuses for Aunts Hilda and Zelda to remain on - screen as key players . The final season , where Sabrina works at a pop culture magazine , was unequivocally disappointing . Still , in the end , Sabrina ( particularly the high school years ) remains a unique entry as a hybrid situational comedy with magical elements that elevates it above the tiresome fare that is produced in this genre every year .
1 My kids recently started watching the reruns of this show - both the early episodes on the N , and the later ones on ABC Family - and they love it . ( I was n't aware the show had even lasted past the first or second season ) I 'm curious as to what prompted all of the cast changes - I 've seen them described as " highly publicized , " and yet a half hours searching efforts on the web have revealed nothing but endless comments on how the early episodes were so much better than the later episodes . ( Personally , I do n't see a whole lot of difference - the scripts and themes remain largely the same throughout - but they do lose some great people along the way ) My daughter has put the DVDs on her wish list , so perhaps the land of special features and commentary will shed some light on all of this . I also wish they 'd done some self - referential humor about the changes - like on " Boy Meets World " where they drop the little sister for an entire season or so , and when a different actor later shows up playing her , they ask her where she 's been and she says " upstairs , " or when early series token geek " Minkus " shows up for the high school graduation , they ask him where he 's been and he says " over there , " pointing to the part of the classroom never shown by the camera , before saying " Hey , Mr. Turner , wait up ! " and running off screen ( Mr. turner being another character who left ) Oh well - maybe there will be an E true Hollywood story on this or something ? I was just glad to see Aunt Hilda show up for the finale - she was always one of my favorites - it 's too bad it could n't have been a more encompassing cast reunion . ( The Zelda candle just did n't cut it for me )
1 Even though there are no new episodes , and it is rarely showed . I used to love the magic of Sabrina and the teenage witch . I never got to see the last episodes , but I do want to know what happened to Miles , or Josh ? And why did the aunts have to disappear out of the show for good?I'm sure the ending went to be perfect . But there are a lot of questions unanswered . And I want to see the last episode of S.T.T.W ! Because I heard she decides between Erin and Harvey on her wedding day ! I really hope that she picks Harvey ! And may I say Nate Richart is HOTT ! ! Too bad he s too old for me though . Melissa Joan Hart has her own sense of cuteness that she adds to the show , but there are many little " stupid " things for the show such as how famous bands come out of nowhere and play songs and all the cast is listening , its kind of stupid . Plus the cat starts to really get lame , as the show continued , the jokes began just to get stupid , and the things that the audio controlled " audience " would laugh at , I would think it was so lame . Do n't get me wrong , at some parts it was funny , but I think the show just kind of lost its " magic " so to speak as the show went on . I give kudos to all the cast though for trying , although that Soleil Moon Frye girl had no taste , and she was a horrid actress . I wonder what Melissa or any of the cast is doing now for that matter , now that the show has ended .
1 i really liked the first 2 seasons . because a lot of good characters disappeared later on . like most shows are kinda slow at first then get better in later seasons , but this is the absolute reverse . jenny from the 1st season and Valarie from the 2nd season were Sabrina 's friends , i really did n't care for the others , jenny and Valarie were her coolest friends . i think for some reason , the producers wanted us to not like her college friends for some reason , they were so cruel to Sabrina . but my favorite episode from season 1 is cat showdown and my favorite episode from season 2 is witch trash , that is the funniest episode . i also thought it was funny how Libby was popular but she was always jealous of Sabrina , and never seemed to have a real boyfriend but was always wanting to be with Harvey . i just wished they could have made more better ones . i also liked how the first 2 seasons , during the opening credits Sabrina would say a few words while wearing a costume , like in the pilot episode where she 's in the witch costume , i liked how she said " this is so not me " and later on she kept trying to change herself to something else is what i think , but this is a really cool show . it is kinda like the andy griffith show in a way because it good at first but once it turned color and barney fife left , it was longer good . but i still like to watch it , but the only reason i watch later seasons is because of sabrina . what i meant about the opening sequence is : the opening titles of seasons 1 - 3 shows Sabrina in front of a mirror posing with several different costumes and outfits as the cast members ' names quickly flash on the bottom of the screen . At the end , Sabrina would say some sort of pun that related to the outfit she is wearing , then disappear . the opening sequence of season four includes the characters in bubbles . the opening credits of seasons 5 - 7 features Sabrina at various locations around Boston
1 The sitcom revolved around a girl who must learn to be responsible for her own actions . As she had the power of magic , she often used it to try to help her loved ones or herself , frequently resulting in literal puns that are often disastrous and always humorous.<br /><br />The program began with Sabrina 's adventures in high school in the fictional town of Westbridge , located near Boston , Massachusetts ( as opposed to Greendale in the comics ) . In the series ' later seasons , Sabrina graduated from high school and enrolled in college , then moved on to her attempts to live on her own and keep a job at the local newspaper . Breaking further from its comic roots , the show ended with Sabrina 's wedding , although , in the end , she abandoned the wedding and ran off with Harvey.<br /><br />Many episodes involve Sabrina getting to meet , through natural or supernatural means , popular real - life musical artists of the time , including Coolio , the Violent Femmes , the Backstreet Boys , Phantom Planet , Davy Jones of The Monkees , Britney Spears , Avril Lavigne , Daniel Bedingfield , Hanson , Eden 's Crush , Savage Garden , ' N Sync , and Ashanti . Course of Nature , the band of Melissa Joan Hart 's then - boyfriend ( now husband ) Mark Wilkerson , appeared in an episode in 2002 .
1 When Sabrina first came onto our screens i was about 12 , and therefore spent my teenage years watching the teenage witch get into all kinds of weird predicaments.<br /><br />It was always one of my favourite programmes , the witchy feeling of sixties sitcom ' Bewitched ' but this time the character was cooler . I always liked Sabrina because she was smart . She was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch . The characters at the beginning were great ; Harvey , Jenny , Libby , the quizmaster , Salem and Mr. Poole ( my personal fave , shame he left so early on ) Hilda and Zelda her aunts started off OK , but then became irritating.<br /><br />I liked Mr. Kraft too as he was always that little bit closer to discovering Sabrina 's secret . What i loved about the first three series was the original ideas , the discovering of the family secret and learning new spells but as it went on it became more predictable . Too many characters came and left , such as Valerie , Dreama and Brad and then they decided to do Sabrina at college which ruined it for me.<br /><br />Sabrina became self - absorbed at college , there was less magic , no spell book , no aunts living with her and Roxie , Miles and Morgan were annoying.<br /><br />The last series was boring , and i only watched to see what happened in the end . Not having Hilda and Zelda seemed wrong somehow and Miles was gone just like that . The last episode made me feel a lot better though ( SPOILER)having Sabrina end up with Harvey on her wedding day to dullard Aaron was great ! Overall a great programme if you forget the poor last two or three series which reminded me of so many teen shows . Magical .
1 I used to love Sabrina The Teenage Witch and have seen every single episode . I remember when I used to sit at 6 pm every night and wait for it to come on Nickelodeon , however when Sabrina left high school the show began to go downhill . The best series has to be when she was friends with Valerie ( I 'm not sure which one that is ) . From there the next series ( friends with Dreama ) was still really good , but when she left high school it just did n't seem right . All the main characters seemed to have left , which meant that it did n't have as much of the old " sparkle " , however the first series where Sabrina is in college is still relatively good and watchable , however when her aunt 's leave and Sabrina moves into their house it just is n't right . She is no longer a teenager , so therefore the name of the show is n't right and without Hilda and Zelda and Josh the show just does n't seem right , especially when Sabrina nearly marries someone that is n't Harvey . Thank goodness he came through in the last five minutes of the last episode to take her away . All in all I still love to watch the old episodes of Sabrina the Teenage Witch , but I think the writers took it too far and should have left it with Sabrina leaving high school . Because after that the show definitely lost some of it 's magic
1 I remember first watching Sabrina when it came to TV in the UK on ITV1 when i was 13/14 . I 'm now 24 and still love it now as much as i did when i first watched it . I get a little stick from some of my friends for still watching a " kids show " but i do n't care ! lol Caroline Rhea as " Hilda " is my personal favourite character and Later on Morgan also became another of my favourite characters . I remember spending so much time watching various special events honouring Sabrina on the TV station Nickeleoden UK . I love Mellissa Joan - Hart , she was great in " Clarrissa Explains All " but so much better in this . I was gutted when they decided to finish it ! I hope it will soon be released on DVD here in the UK - I 'll be first in line ! lol x
1 when i first started watching these it became one of my favourite shows . Melissa Joan hart is very funny and talented so were the aunts and the other characters and the star of of the show Salem the cat , he was immensely funny . the first few season in my opinion were the best where Sabrina was a teenager in high school adapting to witch life . they were most funniest , most entertaining and most um ... good . i 'm not a fan of when they started introducing Brad and Dreamer cause i quite liked Valerie , but they were okay the problem was they were only in it for one season . if you 're gon na have new people at least keep them . i did n't like Josh he was a tw*t , i preferred Harvey but then he disappeared . and they got rid of Libby ! it would have been awesome if thy had been bickering in theses seven years . and Mr. craft as well , if him and Zelda got married that would have been gold ! then Sabrina moves out of her aunts house and into Roxie / Miles / Morgan 's house . i did n't like theses people either , it did n't really seem they liked Sabrina . Sabrina seemed to lose her charm and stuff and the aunts seem to be shunned out of her life and into they 're own stupid story lines . i kind of stopped watching it for a while and the old re - runs were back and i was like whoo - hoo ! LOL . i must say the last few seasons were absolutely terrible.they got rid of the aunts which sucked cause they were a big part of the show . then suddenly she lets those two freeloaders move in to the nice house when they treated he like dirt . and now she 's working at some magazine shop so they 're putting loads celebrity guest stars into the show , if they 're in every episode it kind of ruins it . the programme just really went downhill and lost its luster . i saw the last episode . it had the aunts in it ( Zelda was reduced to a candle ) and she 's about to get married but she runs off with Harvey the end . i would have liked to know what happened after . well that s my review and the only thing i can say is the only thing that stayed it 's appealing self through the seven years was Salem the cat .
1 Oh my gosh i live in Kentucky and when Mellisa Joan hart came to Louisville she went right through my neighborhood and waved at me i am filthy rich so she wanted to look at my neighborhood oh and i Love being rich any ways she came for the Derby back to my interest in the show ...... that show makes you want to point your finger at something and make it disappear i mean it is just so creative and i love it i would love to be on that show ....... that show is just amazing i mean who ever came up with that show i want to just give them a big kiss i mean it makes me feel better when I 'm sick and makes me happy when I 'm mad i mean if someone tells me they do n't like it i will talk some sense in to you OK OK
1 It is finally coming out . The first season will be available March 2007 . It is currently airing on ABC Family from 4 - 5 pm eastern time Monday through Friday . The last episode will air on December 19th at 4:30 . I missed it the first 100 times around . I wish I could buy the whole series right now . Who does she pick ? I have to write 10 lines in order to reply to the first comment . What am I going to say . La da da de de . La da da de de nope only up to 8 how do I get to 9 almost almost awww 9 now I need 10 - 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , I missed counted this is only number 8 . Punky Brewster is pretty awesome too . Almost to 10 almost awwwwww .
1 Melissa Joan Hart shines ! This show is amazing ! ! There is no match . Except for maybe Melissa in Clarissa Explains it All . She was marvelous in that , too . This is SO much better than Buffy , the Vampire Slayer . This show is WONDERFUL !
1 I saw " Mystery Men " on my birthday in 1999 while I was away on vacation . When I came back home , I went to see it again . Keep in mind , I was twelve , but at that time it was the coolest movie ever . I even collected the ultra - rare action figures ( I have them all except for the Bowler , which is the hardest to find . They made Mr. Furious , The Shoveler , The Blue Raja , The Spleen and Captain Amazing , in case your wondering . There IS a William H. Macy action figure in existence ! ) . I 've watched it many times over the years and it still remains a favorite of mine , due mostly to fond childhood memories . It 's not a perfect movie , but it definitely deserves another look and perhaps a cult following.<br /><br />The story : a bunch of low - level superheroes save the day . This was executed again in the mediocre , direct - to - video " The Specials " as well . But this is the other end of the spectrum : big budget ( huge budget , almost $ 100 Million I think ) studio comedy . Yes , the effects are overblown and the huge sets and wonderful production design are a bit much considering the plot . But do n't think this as a stupid , special effects - y superhero movie -- it 's a PARODY . They fight a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein , people . He has a psychofrakulator , whatever that is ( it 's a doomsday device , he 'll take over the world , yada yada . ) And resident superhero Captain Amazing ( a Zapp Brannigan - esque Greg Kinnear , with commercial - product - logos on his costume , nice touch ) is kidnapped . Time for the Mystery Men : Mr. Furious ( Ben Stiller , gets mad ) , The Shoveller ( William H. Macy , beats people with shovels ) , The Blue Raja ( Hank Azaria , British , throws forks ) , The Bowler ( Janeane Garafolo , bowls ) , Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell , guess what he does ) , The Spleen ( the great Paul Reubens , farts ) , and The Sphinx ( Wes Studi , cuts guns in half with his mind , I am not kidding ) . The rest of the fantastic cast of character actors includes Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova , Lena Olin heavily edited out as Cassanova 's bride , and the one and only Tom Waits as a crazy weapons dealer . So ... with Macy , Kinnear , Olin , and Rush there are four Oscar - nominees ( and one winner ) and Tom freakin ' Waits ! It 's not perfect though . It 's overlong and there are some gushes of corniness here and there ( The Shoveller 's full of them).<br /><br />The dialogue definitely outweighs the physical comedy , which is sometimes lacking ( there 's a guy who farts for his power , case closed ) . The dialogue is definitely a highlight , the cyclical ramblings of the Sphinx , the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious , etc . It 's downright a funny movie , ( it will almost make you forget that this was the film that let " All Star " by Smashmouth out into the world . ) < br /><br />Unfortunately , the film did not do as well with critics and audiences as it should have . A sequel was originally planned ( the film is in fact based on a comic book and characters from " The Flaming Carrot " comics . The Flaming Carrot was planned for the sequel I believe ) but this did not do well at the box office . It could have been a hard sell , a superhero comedy with the guy from " There 's Something About Mary . " It also could have been the fact that it was released on the same day as " The Sixth Sense "-- which ended up being the biggest hit for the month of August -- as well as " The Thomas Crown Affair . " Two other misunderstood classics were released on the same crowded weekend , oddly enough--"Dick " and " The Iron Giant . " Critics gave MM passable reviews , but it was quickly forgotten . Sadly enough , on Comedy Central 's Roast of Jerry Stiller , comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that , " I saw ' Mystery Men ' and I fired MY agent . " Ben is then seen to mouth the words , " I should have to . " Do n't listen to him . Give " Mystery Men " a chance .
1 This movie is a lot of fun . What makes it great especially are two things : one is the straightforward way the characters embrace the stereotypes , with discussions of their costumes and superpowers . There 's an endearing earnestness to the parody that 's very appealing ; the second is basic sweetness of the characters and the quality of the chemistry . Claire Forlani deserves particular note as the object of Mr. Furious 's desires . There 's a boatload of talent here . I realize some with high expectations may have been disappointed , but this movie is a lot of fun , and kind of sweet .
1 Mystery Men is one of those movies that gets funnier over time . There is a naive innocence and " niceness " to the characters . It has become part of our family " culture , " and we quote the characters often . It is my favorite film of the last two years . My kids are 13 and 11 and we all three love this film . Great acting and comedy . We love Galaxy Quest and Monty Python flicks too . Okay , we 're not talking intellectual here , just Family bonding !
1 As a comic book reader , who still sees myself as a total kid at heart , I admit I might have been a bit biased towards this movie . I mean , there has n't been a good superhero movie out for quite some time ( NOTE : Batman Forever was NOT a good superhero movie ) . I really wanted this film to be good , and unlike most of my recent trips to the cinema ( read Blair Witch Project ) I was n't disappointed.<br /><br />Mystery Men was definitely not a high - effects , tension - filled action flick , it was a comedy . And on that basis , it was a success . It had everyone in the small theater laughing , and got applause and laughs right through the final scene . Stiller and Garofolo are hilarious together , as always , and Azaria adds just the right touch of craziness . William H. Macy plays a great straight man , while Kel Mitchell and the fart - powered Paul Rubens are added just to keep the kiddies happy.<br /><br />Though the sets are bizarre ( and at times seem like ripoffs from both Batman and Blade Runner ) , and some of the jokes are obvious , it is still just plain funny . There are some lines that will catch even the most jaded viewer off - guard , and bring tears from the belly - laughers among us.<br /><br />I definitely recommend this movie . Although not an all - time classic , it is twice as funny as the latest Austin Powers retread . The writing is good , and the cast is GREAT . If you 're worried , plan on the matinee and pay less , but either way you 'll be pleasantly surprised . I mean , who among us does n't root for the losers once in a while ?
1 In the history of movies based on comic books , " Mystery Men " is one of the most underrated ones . This is no regular comic superhero movie ! It follows the exploits of a motley crew of well - meaning wannabes , which include Mr. Furious ( played by Ben Stiller ) , the Bowler ( Janeane Garofalo ) , the Shoveller ( William H. Macy ) , the Blue Rajah ( Hank Azariah ) and the Spleen ( Paul Reubens ) . " Mystery Men " spoofs several aspects of superhero movies like " Superman " or " Batman , " such as the pithy sayings , and the questions about secret identities . Most of the superheroes are n't billionaires like Bruce Wayne , but blue - collar types with menial jobs and neurotic home lives . So it looks as if director Kinka Usher is making the heroes into something the average viewer can relate to . I found " Mystery Men " to be visually stimulating and very funny . Even if it does n't turn into a franchise , it 's still a joy to watch !
1 Though I ca n't claim to be a comic book fanatic , I have read my share , so I guess I 'm part of the audience of this film , and I was n't disappointed . It does run out of steam near the end , it 's almost overflowing with ideas , and it seems like Lena Olin , one of my favorite actresses , was left on the cutting room floor . Also , a little of Hank Azaria 's Blue Raja can go a long way . Still , it 's easy to forgive all of these faults when you have a film which is this much fun . All the actors seem to be having a blast with their roles , especially William H. Macy as the straight - arrow Shoveler , and Janeane Garofalo as The Bowler . And unlike some , I found the design of the city to make the joke even funnier . I also liked how disco was the music of choice of the bad guys ; somehow , it seemed appropriate .
1 This movie was a brilliant concept . It was original , cleverly written and of high appeal to those of us who are n't really ' conformist ' movie pickers . Do n't get me wrong - there are some great movies that have wide appeal , but when you move into watching a movie based on " everyone else is watching it " - you know you 're either a tween or do n't really have an opinion . This had a lovely subtle humor - despite most people probably looking only at the obvious . The actors portrayed their characters with aplomb and I thought there was a lot more " personal " personality in this film . Has appeal for kids , as well as adults . Esp . nice to find a good movie that 's not filled with sexual references and drug innuendos ! A great film , not to be overlooked based on public consumption . This one is a must buy .
1 Director Kinka Usher stays true to his own credo , " Play it straight and they will laugh , " and with the help of a superb cast has crafted what should become the # 1 cult film of all time , ` Mystery Men . ' When an evil villain , Casanova Frankenstein ( Geoffrey Rush ) is released from a mental institution , captures the local superhero , Captain Amazing ( Greg Kinnear ) , and threatens to take over Champion City , three wanna - be superheroes , Mr. Furious ( Ben Stiller ) , The Shoveler ( William H. Macy ) and The Blue Raja ( Hank Azaria ) come to the rescue . Frankenstein has been joined by a myriad assortment of underworld scum , however , and has become a formidable opponent . The trio realize that help is needed , and decide to recruit ; what they end up with is nothing less than the most unforgettable team of ` superheroes ' ever assembled in the history of the cinema . Mr. Furious has his rage ; The Shoveler , his shovel ; The Blue Raja flings silverware ( mainly forks , and the occasional spoon , but never a knife ) ; the Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell ) can turn invisible as long as no one is watching ; the Sphinx ( Wes Studi ) , a heavy hitter from down south , is very mysterious and can break guns in half with his mind . Maybe ; the Bowler ( Janeane Garofalo ) can fling a ball with deadly accuracy ; and The Spleen ( Paul Reubens ) wields flatulence that can incapacitate an entire room . This is a brilliant ensemble piece that delivers the laughs without ever becoming condescending or patronizing the audience , while playing it straight at all times . The dialogue is witty , and the performances given by Stiller , Macy , Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary . There is a number of memorable , hilarious scenes , especially the one in which they throw a pool party and barbecue to recruit , and conduct interviews with a stupefying assemblage of applicants ; and another , in a bar , when the Bowler has a conversation with her long - dead father , whose skull has been implanted in her bowling ball . The funniest of all , however , has to be when the team actually attempts to rescue Captain Amazing . But these are only examples , for the entire movie is composed of one hilarious scene after another , laced with subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time . The real secret of it 's success , though , is that Usher keeps it all real ; the relationships between the characters are true , and the whole concept of being a ` Superhero ' is played as being entirely reasonable , which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the entire proceedings . In this world , the aspirations of Mr. Furious and the rest are tenable , and Usher keeps the laughs coming without ever resorting to slapstick or mere sight gags . The solid supporting cast includes Lena Olin ( Dr. Annabel Leek ) , Eddie Izzard ( Tony P. ) , Tom Waits ( Doc Heller ) , Claire Forlani ( Monica ) , Louise Lasser ( The Blue Raja 's mother ) , Jenifer Lewis ( Lucille ) and Pras ( Tony C. ) . ` Mystery Men ' is a truly inspired movie that can be seen over and over again , with a new chuckle to be had with every viewing , guaranteed . In the immortal words of the Sphinx , ` We are number one ! All others are number two , or lower . ' Is it an Oscar - worthy movie ? Hardly ; but for a good time and a lot of laughs , treat yourself to this masterwork of comedy ; it 's the real deal , and you wo n't regret it . I rate this one 10/10 .
1 This is a great movie . I love it more each time i watch . Most comedies can get pretty lame because you know all the gags , but mystery men has so much integrity in the writing and characterization that watching once again -- as Ben Stiller tears at the hood ornament of the limo , or Hank Azaria says good - bye to Louise Lasser , or Geoffrey Rush flashes his fuhrer choreography , or Tom Waits mumbles while he watches the news report , or Janeane Garofalo refuses a kiss from Paul Reubens -- is a pleasure . This is pitch perfect ensemble acting . The story develops directly and consistently , the action sequences are creative and not too dominant , all the set - ups payoff by the end . Seriously , if you 've seen it and it 's been a while , watch it again , and if you have n't then get started . You ca n't watch it again until you 've seen it the first time . ( Wes Studi , William H. Macy , the tryouts scene . Too much good stuff ! )
1 Forget depth of meaning , leave your logic at the door , and have a great time with this maniacally funny , totally absurdist , ultra - campy live - action " cartoon " . MYSTERY MEN is a send - up of every superhero flick you 've ever seen , but its unlikely super - wannabes are so interesting , varied , and well - cast that they are memorable characters in their own right . Dark humor , downright silliness , bona fide action , and even a touching moment or two , combine to make this comic fantasy about lovable losers a true winner . The comedic talents of the actors playing the Mystery Men -- including one Mystery Woman -- are a perfect foil for Wes Studi as what can only be described as a bargain - basement Yoda , and Geoffrey Rush as one of the most off - the - wall ( and bizarrely charming ) villains ever to walk off the pages of a Dark Horse comic book and onto the big screen . Get ready to laugh , cheer , and say " huh ? " more than once .... enjoy !
1 I saw this in theaters and absolutely adored it . Geoffery Rush gave the best performance as a super villain that I have ever seen since Gene Hackman as Lex Luther . Kel Mitchel and Paul Rubens were a match maid in heaven . This film also introduced me to William H. Macy , who is now one of my favorite actors . Hank was great as the Blue Raja , and I especially loved that the character was n't really British . The scene with him and telling his mom that he was a superhero almost brought tears to my eyes . I loved the fact that The Bowler talked to the ball . Some of the funniest stuff involved Stiller and his character Mr. Furious 's false rage , and the fact that his threats and one - liners were all gibberish , and that they never made any sense . I could barely stop myself from applauding when he said " fraculater , Freinken - puss , " was said . But one of the things I most enjoyed was that Captain Amazing actually dies in the movie . I HIGHLY recommend this film for any occasion , and I give it my own personal two - thumbs - up .
1 This movie deserved better It 's great fun , has some wonderful jokes and sight gags , some in - stuff for the " Geeks " amongst us ( And we know who we are ) , and the effects are indeed effectual . Watching Paul Reubens fart in the face of an Academy Award winner is worth the price of admission alone . I never read the comics series before I saw the movie , but have since . as good as they are , I still recommend MM the film . ( Although having the Flaming Carrot as a character would have been cool , too ) Greg Kinnear is , well, ... amazing as Captain Amazing , and NO ONE ELSE could be The Shoveller except William H. Macy My favorite line in the film ? " We 've got a blind date with Destiny . And it looks like she 's ordered the lobster . " See this film . BUY this film ! It 's only 5 bucks and some change at your local Wal - Mart . You 'll thank me . Really you will . Oh , and Ms. Garafolo is in it . THAT ALONE makes it watch - worthy
1 This was different , that 's for sure . Just look at the cast ! Talk about oddballs.<br /><br />William H. Macy and Ben Stiller were the stars , although a bunch of actors almost share the spotlight , in this farce about superhero - wannabees . The most outrageous was played by Paul Reubens of " Pee Wee Herman " fame.<br /><br />There is lots of humor , garish colors and no lulls . It 's a pretty entertaining , lightweight comedy with nothing but goofy characters , all of whom want to be heroes a la Superman , Batman , Spiderman , you name . They have talents in strange areas , however , that the real heroes do n't ( and do n't want to ! ) . It 's silly , but you know that going on.<br /><br />It 's also a film you can watch in installments and not really miss any continuity . It 's a long movie for one so hectic , so taking a break here and there is okay . The language was tame so kids could enjoy this , too . In fact , I do n't recall any swearing in here , except the guy in the theater next to me who kept uttering , " What a dumb , f --- ing movie . " I thought it was fun two hours but I 'd rather watch it on DVD and take a few breaks .
1 I make just one apology for this film : there are far , far , too many wide angle close - ups , and if they irritate you beyond endurance , fair enough . They drove ME barmy for the first ten minutes or so . But after that I made a kind of a truce with the terrible cinematography ; and long before the end of the film , I had ceased to care . This is too rich a comedy to be destroyed so easily . It 's hilarious , it 's witty , the comic delivery of ALL of the cast is flawless , and however much Usher peers at his characters through a cold , fish - eye lens - HE may not care for them much - he manages to present them with warmth . ` Mystery Men ' is , in fact , not only funnier , not only more clever , but also deeper , than anyone seems to have given it credit for being . The jokes in the Austin Powers movies , for instance , as well as being less funny than the jokes here , are also much more toothless . The satire of ` Mystery Men ' bites when there 's something worth biting and gnaws gently when there is n't . It does n't mock just any old thing . Which is why , contrary to what some ( I must regard them as unobservant ) critics have said , it never runs out of ideas.<br /><br />The ` super ' heroes are an attractive bunch . Sure , they 're second - rate , but they 're not merely second rate . The Blue Rajah , for instance , does nothing but throw cutlery at people , and he is n't THAT good at it . On the other hand , neither is he comically bad . He 's better in his limited field than most people , and he DOES practise diligently . He 's not a buffoon , which makes him a much funnier character than if he was . If Superman is Christ in a cape , the Mystery Men are all the minor demigods from the foothills of Mount Olympus , in capes . Much funnier ; also much more endearing .
1 I really did n't expect much from this movie , but it was n't bad ; actually it was quite good . This movie contained a couple of the funniest bits of writing I have ever seen from a motion picture . Now am not saying this is one of the funniest movies of all time , but I laughed pretty hard at some parts . " The police ruled my father 's death a suicide . They said he fell down an elevator shaft . Onto some bullets " . Now this movie is not for everybody , its mostly stupid humor like Zoolander or Dodgeball ; so if you hated these movies I would probably recommend you to steer clear . Overall it was an enjoyable movie , about a group of superhero wannabes , who end up becoming real heroes in the end . It 's a vastly overrated comedy that many people probably have n't seen yet , because like me before viewing it expected it to be utter garbage . After viewing this film , I finally understand why this movie was able to assemble such a superstar cast which includes Ben Stiller , William H. Macy , Hank Azaria , and even that kid from Good Burger . It 's because Mystery Man is full of excellent comedic writing period 7 out of 10 . A very big surprise .
1 A film about wannabee 's , never - were 's and less - than - heroes making it against all odds . Where have we heard that before . But when the unfortunates are the Shoveller , the Blue Raja and Mr . Furious you know this is not your conventional rags to riches story.<br /><br />A classic performance by Eddie Izzard as Tony P. one of the Disco boys leaders and Geoffrey Rush as Arch Villain shows actual thought went into the casting . < br /><br />Even Greg Kinnear , at first glance an odd choice for the role of Captain Amazing turns out spot on.<br /><br />Watch this film if you 're sick of comic - gone - film stereotypes . Why could n't anger be a super power ?
1 * * * * * * WARNING : MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS**************<br /><br />So who are these " Mystery Men ? " Simply put , the Mystery Men are a group of sub - Heroes desperately trying to live out their adolescent fantasy lives while botching both their real identities and their super identities . The Shoveller ( Bill Macy ) works construction during the day , and at night , leaves his wife and kids at home while he cruises the street looking for crimes to tackle with his extraordinary and unique Shovel - fighting style . The Blue Raja ( Hank Azaria ) sells silverware to newlyweds by day and flings tableware at crackpot villians by night , if his mom is n't keeping him busy with the latest snooping . Mr. Furious works in a junk yard to earn his pay , then takes out his frustration on his friends at night , tossing ill - conceived one - liners at friend and foe alike and threatening to get really angry ( leaving everyone to wonder , So What ? ) . Ben Stiller breathes such life into this character , you ca n't help but love him.<br /><br />These three spend their nights trying to capture that ' moment of glory ' they 've dreamed about ... becoming real Super Heroes . Obviously , it could happen . Champion City has Captain Amazing , after all ... a flying , fighting super - cop with enough corporate logos on his costume to stop an extra bullet or two . Greg Kinnear turns in a stellar performance as a middle - aged sellout trying to recapture his fans attention in the twilight of his career.<br /><br />To bring back that ' extra magic ' that might win the endorsements again , C.A. frees Casanova Frankenstein , a WAAAAAY over - the - top menace played to chilling perfection by Goeffrey Rush . This lunatic genius has created a ' psychofrakulator ' to warp Champion City into a reflection of his own insanities ... and ends up capturing C.A. within hours of his release from prison . This leaves only the Mystery Men to stop Frankenstein 's evil plan , but with such henchmen as the Disco Boys protecting Frankenstein , the trio are going to need a little help.<br /><br />Recruiting commences , and after a painful recruitment party , the team settles in with The Bowler ( Janeane Garofolo ) , who initially has the only real talent in the team , with her mystic bowling ball seemingly animated by the vengeful spirit of her dead father ; the Invisible Boy ( Kel Mitchell ) , who CLAIMS to turn invisible when ABSOLUTELY NO ONE is looking at him ; the Spleen ( Paul Reubens ) , granted mystically powerful flatulence by an angry gypsy ; and the much underused Sphinx ( Wes Studi ) , who is shown to be able to cut guns in half with his mind , then spends much of the rest of the movie spouting inane riddles and acting over - wise.<br /><br />This film really is a cross - genre romp . Anyone wanting to pigeon - hole films into neat little categories is fighting a losing battle . This is a spoof / parody of the superhero genre - from the pseudo - Burton sets recycled endlessly ( and occasionally decorated with more spoof material ) to the ridiculous costumes , the comic - book genre gets a pretty good send - up . But at the same time , it is a serious superhero flick , as well . Both at once . While not a necessarily unique idea in itself ( for example , this movie is in some ways reflective of D.C. Comic 's short - lived Inferior Five work ) , it is fairly innovative for the big screen . It offers the comic - book world that requires a suspension of disbelief to accept anyway , then throws in the inevitable wanna - bes - and we all know , if superheroes were real , so would these guys be real . If the Big Guy with the S were flying around New York City , you 'd see a half - dozen news reports about idiots in underwear getting their butts kicked on a regular basis . Sure , the Shoveller fights pretty well , and the Blue Raja hurls forks with great accuracy - all parts of the super - hero world . But does that make them genuine super - heroes ? Only in their minds.<br /><br />This movie is also a comedy , albeit a dark one . Inevitable , when trying to point out the patent ridiculous nature of super - heroics . One - liners fly as the comic geniuses on stage throw out numerous bits to play off of . Particularly marvelous is the dialogue by Janeane Garofalo with her bowling ball / father . Yet , it is n't a comedy in the sense of side - splitting laughter or eternally memorable jokes . It mixes in a dose of drama , of discovery and of romance , but never really ventures fully into any of it.<br /><br />What really makes Mystery Men a good film , in the end , is that it is very engaging . The weak / lame good guys are eventually justified and , for one shining moment , really become super - heroes ; justice is served ; and the movie ends with a scene that reeks of realism ( as much realism as is possible in a world where bowling balls fly and glasses make the perfect disguise ) . If the viewer stops trying to label the film , then the film can be a great romp.<br /><br />Of course , no movie is perfect . Claire Forlani comes off as bored and directionless as Mr. Furious ' love interest , in spite of having a pivotal role as his conscience . Tom Waits seems somehow confused by his own lines as the mad inventor Dr. Heller , although his opening scenes picking up retired ladies in the nursing home is worth watching alone . And the villians are never more than gun - toting lackeys ( a point of which is made in the film ) . The cinematography is choppy and disjointed ( such as happens in the average comic book , so it is excusable ) , the music sometimes overpowers the scenery , and the special effects are never quite integrated into the rest very well.<br /><br />Yet , overall , this film is incredible . You probably have to be a fan of comics and the superhero genre to really appreciate this movie , but it 's a fun romp and a good way to kill a couple of hours and let your brain rest.<br /><br />8/10 in my opinion .
1 The directing behind this film was fantastic for a comedy . Many of the scenes appear to be out of a comic book and much darker ( visually -- not story wise ) than what I expected . Granted , this may not be the funniest movie ever made , especially if you are into very crude sexist jokes as this has very little of that ( compared to others like Something About Mary or American Pie ) . As you rewatch it , several jokes stand out and get funnier . If you have ever read a comic book or watched a comic book - type movie ( Batman , X - Men , etc . ) and liked them , you will probably enjoy the subtle humor that continues throughout the movie . If you did n't like them , you may like the respectful ridicule that this film has for those . If you did like this movie , the dvd has some cool extras . ( 8/10 )
1 The first thing I thought after watching " Mystery Men " was how could this movie be so unpopular ? I found this movie so adorable and funny that it 's status as a bomb defies logic . Well , I hope that in the future it becomes a cult hit , and you can count me amoung it 's fans.<br /><br />Simply put , and without giving too much away , this movie does for comic books what " the Princess Bride " did for fairy tales and " Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " did for classic cartoons . That should give you a more accurate idea of the tone of the movie then the marketing commitee it was unfortunately signed to ( this is one of those cases like " the Iron Giant " where the studio had no clue what it had on it 's hands ) . Rent it the next time you 're in the mood for something a little offbeat . You wo n't listen to the BeeGees in the same light ever again .
1 A lot of the user comments i have seen on the IMDB for this movie do n't really do it justice . First of all , let me just say that this movie is not to be taken seriously . It 's supposed to be a fun , yet stupid movie , that does n't require one to think , only to enjoy it . If you watch this movie with the intent to see a masterpiece in either filmmaking or in humour , then you will be sorely disappointed . Yet , if you want to just watch a goofy movie with some talented actors / actresses , and some good catch - phrases , then you will enjoy it .
1 I 've seen Mystery Men cop a bit of stick in the press and with the general public ( take the imdb vote for instance ) , but my overall feeling is that Mystery Men is more fun than most films , definitely wittier than most so - called comedy films and very nearly ' clever'.<br /><br />The cast is superb ; Greg Kinnear is excellent , as are Geoffrey Rush and Tom Waits . Kinnear 's limo scene with Ricky Jay is perfect ' spoiled movie star ' and he imbues his character with the right balance of comic book quality and realism to make him work.<br /><br />I will admit the pacing is a little off in places , and visuals are certainly very flash bang , possibly to the detriment of further characterisation , but at the end of the day , this is high concept film making - it 's about the little moments " What 's Up Tiger Lily ? " - and there are so many great ones in this film to make it worth repeated viewing .
1 MYSTERY MEN has got to be THE stupidest film I 've ever seen , but what a film ! I thought it was fabulous , excellent and impressive . It was funny , well - done and nice to see ridiculous Super Heroes for a change ! And being able to pull it off ! This was great ! I 'll definitely watch it again !
1 There are many problems with Mystery Men . First of all there are too many different characters for all of them to be given complex or even interesting personalities . The special effects detract from the story and are not really that special . Paul Reubens is wasted in a pathetic , juvenile role as a character who merely farts and speaks in an inaudible accent.<br /><br />Now onto the decent parts . William H Macy , three heavenly words , and his performance as the shoveler is pitch perfect . The sphinx is an exceptionally funny character who is only mysterious and merely spouts out the traditional mystical proverbs . Ben Stiller is very amusing as well , showing a weak character trying to make it into the big leagues of superheroes . All of the characters do , and that is an area which I found particuarly ironic . That is because all of the actors are Indie film actors trying to make it into the big leagues of Hollywood.<br /><br />To be honest , the reason I thought it failed at the box - office is that America does n't get irony.<br /><br />All in all I loved the film , but I feel it would have worked better if more effort was put into tweaking the script rather than having unneccesary CGI landscapes and effects .
1 I saw this movie the day it came out last year . Hilarious I thought . Well , now it 's on video and I saw it again . I love this movie ! The things they do are sometimes dumb but that 's what makes it my third favorite movie of all time . The special effects are okay , but the witty dialog will have you rolling . I 'm the kind of person that 'll say i 'm inspired by this movie , so if you like dramas and other stuff , avoid . But for all others , enjoy ! The acting is superb . Hank Azaria is hands down the best ( he 's neither a commie , nor a fruit ) followed by Ben Stiller ( uh , do n't correct me . it sickens me ) and then William H. Macy delivering his best performance ( outshining fargo ) Everybody has praised everyone from macy to garafalo , but I think Kel Mitchell was pretty good as Invisible Boy . Two problems : The most boring part of the film is the subplot of the romance between Stiller and Claire Forlani , and the Casanova parole hearing . Some scenes absolutely advance the story in no way , but they 're a blast . Kinka and especially the writers tend to drag on a scene untill all it 's hilarity is gone , but bam they switch and you 're ready for more . I swear after seeing this , you will be tired from the explosive climax ( which I think was pretty cool ) The camera is pretty cool also , moving at a furious pace with the actors . Also , Tom Waits delivers an outstanding performance ( he has this kinda cool bad hero coolness to him ) and like someone else said , the best parts are when the characters show some humanness to them . Captain Amazing is pretty funny , ( especially his speech to Casanova about his perfect plan - I was rolling ) and rush is pretty cool as Casanova . One beef : the funniest comedian ever ( eddie izzard ) is almost wasted , but his heart is in the right place . So all in all , a wonderful movie . I give it twenty stars and hope that someday , everyone will see the brilliance in the film 's best parody , the Six Million Dollar Man one . Laughing right now as I think about it . 20/10
1 I 've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time . " Mystery Men " takes its place among the classic comic - strip spoofs on TV like " Batman " and " Captain Nice " and cartoons like " Underdog " and " Super Chicken . " The same spirit lives in all of them : the comic tongue - in - cheek tone ; the courage to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of looking ridiculous ; the not - so - sure - footed way that these characters manage to prevail over their adversaries . It 's the misfired spark of nobility igniting in the weak and the ordinary , and it 's wonderful to see it glow so high and bright here.<br /><br />"Mystery Men " opens on a party at a nursing home . I wish Kinka Usher had had the sense to give more energy and life to the old people in the scene . As it is , it looks like something George Romero might have devised . We need to get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone else , or it feels patronizing . By the time the Red Eyes crash the festivities , you half expect Tom Waits who plays a weapons inventor with a penchant for ladies in their eighties to stand up and shout : " Just what this party needs -- a little excitement ! " If writer Neil Cuthbert had any sense , he would have had Waits mixing it up with the intruders and egging on the partiers to do the same . It would have made for a rousing beginning , and a better introduction of the troublesome trio : the Shoveler ( William Macy ) ; the Blue Raja ( Hank Azaria ) ; and Mr. Furious ( Ben Stiller ) , who seem to come out of nowhere to save the day . < br /><br />There are many other problems to " Mystery Men " than I care to go into ; among them that the villain Casanova Frankenstein needs to have as cultivated a sense of the absurd as the rest of the people in this movie , and he does n't . Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the part ; he needs to be way over the top to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic one . And Rush has never exhibited a talent for the outre . You hope for the ripe theatrics of a John Lithgow in " The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai " or the dry , debonair diffidence of a Paul Freeman in " Raiders of the Lost Ark. " Instead what we get is pastiche ; something half - baked and not fully realized.<br /><br />There are too many ideas running through " Mystery Men " for anyone to tie them neatly together , and that may be its deepest problem . But whatever kind of a mess it is is the kind of mess I love . Ben Stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the roles he takes . This one is no exception , but he goes at it with such conviction that you come away feeling that he 'd learned something about comedy growing up in a household run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara . His Roy is related to all the put - upon , overly sensitive , chronically defensive types that Woody Allen made popular . And whether it 's wheedling his way into the affections of the waitress at his favorite hangout ( the sleek Claire Forslani ) , or questioning the wisdom of a fellow superhero ( Wes Studi as the Sphinx ) , or giving a new member of their " elite " group ( Jeaneane Garofalo in what are possibly her funniest moments on screen ) a hard time , he makes it always fun to watch . I could n't exactly say that about him in " There 's Something About Mary." < br /><br />Jeaneane Garofalo proves with this performance that she should have been the star of " One True Thing , " not Renee Zellweger . I do n't think I have ever seen funnier exchanges between a daughter and father ( okay , so he 's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball , so sue me ) in the movies . And the funny part about this role is that it feels like a screwball reprise of Emily Watson 's spellbinding talks with God in " Breaking the Waves . " And in this version , the girl does n't die , and bells do n't ring in your head.<br /><br />William H. Macy does something very difficult ; he makes stolid magnetic . You understand right away what 's attracted Jenifer Lewis ' Lucille to Eddie . You can also understand her exasperation . The barbecue alone would be enough to drive me over the edge , but when Eddie 's adorable , half - breed son looks up at his father and says " I believe in you , Daddy . " to which Lucille sighs and exclaims , " Roland , do n't encourage your father , " you feel like standing and hailing Neil Cuthbert as a first - rate wit . < br /><br />With Hank Azaria ( whose only moment of note in film up to this point was his bare behind in " The Birdcage " ) and Louise Lasser ( Has it been more than two decades since we first took note of her in " Bananas " and " Mary Hartman , Mary Hartman ? " ) as son and mother who share a fondness for silverware ; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicist ; Kel Mitchell as " Invisible Boy " ; Paul Reubens as " The Spleen ; " and Lena Olin who , if she did n't have the few lines in this movie that she has , would seem to be visiting the set .
1 OK . There are people who should not see this movie.<br /><br />1 ) Do n't see it if you do n't like satire or black humour . 2 ) Do n't like it if you got offended by _ The Watchmen_. 3 ) Do n't see it if you want a serious superhero movie.<br /><br />The rest of you , run , do n't walk , to see _ Mystery Men_. It 's funny , it 's quirky , it 's a delightful sendup of every bad superhero cliche known to man . Occasional forays into junior - high humour do n't ruin the tongue - in - cheek low - key fun of Jeanane Garafalo , Ben Stiller , and Hank Azaria , as well as a couple of amusing smaller parts by Geoffrey Rush and Greg Kinnear . ( Good to see Louise Lasser getting work , too . ) I laughed all the way through . Utterly unserious , somewhat weird , but -good- .
1 I ca n't say that this film deserves anywhere near the amount of vitriol being heaped on it by some reviewers . Yes , it 's bogged down by an overly - padded running time , hamfisted editing , and an overreliance on cheeseball special effects . And it lacks much of the energy a comedy needs to get your average audience member to sit through it without checking his or her watch . < br /><br />On the other hand , it 's also got some laugh - out - loud funny lines , a talented and earnest cast , and the classic underdog premise . Macy , Stiller , and Azaria are brilliant as the " core " team , and Garofalo and Studi do superb work adding conflict and variety to the team . I ca n't say Reubens or Mitchell added much to the film overall , though each had a few chances to shine . < br /><br />The plot , as I said above , is your classic " underdog - makes - good " stuff . No surprises there , since you know they 're going to triumph . What makes it worthwhile is not the absurd , gaudy heroes and villains , but the dialogue and interplay between the characters . Underneath it all , these people are children at heart , who just want to do right . The best scenes in the film give this film its emotional grounding . Look at Azaria 's relationship with his long - suffering mother ; Macy 's endearing innocence in his unwillingness to accept Cap . Amazing 's secret identity ; Stiller 's rage ( not unlike that one weird , spazzy kid you once knew who 'd always go into quivering , impotent rages on the playground ) ; Garofalo 's desire to avenge her father . This childlike belief that a sense of justice and goodness will always make the world a better place , is the true appeal of super - hero comics ; and underneath its parodic exterior , " Mystery Men " shows us why these hackneyed comic - book tropes matter to so many.<br /><br />It never really gels into a satisfying whole , due to the huge number of half - baked subplots ( romance , family life , conflicts within the team , etc . ) , but the main plot is such loopy fun that it makes up for that . The fact that it 's supposed to be good , nonsensical fun seems to be lost on some of the reviewers here , so I 'll issue a caveat : if you 're the type of viewer who finds his enjoyment of an Itchy and Scratchy cartoon ruined by the unexplained and illogical ( " Am I to believe this is some sort of .. * snort * ... _ magic _ xylophone ? " ) , then you are far too literal - minded and humorless for this film . Go rent a Sandler film instead.<br /><br />(7/10 )
1 This is an very good movie . This is one that I would rent over and over again . It is not like your normal superhero movie . This movie blends comedy , action and great special effects . It even has a person in it that does a lot of voices on The Simpsons . William H. Macy is the bomb .
1 I just do n't understand why this movie is getting beat - up in here . Jeez . It is mindless , it is n't polished and it is ( as I am reading ) wasted on some . The cast of this movie plays their characters to the ' T ' ( If you watched Permanent Midnight and became a Ben Stiller fan then yes you will be disappointed ) . These are misunderstood , well - intentioned misfits trying to save the city / world with nothing but grit and determination . The problem is they do n't realize their limits until the big showdown and that 's the point ! This is 3 times the movie that The Spy Who Shagged Me was yet gets panned by the same demographic group , likely the same people who feel the first AP movie pales in comparison to the sequel . I just do n't get it . The jokes work on more then one level ; if you did n't get it I know what level you 're at .
1 This movie is about a Dysfunctinal Family but Not just any Dysfunctional Family . It is about the Family of the Father of our Nation ( India ) although , the film focuses mainly on the estranged relationship between Mahatma Gandhi and his eldest son Harilal Gandhi . It shows how The Mahatma had to kill M.K. Gandhi , how he had to sacrifice his family life in order to achieve our freedom . Every time Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his son would try to get close the Mahatma would come between them . This is a beautifully done film . Akshaye Khanna has proved himself to be a Top Actor . He expressed emotions very naturally . Darshan Jariwala who mainly stars in Plays - Gurukant Desai 's lawyer in Guru has portrayed Gandhi wonderfully.(as a real Human Being , unlike Ben Kingsley who made him look like a God ) Shefali Shah the girl from Monsoon Wedding has also done a really good job of showing how Kasturba Gandhi was torn between father and son . This Movie is touching and so is its soundtrack " Raghupati Raghava " sung in a very unique manner . I saw this movie just 3 hours ago(it released in Dubai a day earlier - on the 2nd ) and when the movie was over there was " Pin Drop Silence " and while exiting out of the Theatre not ONE person pushed another ( Can you imagine us Indians not pushing ? ) NOT ONE ! There was a Sacred Silence ...
1 Gandhi My Father is a well made movie . It nicely portrays the life of Gandhiji 's Eldest Son Harilal . His character , his differences with his father , his love for his family , his desire to stand on his own , his failure , his ego .. Akshaye Khanna completely justifies the role of Harilal . Just not him , everyone did well in the roles they played . Darshan Jariwala is the best on - screen Gandhiji I 've ever seen . But I will cut three points as there were few shortcomings.<br /><br />First , movie was fifteen - twenty minutes longer than it should have . Second , the movie needed more research into Harilal 's character . Somewhere , the character looked incomplete . Also , his relation with his brothers was not shown . There was no mention of any other child of Gandhiji in the whole movie . I believe the character like Harilal should be having at least some differences his brothers as well , considering the egoist nature of Harilal.<br /><br />Anyways , despite some shortcomings , I liked the movie . Recommended ...
1 From very long , we are seeing movies on Gandhi . And mostly , the light is always on portrayal of Gandhi as freedom fighter or man with principles . But when I heard that a movie is being made which will highlight Gandhi as Father and stress on his relationship with his Son , it instantly hit my attention as this is one territory which is least being explored as it has his own dark side and less people shown courage to dwell into it . Fortunetly , Anil Kapoor ( Producer ) and Feroz Abbad Khan ( Director ) did.<br /><br />The story start with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife . Latter Akshay ( Harilal ) joined his father for becoming a barrister but his dream took overturn when his father ( Gandhi ) pushed ( Or motivate ) him to become freedom fighter . It showcase that Gandhi believes more on practical study rather then formal education . Harilal too try to walk on his father footstep but soon failed as its infatuation towards his wife , children and his own dream of becoming big success altered his path and then start the repulsion between son and father . He finally defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and to left him on his own terms . He written back to India but then start his unsuccessful stories which become bigger and bigger with time . I am leaving reader to see movie to catch further story ... <br /><br />Performance . First Akshay . He has given best performance of his tenure so far and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal as Harilal Gandhi . The scene in which he reach the room where his wife dead body is placed is one where you can see a fine actor which is hidden / developing in Akshay . Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and able to live up such a larger then life character . He performed well and with quite an ease . Shefali Chaya ( Now Shah ) as Kasturba is brilliant actress and already proved her metal in TV serials . Bhumika chawla too performed well but actress of her candidature is waste in these kinds of role . Other actor have also justifies their performances.<br /><br />Technique and Make up is also good and cinematography especially that Duo tone color picturisation was too good . Costume looks and match with context.<br /><br />Overall , a worth seeing movie which is defiantly slow in progress and impatient people may find it boring but give you an insight of area which is not brought to silver screen till date . Also , the way story progress and connection of scene may look worn to some people and to critics especially but for an average movie watcher like me , it still enough to make me occupied on my seat till end .
1 " Gandhi as a husband and father ? " has always been discussed by people in India . ' Gandhi ... my father ' is a story that only a few would have known to such details . Surely an insight into Gandhi 's personal life.<br /><br />Overall , I liked the movie for story and cinematography . Jariwala , Akshay Khanna , and Shefali Shah have all done a good job . Most scenes of the movie would be nice desktop wallpapers ... commendable job . Traditional Indian folk music as background score during certain parts of the movie gives a good feel of the happenings.<br /><br />However , what I did n't quite like was the narration style . At several points , I found the tone over - dramatized.<br /><br />Overall , good work by Anil Kapoor Productions . I would recommend it as " must - watch - once " . 8/10
1 It takes guts to make a movie on Gandhi in India , in which he is not shown as a man who could do no wrong . This movie shows how a Mahatma failed to be a decent father(at least in the eyes of his son ) . < br /><br />The performances are terrific , the cinematography fantastic , the direction fabulous , but the film drags . If the intention was to make this movie without any box - office expectations , which i assume is the case here , then its a brilliant attempt , but if the makers were expecting this to be a commercial success , then the film 's fate was doomed the day they chose this subject .. <br /><br />20 yrs from now , this movie will be remembered for the brilliant portrayal of Harilal by Akshaye Khanna . He deserves an Oscar nomination for this one .. And honestly , his is not the only performance worth applauding , Shefali Chhaya is terrific too .. <br /><br />Watch the scene where Harilal hears about his father 's death . No dialogues , No screaming , but a speechless shot by Khanna . Its one of the finest scenes ever shot in the history of Cinema < br /><br />Gandhi , My Father is not at all exciting cinema but yes , its excellent cinema and a must watch . Brilliant Attempt ..
1 Mahatma has been depicted as a man who neglected his own son in this movie . Do n't get me wrong I am not condemning the movie ; it is such a wonderful movie and walked out of the cinema with a lump in my throat . We need to understand Mahatma 's spiritual standing , he is a true spiritual leader . Only a fully enlightened man could possibly detach himself from his loved ones . A man with such caliber leads his family and followers by example . According to the movie , he spoke to his son and try to make him understand where he is coming from , but poor Harilall with so little intellect could not understand his father . When things went wrong with Harilall , Mahatma could remain calm and accepted that his son is a big tragedy . < br /><br />Had it been any other parents , they would have compromised their values to assist the son to get on his feet . Mahatma did n't do that , he is true leader who leads by example .
1 Feroz Abbas Khan 's Gandhi My Father , a film that sheds light on the fractured relationship between the Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi . For a story that 's as dramatic as the one this film attempts to tell , it 's a pity the director fails to tell it dramatically . Gandhi My Father is narrated to you like that boring history lesson that put you to sleep at school . Now the film aims to convey one very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be a fair person , ended up being an unfair father . This point is made in the film many times over , and one of the examples given to make this point is that scholarship to England , which Gandhi twice denies his son . Instead of showing us how exactly Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what went on in his head , the director just moves along with the story , thus never letting us be witness to the growing resentment Harilal feels towards his father . Which is why when we finally see an outburst from Harilal , it comes off looking like he 's over - reacting . < br /><br />The point I 'm trying to make here is that we never really get to understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel that he did . We never really understand why he turned to Islam , and then back again to Hinduism . The thing is , we never really understand Harilal at all . And that 's because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the freedom struggle , a story most of us are already familiar with . To put it simply , Gandhi My Father promises to examine the strained father - son relationship , but it does n't so much as show us where the cracks in this relationship first set in . We understand Harilal had to live with the burden of being Gandhi 's son , but show us why that was a burden to begin with . Show us incidents of their early conflict . For example , it 's not enough that Gandhi merely says he 's opposed to Harilal 's early marriage , tell us why this opposition ? It 's not enough that Kasturba blames her husband for the way her son turned out - for constantly shuttling him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa , for making him relocate every time Gandhi needed to relocate . Words are not enough , show us how these incidents shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi . What 's more , instead of sticking with the prickly theme of this tenuous Gandhi versus Gandhi relationship , the film goes off on too many tangents , thus diluting the impact of the central theme . This was never meant to be a film about the struggle for Independence , and yet on many occasions that 's exactly what it seems like , because the director feels almost obligated to take us through all the main events leading upto that historic moment , even though much of it has no relevance to the film 's basic premise - the stormy father - son relationship . So you see the problem with this film is not that it 's a bad film , but it 's certainly a very confused film . What happens to Harilal 's children after his wife 's death ? Does he ever have relationship with them ? Where do they suddenly vanish after that one scene in which we see them with the Mahatma and Kasturba ? None of these questions are answered in a film that 's basically meant to be about relationships in the Gandhi family . The film version of an immensely popular play directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself , Gandhi My Father is a disappointment , no questions asked . Cinematically , it struggles to translate the filmmaker 's ambitious intention to the screen . Practically every single scene in the film opens and closes with fade - ins and fade - outs , never quite seamlessly leading into each other . On the positive side , there is inherent nobility in the film , which you recognise . The filmmaker makes every effort to deliver a balanced narrative , trying hard not to take sides , never once judging either father or son , painting neither as the villain . What the film does do , however , is make clear the fact that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals may have shaped the nation , but evidently alienated his family . Of all the actors in the film it 's only Akshaye Khanna who really shines in the role of the luck - deprived Harilal Gandhi . It 's a wonderful performance , and it 's not easy since the role covers virtually the entire lifespan of the character . But Akshaye brings a rare concoction of innocence and despondency to that part and succeeds in making Harilal a pitiable figure . Just watch him in that scene in which he discovers his wife 's dead , and you 'll realise how much he conveys through body language alone . Darshan Jariwala , meanwhile , who plays Gandhi Senior , adopts a caricaturish approach to playing the Mahatma in his later years , but it 's the way he humanises the man in his early years as a barrister in South Africa that is the actor 's best contribution to that role . The abundantly gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba , the woman who 's meant to be torn in this father - son conflict , but if she 's unable to bring across that feeling of helplessness then it 's really not so much her fault as it is the fault of a rickety script . Much effort 's gone into the making of this film and that 's evident throughout , but the film suffers from that inevitable flaw that is eventually what you 'll remember about it when you leave the cinema - it 's just so boring . Director Feroz Abbas Khan 's Gandhi My Father is a sincere effort yes , but also a film that could have done with a much tighter screenplay . What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal made each other very unhappy . And with this film , the director makes us too .
1 This movie is simply awesome . It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb . This movie did not create any controversy in India ( as far as i know ) and its publicity was also kept low . Initially i thought that this movie would simply be a waste of time since most of the Indian directors and producers used to change the theme even though its very sensitive and adds a love story in original story and spoils the whole thing ... most of the Indian viewers would agree on this topic if they remember Ashoka , Mangal Pandey , LOC etc .. <br /><br />There have been so many movies in India which would have become milestone or mega hits if the love story part would not be unnecessarily added.<br /><br />But its treatment is pretty similar to Pinjar movie ( also a must watch).<br /><br />If it counts then i would like to thank Anil Kapoor ( producer ) and Firoz Abbas Khan ( the director ) for making such a great movie ..
1 While " The Kiss of the Spider Woman " cast Raul Julia as a political prisoner in an unidentified Latin American country , this time he works for a dictator in a fictional Latin American country . Specifically , the dictator suddenly drops dead , so Julia replaces el presidente with a Broadway actor ( Richard Dreyfuss ) shooting a movie in the country . From there , Dreyfuss has to figure out how to be a dictator , all the while balancing it with his own life.<br /><br />Is it appropriate to turn the tense situation in Latin America into comedy ? Well , " Moon Over Parador " does a good job with it . No matter what they do in this movie , they pull it off . It just goes to show why Richard Dreyfuss is one of the greatest actors of our era , and what we lost when Raul Julia died . Definitely worth seeing . Also starring Sonia Braga ( who co - starred with Raul Julia in " TKOTSW " ) , Jonathan Winters and Sammy Davis Jr.<br /><br />I agree : the first lady is hot .
1 Paul was totally ripped off by someone at paramount who made Dave . It 's the same story , not as funny though.<br /><br />Paul related to me this morning about the scene were sammy davis sings the new national anthem of parador . he arrived in brazil after a long flight from vegas , three planes , car ride to the set , etc . he was beat . he could hardly stand , had to use a cane . he was staying in a trailer about the size of my bathroom.<br /><br />he did n't know he could do it . then he saw the crowd of 6000 extras , paid 7 bucks . he came to life and they shot that scene for two hours . he was magnificent , then nearly collapsed.<br /><br />paul is a great guy , though very liberal . a real talent .
1 ... and if you 're very , very good it will resemble Moon Over Parador.<br /><br />This film had a slightly silly story , but it was a fantasy after all , and the casting and the acting was spot - on ! Dreyfuss was perfect as the actor / impostor , full of all the little neuroses and vanities you imagine actors to have . You get a glimpse of what actors are like behind the scenes.<br /><br />This was one of Dreyfuss 's best roles , just like his character has his best role impersonating the dead dictator ! And the parting scene : like something out of Casablanca , indeed ! < br /><br />Raul Julia was superb as the Paradorian Chief of Secret Police . He gets some really funny lines , some of which are homages to other films , like " Round up the usual suspects ! " < br /><br />And Sonia Braga was excellent as the girl friend -- in addition to being a really hot number : " You should get an Oscar for tonight ! " < br /><br />Let us not forget Johnny Winters as the CIA agent and the several guest stars playing themselves : Sammy Davis Jr. , Ike Pappas , Dick Cavett -- all perfectly done.<br /><br />All in all , a memorable romp under the Paradorian moon.<br /><br />-R.
1 Richard Dreyfuss stars in " Moon Over Parador , " a 1988 Paul Mazursky film also starring Raul Julia , Sonia Braga , Jonathan Winters and Charo . Dreyfuss plays a New York actor , Jonathan Nolan , in the Caribbean country of Parador to make a film . When the dictator dies suddenly , the Secret Police Chief ( Julia ) who is the one actually controlling the dictator and the country , drafts Jonathan to play the dictator , having noticed the resemblance between them . Soon Jonathan is ensconced in the palace as Alphonse Simms , and Simms ' prostitute girlfriend Madonna ( Braga ) who realizes the switch promises to help him in any way she can.<br /><br />Mazursky , who appears in drag as Simms ' mother , gives us a look at how the CIA operates in third world countries . The Winters character , supposedly a salesman , is actually a CIA operative . The film , however , flirts with but does n't really tread on very serious ground and is more of a send - up , and a funny one at that.<br /><br />Richard Dreyfuss does a fabulous job as Jonathan the actor and Alphonse the dictator , creating two separate characters and nailing both . The gorgeous Sonia Braga is great as Madonna , and Raul Julia hands in a wickedly funny performance as Strausmann , the man behind the dictator . It 's one of those performances where you never quite know what the character is thinking - he can be pleasant or turn psycho at any moment . Charo is on hand as a maid and manages to be funny and unobtrusive at the same time.<br /><br />A very good film , not a big blockbuster , but very entertaining .
1 This movie is fun to watch . If you liked " Dave " with Kevin Klein , you will get a kick out of this . Think " Dave " gone South American as Dreyfus plays Jack Noah , an actor between jobs , who is hand selected by the head of the island nation of Parador 's secret police , to replace the drunken sot of a dictator , Alfonse Simms , after he has had a heart attack and died . Noah bumbles along , aided in his role by the ex - dictator 's mistress , as they attempt to thwart the plans of Raul Julia . Jonathan Winters also makes an appearance as a hearty American émigré who turns out to be CIA . ALso starring Polly Holiday and Fernando Rey . < br /><br />There are a few absurd moments such as the body of the old dictator be kept frozen for a year , and the final scene , where Sonia Braga , who has bee cradling the bloody , bullet riddled body of Dreyfus is seen moments later all in pristine white , with nary a smudge on her . But all in all it is a great romp .
1 I enjoyed this film . It was funny , cute , silly , and entertaining . Had a fine cast and really got hammered by some critics for reasons that I truly do n't understand . No , it was n't " The Grapes of Wrath " or " Casablanca " or even " Moonstruck " , but it was an enjoyable film.<br /><br />Julia was excellent playing the psychotic ' man behind the man ' . The story is a little silly to be sure , but it this is n't high drama , folks . I happened to see a review of the film , probably the only good one it got and then ran into it one night when looking for a movie . I never heard it was supposed to stink until after I saw it , and I 'm glad I saw it . Eventually bought the VHS tape on the bargain pile , and I watch it a couple times a year .
1 I thought that Mr. Dreyfuss was perfect for his role as the actor and the dictator . His co - star , Mr. Julia , played his role equally as perfect . It was interesting to see how reluctant Richard Dreyfuss was in replacing the dictator against his will . But he became more confident and comfortable with the role as time passed . Since everything happens for a reason in life , I believe he was forced to replace the dictator because he was meant to stay there for over the year that he did . I 'm guessing that he stayed because he was supposed to see how good his life was compared to the poverty he witnessed in Parador . I think he took too many things for granted in life and he needed to get a serious reality check by remaining in that country for as long as he did.<br /><br />But ........... anyways ........... this is why I gave this film a 7 out of 10 .
1 This is one the few movies I can watch over and over . If you 've never seen it , give it a shot . Richard Dreyfus and Raoul Julia are wonderful together and although the movie amuses me greatly , it reminds me of Julia 's untimely demise . It is a good opportunity to sit back and laugh at the international intrigue that is too much with us in these time of terror and fear .
1 This little - appreciated movie is one of my favorites . I can watch it over and over . Dreyfus and Braga are masterful , but Raul Julia steals the show ! A tongue - in - cheek , menacingly humorous Gomez Addams , with just the right tone for this irreverent spoof of this oft - told story.<br /><br />Generally untrumpeted and unappreciated , Moon Over Parador allows you to check out of reality and join the fun going on up on the screen . Two thumbs up !
1 This is a modest , character driven comedy , filmed in Brazil on a low budget . The premise is familiar , the same as in the 1950 's Danny Kaye movie * * On the Double * * : someone who , as a joke , does an impression of a Famous Person then is dragooned to impersonate the Person for real.<br /><br />The contrast between the two leads is highly effective . Raul Julia as the German - Paradorian secret policeman , is tall , cool , menacing and Latin . He sports a deliberately obvious blond dye job . Richard Dreyfus , animated , short , New York Jewish , is funny and sympathetic . There are many references and inside jokes about show business.<br /><br />The setting is clearly modeled on Paraguay . Paraguay was indeed ruled from the early fifties to the late eighties by Gen. Alfredo Stroessner , an unelected military dictator whose father had emigrated from Germany . But writer / director Mazurszky reveals his ignorance of local conditions when he paints Parador / Paraguay as a typical Latin American tyranny , with huge disparities in wealth and an active guerrilla insurgency . Further in this vein , Mazursky casts comic Jonathan Winters as an American retiree who in truth is C.I.A. station chief in Parador and a figure so powerful that he can give the president of the country a profanity - laced chewing out . < br /><br />In fact the U.S. has little influence in Paraguay , which is largely without the social and racial tensions seen elsewhere in the region . This is due to the country 's having fought long and costly wars against much larger neighbors in the 19th and 20th centuries . The male population was nearly wiped out both times but the society that emerged was patriotic , racially homogeneous and strongly united . < br /><br />On yet another level , there is a bow to feminism in the form of the character Madonna . Played by Brazilian actress Sonia Braga , Madonna is a former nightclub dancer who is the body - stockinged presidential pleasure girl at the film 's start but is seen on television as president herself at the end -- now politically and cosmetically correct , no makeup , hair demurely pulled back , swept to office by a velvet revolution.<br /><br />The one time that such an event actually happened in Latin America , the administration of Argentina 's Isabel Peron ( not the beloved Evita , who never held office ) lasted two years after the death of her husband , legendary * * supremo * * Juan Peron .
1 This is one fine movie , I can watch it any time . Rauol Julia gave an outstanding performance , we lost him too soon . Richard Dryfus is a great talent . Only thing it needed more of was Dana Delany , what a babe !
1 " Fanfan la tulipe " is still Gerard Philippe 's most popular part and it began the swashbuckler craze which throve in the French cinema in the 1955 - 1965 years . It made Gina Lollobrigida a star ( Lollobrigida and Philippe would team up again in René Clair"s " Belles de nuit " the same year.<br /><br />"Fanfan la tulipe " is completely mad , sometimes verging on absurd .Henri Jeanson 's witty lines -full of dark irony- were probably influenced by Voltaire and " Candide " .Antimilitarism often comes to the fore:"these draftees radiate joie de vivre -and joie de mourir when necessary ( joy of life and joy of death)""It becomes necessary to recruit men when the casualties outnumber the survivors " " You won the battle without the thousands of deaths you had promised me , king Louis XV complains , but no matter , let 's wait for the next time." < br /><br />A voice over comments the story at the beginning and at the end and history is given a rough ride : height of irony , it 's a genuine historian who speaks!<br /><br />Christian - Jaque directs the movie with gusto and he knows only one tempo : accelerated.<br /><br />Remake in 2003 with Vincent Perez and Penelope Cruz . I have not seen it but I do not think it had to be made in the first place .
1 The superb star quality of Gerard Philipe , who died way too young , leaps from the screen in this witty , funny , sly swashbuckling comedy with plenty of sword fencing and knockabout antics . Charmingly loopy in its ' storytelling , impossible to resist . A sweet romantic comedy with a very young Gina Lollobrigida as the love interest . A movie one will remember with great affection .
1 This is a tongue in cheek movie from the very outset with a voice - over that pokes fun at everything French and then produces a rather naif but very brave hero in Fanfan La Tulipe . Portrayed by the splendid Gerard Philippe , the dashing young man believes utterly in the fate curvaceous Lollobrigida foretells - notably that he will marry King Louis XV 's daughter ! Problem is , La Lollo soon find outs she too is in love with Fanfan ... <br /><br />Propelled by good sword fights , cavalcades , and other spirited action sequences the film moves at a brisk pace and with many comic moments . The direction is perhaps the weakest aspect but the film is so light and takes itself so un - seriously that I could not give those shortcomings a second thought . Look out for Noel Roquevert , a traditional heavy in French films , trying to steal La Lollo , making himself a nuisance , and feeding the script to the fortune teller that reads La Lollo 's hand ! And what a gem Marcel Herrand is as the megalomanous and lust - driven King Louis XV ! That is not all : So many beautiful women in one film makes me wish I were in France and on the set back in 1952 ! The film may have come out that year but its verve , cheek , superb narration , immaculate photography and the memorable Gerard Philippe ensure that it remains modern and a pleasure to watch . I would not hesitate to recommend it to my grandchildren let alone to anyone who loves movies in general and swashbucklers in particular ! Do see it !
1 It was released in France on dvd several years ago -- I wish it would be re - released with English subtitles . Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews . Gerard Phillippe is a peasant who is told by a fortune teller that he will marry the daughter of the king . He sets off to join the army and goes to war . His love , however , is Gina Lollabrigida in an early movie for her . I wo n't spoil the end . Gerard Phillippe died a few years later at a young age , a great loss to moviedom .
1 This is the last of four swashbucklers from France I 've scheduled for viewing during this Christmas season : the others ( in order of viewing ) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP ( 1964 ; from the same director as this one but not nearly as good ) , the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar ( 1979 ; which had originated as a Japanese manga ! ) and the splendid CARTOUCHE ( 1962 ) . Actually , I had watched this one not too long ago on late - night Italian TV and recall not being especially bowled over by it , so that I was genuinely surprised by how much I enjoyed it this time around ( also bearing in mind the baffling lack of enthusiasm shown towards the film here and elsewhere when it was first announced as an upcoming DVD release from Criterion).<br /><br />Incidentally , FANFAN LA TULIPE has quite a bit in common with the afore - mentioned CARTOUCHE : not just cast and crew members ( producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine , cinematographer Christian Matras , actor Noel Roquevert ) but plot - wise as well – in fact , the hero is a womanizing soldier ( Jean - Paul Belmondo 's Cartouche had also had a brief military spell ) who 's loved by a fiery girl ( in this case , gypsy Gina Lollobrigida ) while he 's himself obsessed by an impossible love ( here , it 's none other than the king 's daughter ) ! As in the later film , too , Fanfan ( an ideally cast Gerard Philipe who , ironically , is so full of life here that one finds it hard to believe that he would be stricken down by cancer within 7 years ' time ) is flanked by two fun - loving yet cowardly men ( one of them is actually his superior officer and the heroine 's own father ) and opposed by an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks ( the ageing Roquevert , with whom the hero eventually engages in a rooftop duel since he too has amorous designs on the gypsy girl ) ! ; for the record , Lollobrigida will rejoin Philippe in her next film , Rene Clair 's delightful romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT ( 1952).<br /><br />FANFAN proved to be a big box - office hit on its home - ground and even copped a surprising ( but well - deserved ) Best Direction award at Cannes over more renowned films like AN American IN Paris ( 1951 ) , DETECTIVE STORY ( 1951 ) , OTHELLO , UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA ! In fact , its popularity ensured its re - release in a computer - colored version ( presumably for the benefit of viewers who would n't touch a black - and - white product with a ten - foot pole ) and the Criterion DVD itself contains a sample from this variant ; being obviously a foreign - language title , there 's also the dubious choice of an English - dubbed soundtrack but , even if these proved not especially painful to sit through considering , when all is said and done , there 's simply no substitute for the original ! < br /><br />FANFAN LA TULIPE ( a nickname given the hero by a young Genevieve Page as the celebrated Madame De Pompadour ) contains about as much comedy as ( the expected ) action and romance ; while some may find this overwhelming , I do n't agree myself as I enjoyed the sharply satirical narration and , on the whole , this combination is comparable with Jerzy Skolimowski 's equally droll THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD ( 1970 ) . That said , the swordfights here are remarkably forceful for an essentially lighthearted enterprise ( particularly a scuffle in the woods and the ambush at a convent ) and the film itself rather adult at times ( with numerous allusions to sexuality as well as coarse language adopted throughout ) when viewed back - to - back with vintage Hollywood fare as I did now ; the climax , then is quite ingenious : the enemy forces ( who , amusingly , are made to speak in speeded - up gibberish ! ) are depleted by our heroic trio alone , much to the king 's amazement who , as portrayed by Marcel Herrand – best - known for his role of leader of the Parisian underworld in Marcel Carne ' 's CHILDREN OF PARADISE ( 1945 ) – is himself something of a lecher.<br /><br />P.S. An Italian TV channel has been threatening to screen Christian - Jaque 's promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES ( 1964 ) for months now but , despite programming it three times already ( with a tentative fourth one slated for next week ) , they have yet to show it ; even so , I do have three more films of his in my unwatched VHS pile ( equally culled from late - night Italian TV screenings ) : the three - hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME ( 1948 ; also starring Gerard Philippe ) , THE SECOND TWIN ( 1967 ) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING ( 1971 ; with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale ) .
1 I remember this movie from the 50s when I was in college . It is one of the funniest satires of American Westerns that I have ever seen . I 'm only sorry that I have not been able to see it recently and that it is is not out on tape or DVD . It is a real treat .
1 The men can slaver over Lollo , if they like ( or her lollos -- she gave her name to a slang terms for breasts in French ) , but the ladies have an even tastier morsel in the divine Gerard Philipe , who is not only beautiful but can act . Do n't be deterred if your version has no subtitles because in this simple , dashing story of love and war , in which all is fair , they are not needed . All you need know is that , at the beginning of the film , Lollobrigida reads Philipe 's palm and tells him he will marry the daughter of the king . Thereafter the story is quite plain from the Gallic gestures and the running , jumping , and swordplay.<br /><br />On the minus side , the obviousness of the story and the heavy - handed facetiousness of the tone become somewhat wearying , and it is annoying that the French apparently consider themselves too superior to Hollywood to bother even attempting the plausibility of its exciting stunts . And of course the non - French - speaker misses the occasional bit of ooh - la - la , such as : Virtuous girl : I must tell you that my heart belongs to Fanfan . Seducer : My dear , what made you think I was interested in that bagatelle ?
1 Gerard Phillipe is absolutely perfect in this movie , funny , tender , brave and lover . He gives a superior dimension to a movie which is even a masterpiece , as much by the other actors ( Gina Lollobrigida : miaoooou ! ! ) as by the story or the rhythm . Never boring , always creating new emotions : for me , the best french movie of all time .
1 The nearest I ever came to seeing this was a clip shown at a Gerard Philippe exposition in Paris about two years ago . I had no interest in the remake and having just caught up with the original just over half a century after it was made I can only conclude that the inept fencing was intentional , aimed at a long obsolete target . Hollywood had been doing realistic sword fights since the 30s when the greatest of them all , Basil Rathbone , crossed foils with Errol Flynn and others so the technique was available and so that leaves only satire . After a while you do n't notice and revel in the Henri Jeanson dialogue reminiscent of the Prisoner Of Zenda , both versions . Gerard Philippe certainly had the presence to bring off a role like this and Gina Lollabrigida was probably a tad better than Martine Carol , the other obvious candidate at the time . The print I saw was particularly bad and at one point broke down completely so maybe a DVD version would enhance it .
1 " Once upon a time there was a charming land called France .... People lived happily then . The women were easy and the men indulged in their favorite pastime : war , the only recreation of kings which the people could enjoy . " The war in question was the Seven Year 's War , and when it was noticed that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers , recruiters were sent out to replenish the ranks . < br /><br />And so it was that Fanfan ( Gerard Philipe ) , caught tumbling a farmer 's daughter in a pile of hay , escapes marriage by enlisting in the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but only by first believing his future as foretold by a gypsy , that he will win fame and fortune in His Majesty 's uniform and will marry the King 's daughter . Alas , Adeline ( Gina Lollobrigida ) is not a gypsy but the daughter of the regiment 's recruiting sergeant . < br /><br />When Fanfan charges away from the recruits , saber in hand to rescue a carriage under attack , who should be inside but the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the King 's daughter . He now is convinced he will marry high , despite the extremely low - cut blouses Adeline wears . She , in turn , will soon discover her own love for Fanfan . We 're in the middle of an irreverent movie of Fanfan 's destiny , the ribald adventures of a sword - fighting scamp and rogue . There are escapes from hangings , swordfights on tile roofs , blundering battles , romantic escapes and more joyous derring do than you can imagine . What Fanfan lacks in polish he makes up for in irreverence and enthusiasm . He 's a quick stepping swordsman and a fast - talking lover , but with such naïve belief in his destiny and such an optimistic nature , how can we not like him ? < br /><br />Gerard Philipe was an iconic stage and screen actor ( who Francois Truffaut disparaged constantly in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema ) . He did most of his own stunts . He was handsome , athletic , graceful and charismatic . Men admired him and women dreamed about him . He was dead at 36 , seven years after Fanfan , of liver cancer . All of France mourned . Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds her own . It 's not those low - cut blouses that do her acting . She 's sharp , passionate , not quite innocent and no one 's fool . < br /><br />Fanfan la Tulipe just sings along with endless satiric action , pointed situations and good nature . Not to mention amusing , acerbic dialogue . After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging , she meets the king in his private quarters . " Give me your pretty little hand , " he says . " But my heart belongs to Fanfan , " says Adeline . " Who asks for your heart ? " says the king , " All I ask for is a little pleasure . " " I 'm a proper girl , " says Adeline . Says the king , " You owe my esteem to your merits . You love Fanfan ? Then thank me . My whims enable you to show the greatest proof of your love , by betraying for his sake the loyalty you have sworn him . " Now this is clever , funny stuff . < br /><br />Jean - Luc Godard , Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave gang tended to detest popular movies as mere entertainment ( and they personalized their attacks ) . Fanfan la Tulipe and its director , Christian - Jacques , were among their prime targets . They probably missed the point of Fanfan , which is a very funny satire on the pointlessness of armies and war . How much better it must have seemed to make movies of angst which only fellow cineastes could appreciate . Thank goodness some of them , Truffaut and Chabrol , for example , outgrew this childish condescension and came to recognize that a good movie is a good movie , whether the masses like it or just the cognoscenti . A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate any , if the movies are well made . Those who condescend to a movie based on its degree of popularity are as self - demeaning as those who brag they 've never read Harry Potter . < br /><br />Jean - Luc Godard , eat your heart out . Viva Fanfan !
1 This was one of the highlights of ST : TNG 's semi - forgettable second season , before they ' grew up ' or grew into their own in the third season and beyond . This was not only a showcase for up - and - comers like Bill Campbell and Teri Hatcher , but was also the continuation of Data 's search for his ' humanity ' , this time through the concept of comedy . Still one of my favorite episodes.<br /><br />On a side - note , I 'm still disappointed that there is no credit for the actress with whose character Okona was about to have a tryst(after Teri Hatcher 's character ) before being rudely interrupted by Lt Worf . I remember watching this episode ' first - run ' at my friends comic shop back in the day and we all thought she would 've been a perfect Jean Grey / Marvel Girl.<br /><br />It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is ...
1 Anyone who does n't like this film is one who is afraid to explore his or her own demons . This film does make the viewer a little uncomfortable at times , but that is its intention . It asks you to look at your own life and confront the obstacles head on like Lou eventually does . It asks you to overcome the fear of perception and become who you are meant to be . Bret Carr holds up a mirror unlike any filmmaker has . The intention and the message is clear and profound . People 's apprehension about this film stems only from their own insecurities . An open - minded viewer takes this inspirational message and runs with it . Sometimes a life- changing realization DOES come in a flash -- a light bulb going on . This story is real and changes the lives if its viewers in a real way .
1 I watch movies for a living , picking out which ones are good enough to distribute ... Tossing aside those that do n't make the cut . I 'm not saying that I know more than anyone else based on this , I 'm just leading you to how I came to watch " The Gospel of Lou " ... Anyways ... So many bad movies land on my desk and I actually sit through all of them . I do n't actually " watch " everything , usually I just look over at the TV occasionally while I 'm working the scan for production value , performance , and how well the story is being presented . If something catches my eye I 'll take the time to watch it . " Lou " drew me in during the first few minutes where I closed my laptop and wheeled my chair over to the TV so I could completely tune in . Needless to say I was enthralled throughout the whole movie . The story is told well , the characters are either endearing or repulsive ( depending of course on the actor and directors intention for the character ) and all very well played . At times I caught occasional amateur mistakes in the camera work and editing , but the emotional nature of the story make these faults easy to dismiss . I 've heard other people 's comments say that at times the film brought tears to their eyes , other time extreme elation ... I was laughing one minute and crying the next and was incredibly touched by this movie . Sadly I was unable to acquire it because I was - as the saying goes - a week late and a dollar short . That 's the way it goes sometimes ... but at least I had the pleasure of seeing this one and I ca n't wait to see what kind of response it gets . Good luck and great fortune to you Bret Carr ( if you read this ) , you are without a doubt a talent to watch for .
1 This is a unique and bold film . It 's energetic , with highly developed characters . Very good performances . < br /><br />I love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think ... < br /><br />Bret Carr dares to look inward , ask questions , and dig underneath the surface . By the nature of the film , it practically demands that the viewer look inward as well . It can take some courage to do this . I can see how some close - minded people might find this quite disturbing . However , I found it thought - provoking , much more than just entertainment.<br /><br />Bret Carr is truly an original filmmaker , with vision . I am curious to see what he will do next.<br /><br />Watch him .
1 This is unlike any other movie , the closest thing I can compare it to is a Woody Allen film ... But where as Woody Allen is constantly fathoming human foibles Bret Carr appears to be trying to figure out a way to get to grips with that one crippling insecurity that tends to define us for better or worse . In the Case of Lou , it is the root cause of his stuttering , which can be traced back to a singular child hood trauma that is revealed through flash backs.<br /><br />There are so many strangely neurotic people in the world and I believe they all deserve a chance for redemption , although diversity of human character is after all what makes the world such an intriguing place , so maybe we should n't fix our neurosis anymore than we should fix our noses or Breasts.<br /><br />This is an indie film shot on a long shoestring , but the production values are tremendous as is the scope of the film . I feel like its a quirky Gem for the self - help market . I really look forward to seeing what this filmmaker does next , i could imagine a career along the lines of Woody Allen or Albert Brooks , although usually when a guy like this breaks through , he goes off and makes " X MEN " and his humble quirky origins are soon forgotten or are they .... X Men is aout a bunch of freaks if i remember correctly :)
1 It came by surprise . . .the impact & resoloution this film had on my automatic way of being reactive to people & situations . Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger . Much like the way a spoiled child would be when reacting to not getting their way . . .a temper tantrum if you will . Thinking I was hiding this anger from others was the most ridiculous farce of all . What was this costing me ? Soooo much love . . .sooo many blessings . Now I 'm present to how incredible humbling myself feels , and having an ongoing attitude of gratitude for life . . .for what is happening in the moment , without my wild expectations for life to be a particular way , the way I think life or people " should " be . This film has contributed to the freedom I now feel to connect with others , without limits & expectations . . .and to connect with genuine love . . .without fear of loss . . .just to love first , and accept what love is given .
1 This miracle of a movie is one of those films that has a lasting , long term effect on you . I 've read a review or two from angry people who I guess are either republicans or child beaters , and their extremist remarks speak of the films power to confront people with their own darkest secrets . No such piece of art has ever combined laughter and tears in me before and that is the miracle of the movie . The realism of the movie and it 's performance by Bret Carr is not to be missed . The very nature of it 's almost interactive effect , will cause people to leave the theater either liberated or questioning their very identity . Bravo on the next level of cinema .
1 On rare occasions a film comes along that has the power to expand the mind , warm the heart and touch the very soul . " LOU " is such a film . I got " LOU " from my wife who got it from a neighbor who is in the film business . She watched it for a second time with me . We were both enthralled . Her as if for the first time again.<br /><br />"LOU " is a magical piece designed to send you back to the moment at which all of your dramas started taking place . It does this while being relentlessly entertaining . Bret Carr 's acting and pacing as a director do not let you look away from the screen . He crafts a character which disarms with a bugs bunny like , stuttering innocence , but warmly carried with such underplayed sincerity that you forget you 're watching a movie . When the epiphany hits during the brilliant climax , I saw my wife in tears for the second time.<br /><br />As a life coach , I facilitate individual growth and transformation , and this film is a " must see " for life coaches and anyone seeking their own personal growth and transformation . It is a brilliant , creative masterpiece with the power to change lives !
1 I have n't watched the movie yet , but ca n't wait to see it ! It seems very interesting and inspirational . It was one of the most interesting trailers I 've ever seen : the questions it posed really stopped me and made me think , the unique approach to the sport of boxing as a metaphor for the " battle within " ... thank god somebody is hitting another angle with the boxing thing . This film looks so fresh and smart . And the actor is really hot . I especially enjoyed the short clip with the actor from the Rocky movies , really clever . I thought that the topic selected - overcoming adversities and childhood traumas - is timeless , and god knows a lot of people need it . Bring it on .
1 How can a movie that features the singing of Curtis Mayfield be bad ? It ca n't ! The Groove Tube is a series of scatological black - out sketches that makes fun of anything from 2001 to the olympics . The highs , ( Koko the clown , the easy lube recipe ) outnumber the lows ( an all too long " The Dealers " ) , but even the lows are funny . Best of all is Ken Shapiro 's manic dance down a busy Manhattan sidewalk.(That is Shapiro , not Nat King Cole singing Just You , Just Me ) . Definitely dated now , but at the time The Groove Tube was irreverent , bold , shameless and hysterically funny . Ken Shapiro made this minor cult hit , then 7 years later made the Christmas day opening bomb , Modern Problems ( though I enjoyed it } and since then , unfortunately , nothing.(He could possibly be playing drums in a jazz group ) The Groove Tube remains to me an unending burst of positive energy , a movie that 26 years after my initial viewing , still brings me real joy !
1 You know what they say about the 70's .. if you can remember them you were n't there . One of the few things I do remember about the 70 's was the very first hippie and hip social satire as seen from a totally ' underground'or counter - culture perspective .. The Groove Tube . If the humor seems faded or witless now to some viewers it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is n't ' fresh ' anymore .. but hey ! When this movie came out it was a first .. and some of these skits were being done for the very first time ... at a time when Nixon was in office , the Vietnam war was raging , the sexual revolution was in full swing .. and J.Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI . This is a film made before Watergate broke and as such it was one of the first to take a big swipe at the establishment .. to make fun of it and the hippies at the same time . And frankly , some skits are still dead funny . If you liked Cheech and Chong 's " Up In Smoke" .. you will LOVE this film.<br /><br />If you want to know what the 70 's were really like .. check out the Groove Tube .. if you liked the Oscar winning " Network " from about the same year and thought it was right on the mark in its savage look at TV , you will dig the Groove Tube .. which picks up on the theme but plays from the angle of the viewers ... the young viewers who were turning off the TV in favor of other entertainments .... We had been raised on Ozzie & Harriet " Leave It to Beaver " , Father Knows Best , My Three Sons .. Happy Days ... so imagine our glee when those of us who were experimenting with the new life - styles got to see a send up of the box as seen from our perspective ! The commercials by the Uranus corporation alone are priceless .. "Good things come from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from straight film into Fritz the Cat - style animation when the hippies eat the weed is still one of the best segues in and out of sanity i have ever seen on film.<br /><br />If you liked the Kentucky Fried Movie , you will LOVE this film . And if you ever wondered why your weird uncle Harold still gets a wicked gleam in his eye when thinking back to his college days .. this would be the perfect film to watch.<br /><br />Take it for what it is .. a memento of the times ... and a sassy little film that will help all of us who did forget the 70 's to remember them anew .
1 " The Groove Tube " was one of only two Ken Shapiro movies , the other one being the equally zany " Modern Problems " . This one is just a full - scale parody of TV . Aside from Shapiro - who apparently did n't do anything after " Modern Problems " - the movie also stars Chevy Chase and Henry Winkler 's cousin Richard Belzer . The three cast members ( plus some other people in smaller roles ) appear in various skits . One of the funniest ones features Chase in a Geritol - spoofing commercial , in which he 's describing the medicine as his wife strips , and it ends with her humping him . There 's also a pornographic news program , an irritating cooking show , and the epic tale of some drug dealers.<br /><br />Anyway , the whole thing 's just a real hoot . In my opinion , the three best TV - spoofing movies are this one , plus " Tunnelvision " and " Kentucky Fried Movie " ( although I might also include " The Truman Show " ) . Really funny.<br /><br />I wonder what ever did become of Ken Shapiro .
1 Tho 35 years old , Groove Tube looks a lot like actual TV today ! Specialty niche networks ( nude sports ) , a TV show about stoner drug dealers called the Dealers ( ala Weeds , and even predating 1978 's Cheech & Chong Up In Smoke ) , weird beer commercials ( Butz Beer , no less bizarre than Bud Bowls ) , dirty - minded kid 's clown Koko ( shades of Pee Wee Herman ) , even Chevy Chase doing slapstick humor ( a violent barbershop vocal duo ) a year before his 1975 debut on Saturday Night Live . And thanks to the infamous opening sequence that earned Groove Tube an initial X - rating , I still ca n't hear Curtis Mayfield 's " Move On Up " without thinking of naked dancing hitchhiking hippies ---- For similar sketch - style movies , see TunnelVision , Kentucky Fried Movie , Amazon Women on the Mood , Monty Python 's Beyond the Fringe , Dynamite Chicken , and the Firesign Theatre 's Everything You Know is Wrong .
1 Just finished watching The Groove Tube which I first saw about 23 years ago when I was a teenager staying up way past my bedtime watching HBO with my brother and his best friend . We had also watched Animal House just before that so we saw two movies that starred an SNL alumna and had some naked breasts . Good thing our parents were asleep the whole time ! Anyway , there were lots of weird and funny things in this movie that were eye - openers like the Brown 25 sequence of the Uranus Industries commercial ( " with the taste of beef stew " says the announcer as what is apparently human excrement comes out of a white tube . Ewww ! ) or the face of the puppet talking about VD ( a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued on ) . Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their feature film debuts here . Chase is hilarious whether doing a Geritan spot with a woman stripping , having his hands have sex in a " Let Fingers Do It " commercial , or singing " Four Leaf Clover " with co - writer / director Ken Shapiro drumming his hands on his head . Belzer teams with Shapiro in " The Dealers " movie , and on " Channel One Evening News " with one wild bit having Belzer as a black prostitute trying tricks on reporter Ken who plays Lionel here . " Lionel , that sounds like a train that I 'm going to ride like a Choo - Choo ! " Other outrageous bits include " The Koko Show " with Shipiro as a kid clown show host who , after ordering the " people over ten " to leave the room , reads requests of his viewers like passages of " Fanny Hill " ! Or how about the Olympics segment with a German couple making love being announced by two men ( one of them Spanish ) as they get explicit while " Please Stand By " keeps interrupting on the screen ! Or the animated segment on " The Dealers " which depicts dancing toilets after Shapiro ingested some marijuana ! Not everything 's so dirty . Besides the " Four Leaf Clover " skit , at the end there 's a highly amusing music segment with Ken lip - syncing his own recording of " Just You , Just Me " while dancing with suit and briefcase around the city with occasionally a cop ( co - writer Lane Sarasohn ) joining in . So , in summation this is one weirdly , funny movie that seemed to influence other like films ( Tunnelvision , Kentucky Fried Movie ) and possibly Saturday Night Live ( which made Chevy that show 's first star ) and , despite some dated elements , can still amuse today . P.S. While I liked hearing Curtis Mayfield 's " Move On Up " during the gorillas dancing / hitchhiking beginning sequence , I did wonder what the point was with the sequence of the hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up , having them running from the car , stripping on the run , and then having the naked man get caught by the cop who stopped on the road . Guess it 's one of those ' 70s streaking things ...
1 " The Groove Tube " was initially shown on video , in the first " video theaters " here in Boston . In one room , there were TV monitors on high stands , with old movie theater seats , in small groups facing the monitors . There were old refrigerators stocked with Pepsi , and baskets of York Peppermint Patties . In a second , smaller room , there were no seats , just large pillows . That was the ' smoking ' room , i.e. , people got high in there . That act only added to the hilarity of the video.<br /><br />I was a ' frequent viewer ' ; the scenes I liked most and remember to this day are : Koko The Clown , The Kramp Family Kitchen ( Kramp Easy - Lube Shortening ) , Safety Sam/ VD PSA , the Chevy Chase hitchhiker w/ nude runs through the woods , the Finger Ballet on what was eventually revealed to be the nude body of a woman . The last item was very reminiscent of the late , incredible Ernie Kovacs . Now , I 've lost a lot of readers that are under 48 ( " who is Ernie Kovacs ? ? " ) but trust me , it 's funny stuff.<br /><br />One reason I was a ' frequent viewer ' was that I , and my friends , would bring other " Groove Tube " virgins to see it . We would sit and slyly watch the faces of the ' virgins ' as the " Safety Sam " PSA would play . As the camera slowly zooms in on " Sam " , we would wait for that " OH ! " of recognition on the ' virgin 's ' face . Each time was more hilarious than the last . And then that ' virgin ' would then bring a friend to see the show , repeating what we had done . To get this joke , you must watch the video.<br /><br />Yes , some of it is dated , but most plays , film , television , and now videos are . Just look at any video made in the 1980's.<br /><br />I did see " The Groove Tube " in a theater as a film , a grainy transfer from the original video . It had been cut , and was missing some of the original high - point scenes.<br /><br />The first " Saturday Night Live " show , featuring Chevy Chase , elicited instant remarks of , " that 's the guy from " The Groove Tube " " , so it was a precursor for Chevy.<br /><br />I ca n't look at a can of shortening without hearing the voice - over , " coat your hands with a generous amount of Kramp Easy - Lube shortening ... " and thinking of the " Kramp Holiday Loaf " recipe . Always gets me laughing in the Baking Needs aisle in the grocery store.<br /><br />The early 70 's were parlous times ; " The Groove Tube " was fresh , new , and really ' got ' the humor of the times . It offered a ' hip generation ' , humor that was n't available in any other format / medium . MJH
1 When I was chairman of our college 's coffeehouse , one of our jobs was to review groups and films for student activities . One of the best things to come along in 1972 was Groove Tube . The original premise was that it was being shown off - off Broadway in theaters where television monitors were being placed throughout the audience , so everyone had a great seat . The premise was that the skits would change on a regular basis - ala Saturday Night Live , keeping the thing fresh . They decided on making it into a film for general distribution.<br /><br />I believe the developers said it was the first time Chevy Chase was on film . Watching him run naked though the woods was a howl . Like many of the reviews before mine , it WAS Saturday Night Live before such a thing existed . I highly recommend this vid . I 've told my 13 year old son about Koko the clown- He ca n't wait to get a copy !
1 A series of vignettes , most of them spoofing television of the 1970 's , but also with some digs at the government and corporate America . One of the longest segments , " The Dealers " is not that funny to me and I do n't know what it is parodying . Some of the others , though , are absolutely side - splitting . I particularly enjoy the cooking show segment . Most of the foul words I know are used in the movie , and , if you object to full frontal nudity , stay away .
1 best movie ever ! ! ! ! ! this movie broke my ribs just by the force of laughter , but it was well worth it . i do n't intend to do a summary of this excellent movie , just go see it if you have the chance . i think you will either love it , or hate it . that 's the qualities of a real cult movie .
1 A series of shorts spoofing dumb TV shows , Groove Tube hits and misses a lot . Overall , I do really like this movie . Unfortunately , a couple of the segments are totally boring . A few really great clips make up for this . A predecessor to such classics like Kentucky Fried Movie .
1 We showed this movie at the local Film Society , and the art - house crowd had the time of their cinematic lives . It 's tasteless , groovy and very funny in a sixties kind of way . The Kraft Kitchen recipe sketch had them laughing like maniacs . The rest is a mixed bag , but the highs definitely beat the lows . By the way , whatever happened to Ken Shapiro ? ?
1 From start to finish , I laughed real hard throughout the whole movie . It 's amazing that " The Groove Tube " is possibly the granddaddy , yet raunchiest , of all comedic skit movies . This is the way I enjoy watching TV without being bored at flipping channels only to suffer from insomnia ! For 73 minutes , the weird , strange humor never stops ! Just think of how all this nonsense laughing can help you enjoy life easier ! It 's way , WAY better than Comedy Central or any prime time show ! Do yourself a favor and trash all those soft , lame romantic comedy movies into the wastebasket ! Better yet , tell your box office manager you want " The Groove Tube " back on the big screen !
1 This film may seem dated today , but remember that it was made in 1974 -- before Saturday Night Live , before Howard Stern , back when George Carlin was just getting beyond the Hippie Dippie Weatherman and into heavy satiric humor . This film is the granddaddy of them all . Enjoy it for its historical significance , as well as for its strong entertainment value .
1 I saw this in Detroit in what must have been its original run . I literally rolled into the aisle of the theater . It was that funny . I have n't seen it since , but would love to . Where do you get a copy ? Anybody saying anything about it being dated or overdone are , for my money , just a bunch of poseurs . Each skit is either wickedly , erotically or perversely hilarious . Each one ! There is not a weak one included . The opening sequence , for instance , which parodies 2001 , features gorilla go - go - dancers with pendulous breasts . Felinni would have filmed it had he the wicked wit ... If you come to this film with an open mind and a blithely sneering heart , you 'll pencil it right into your very best list .
1 I was born in 1982 . Most of my childhood memories are in the extreme late 80 's and 90 's . I watched the Groove Tube for the first time in 2001 , when I was 19.<br /><br />And I found it hilarious.<br /><br />So for anybody who thinks that something " dated " ca n't be quite funny 30 years later .... think again ! It 's funny even if you have no idea what the 70 's were like , and the thought of bell - bottom pants make you cringe . Who can argue with a Bozo the Clown type who reads adult literature ? There is plenty to laugh at . The scrotal puppet show at the end is the best .
1 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * Possible spoilers * * * * * * * * * * There is only one reason why I saw this movie and that was because I have a massive crush on Richard Belzer.(I do n't know that much about humor ) There were some part that were funny Like the Barbie and Ken Spoof and the dealers and the president skit . Mind you this is sometimes raunchy(Dare , I say crude ? ) It was at times funny , but it could have been better . Probably if they spent more time in the humor and less time getting women undress , the movie would had been funnier . Some skits just make you want to gag , and cringe , others skits make you laugh and oddly enough think . Sadly this movie is dated . If you have a mad crush on Richard Belzer(So worth it ) it 's worth checking it out and seeing chevy chase .
1 With the current trend of gross out humor , this film is the granddaddy of them all . While some of the humor is dated , every skit will either shock , repulse , or make you laugh out loud . Most memorable is the sex games commentary and , of course , the VD commercial . It does n't always work , but pays off when it does . I give this a 7 .
1 Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada . While flipping through channels came across the Easy Lube part . My friend kept flipping but I told him to go back . Something about the name easy lube just did n't sound right . Watched the rest of the movie it was pretty damn funny . Jotted down a couple of names from the credits and got home to look it up . Turned out to be Chevy Chase 's first movie . I did n't remember him in it . Did n't remember much about it , so I rented it and gave it a second veiw . It 's pretty funny and quite graphic . It 's just like Kentucky Fried Movie except not as funny . Love the fingers , easy lube , and I 'm da f**kin ' president parts . Dealers skit is pretty cool too . I give it a 6.5 or 7 out of ten
1 A great suspense movie with terrific slow camera - work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy . Director - writer Brian de Palma does a super Hitchcock - imitation ( many called it a " ripoff " ) with this film and the 2.35:1 widescreen DVD is a must to fully appreciate the camera - work ( and several scenes with people hiding on each side which are lost on formatted - for - TV tapes).<br /><br />The downside of the movie , at least to anyone that has some kind of moral standard , is the general sleaziness of all the characters , including the policeman played by a pre - NYPD Dennis Franz ( who has hair here ! ) . < br /><br />The opening scene is still shocking with a fairly long shower scene of Angie Dickinson that is quite explicit , even 25 years after its release . The film has several erotic scenes in it as Dickinson ( if that is really her on the closeups ) and Nancy Allen are not shy about showing their bodies.<br /><br />There is not much dialog in the first 20 minutes and no bad language until Franz enters the picture after the murder . The first 36 minutes are riveting and even though it 's apparent who the killer is , it 's still very good suspense and fun to watch all the way through , particularly for males ogling the naked women .
1 When people ask me why do I like movies so much , I usually respond , " have you seen the art - gallery sequence in De Palma 's Dressed to Kill ? " That scene alone , pretty much represents everything I want to see in a film . If I was a film director , that would be the kind of thing I 'd like to do . " Pure cinema " is one way of describing that sequence , and it is truly amazing to see how director De Palma 's entire movie works at the same high artistic frequency of that scene . It is a dream - like movie , clever as hell , and with more zest and intelligence than a dozen films put together . I think the movie raises an important point that will always be a topic of heated discussion : could a movie rely solely on technique and still be considered an artistic success ? The film has no message to speak of , acting is great but it is at the service of the style , and the script is short on logic . De Palma 's movie makes a really good case that style , when handled properly , can sustain a feature length film . Sure , Michael Caine , Angie Dickinson , Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon give superlative performances , but this is a director 's movie all the way to the fadeout . It is a sensational demonstration of the possibilities of the film medium . I wo n't tell you what Hitchcock movie the film pays homage to ( I do n't want to spoil any surprises ) , but I think De Palma transcends the story 's arc , and he manages to create a film that pretty much summarizes his entire career . Not for the faint of heart !
1 When you compare what Brian De Palma was doing in the 80 's to what passes for entertainment today , his films keep looking better and better . " Dressed To Kill , " Blow Out " , " Body Double " , " Scarface " and " Carlito 's Way " are all superb works of a cinematic craftsman at the peak of his powers . The guy had a long run of better than average films . This is pure Hitchcock with an 80 's dash of lurid perversion , an affectionately told tale of lust and murder with plenty of twists , huge helpings of style , a stunning Pino Donaggio score , and a trashy , giallo - inspired plot . De Palma 's love of complex camera - work and luscious , blood - smudged visuals helps overcome the logical holes while the terrific performances of Dennis Franz , Keith Gordon ( a good director in his own right ) , Nancy Allen ( De Palma 's wife at the time ) and Michael Caine make every scene special . Let the virtuoso take you on a surreal , scary , erotically charged odyssey and you 'll enjoy every frame of " Dressed To Kill " .
1 Psychotic transsexual Bobbi murders the patient ( Angie Dickinson ) of a prominent doctor ( Michael Caine ) and then pursues the high - priced prostitute ( Nancy Allen ) who caught a glimpse of Bobbi in the elevator . Liz ( Allen ) comes under suspicion of the crime and teams up with the patient 's son ( Keith Gordon ) to catch the killer.<br /><br />It can be summed up in a couple of words : it 's very sexy ( Dickinson and Allen look great ) , it 's very bloody - with the kind of gore usually reserved for splatter movies , and boy is it well crafted . Writer / director De Palma 's script is OK but it really takes a backseat to the man 's film - making abilities . It is highly successful on a visceral level and I actually get involved / interested with these characters . I can notice the standard De Palma homages to / ripoffs of Hitchcock - at least from one of the Master 's pictures.<br /><br />And to top it all off , it has a professional and believable cast.<br /><br />This was De Palma 's third movie with ex - wife Nancy Allen ( after " Carrie " and " Home Movies".)<br /><br />By the way , dancer - turned - actress Rachel Ticotin was one of the production assistants . There 's a bit of trivia for you.<br /><br />I would n't think a thriller could be classy and bloody at the same time but this picture pulls it off.<br /><br />One of the best things about it is a typically striking Pino Donaggio music score.<br /><br />8/10
1 Kate Miller ( Angie Dickinson ) is having problems in her marriage and otherwise -- enough to see a psychologist . When her promiscuity gets her into trouble , it also involves a bystander , Liz Blake ( Nancy Allen ) , who becomes wrapped up in an investigation to discover the identity of a psycho killer.<br /><br />Dressed to Kill is somewhat important historically . It is one of the earlier examples of a contemporary style of thriller that as of this writing has extensions all the way through Hide and Seek ( 2005 ) . It 's odd then that director Brian De Palma was basically trying to crib Hitchcock . For example , De Palma literally lifts parts of Vertigo ( 1958 ) for Dressed to Kill 's infamous museum scene . Dressed to Kill 's shower scenes , as well as its villain and method of death have similarities to Psycho ( 1960 ) . De Palma also employs a prominent score with recurrent motifs in the style of Hitchcock 's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann . The similarities do not end there.<br /><br />But De Palma , whether by accident or skill , manages to make an oblique turn from , or perhaps transcend , his influence , with Dressed to Kill having an attitude , structure and flow that has been influential . Maybe partially because of this influence , Dressed to Kill is also deeply flawed when viewed at this point in time . Countless subsequent directors have taken their Hitchcock - like De Palma and honed it , improving nearly every element , so that watched now , after 25 years ' worth of influenced thrillers , much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizingly paced , structurally clunky and plot - wise inept.<br /><br />One aspect of the film that unfortunately has n't been improved is Dressed to Kill 's sex and nudity scenes . Both Dickinson and Allen treat us to full frontal nudity ( Allen 's being from a very skewed angle ) , and De Palma has lingering shots of Dickinson 's breasts , strongly implicit masturbation , and more visceral sex scenes than are usually found in contemporary films . Quite a few scenes approach soft - core porn . I 'm no fan of prudishness -- quite the opposite . Our culture 's puritanical , monogamistic , sheltered attitude towards sex and nudity is disturbing to me . So from my perspective , it 's lamentable that Dressed to Kill 's emphasis on flesh and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not strongly followed suit or trumped the film . Perhaps it has been desired , but they have not been allowed to follow suit because of cultural controls from conservative stuffed shirts.<br /><br />De Palma 's direction of cinematography and the staging of some scenes are also good enough that it is difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does it . He has an odd , characteristic approach to close - ups , and he 's fond of shots from interesting angles , such as overhead views and James Whale - like tracking across distant cutaways in the sets . Of course later directors have been flashier , but it 's difficult to say that they 've been better . Viewed for film - making prowess , at least , the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to build very subtle tension over a dropped glove and a glance or two while following Kate through the intricately nested cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.<br /><br />On the other hand , from a point of view caring about the story , and especially if one is expecting to watch a thriller , everything through the museum scene and slightly beyond might seem too slow and silly . Because of its removal from the main genre of the film and its primary concern with directorial panache ( as well as cultural facts external to the film ) , the opening seems like a not very well integrated attempt to titillate and be risqué . Once the first murder occurs , things improve , but because of the film 's eventual influence , much of the improvement now seems a bit clichéd and occasionally hokey.<br /><br />The performances are mostly good , although Michael Caine is underused , and Dickinson has to exit sooner than we 'd like ( but the exit is necessary and very effective ) . Dressed to Kill is at least likely to hold your interest until the end , but because of facts not contained in the picture itself , has n't exactly aged well . At this point it is perhaps best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example -- but not the best , even for that era -- of some of De Palma 's directorial flair .
1 In France , it 's considered polite from French critics to genuflect to the apparently cohesive chain of films Brian De Palma left behind him . However , a good proportion of his films are marred by bombastic effects " Carrie " ( 1976 ) , " the Fury " ( 1978 ) " Scarface " ( 1983 ) without mentioning his borrowings from Hitchcock . Here , in " Dressed to Kill " , it 's impossible not to think of " Vertigo " ( 1958 ) for the long sequence in the museum while the key moment in the lift makes inevitably think of the shower anthology sequence in " Psycho " ( 1960 ) . About our involved film , I do n't want to revive the old debate : does De Palma rip off Hitchcock ? Instead , i would tend to be generous and to classify " Dressed to Kill " in the category of De Palma 's winners alongside " Sisters " ( 1973 ) and " Obssession " ( 1976 ) . With however some reservations and they 're the ones I previously enumerated which fuel the bickering between De Palma 's rabid fans and his detractors.<br /><br />If there 's one sure thing in " Dressed to Kill " which can generate general agreement among film - lovers , it 's De Palma 's virtuosity in directing . He wields his camera just like a filmmaker expert is supposed to do . His sophisticated camera work brilliantly fuels the suspense which entails a rise of the tension and a discomforting aura . The audience is easily glued in front of the screen . This is helped by the use of several long silent sequences during which everything depends on looks and gestures . By the way , in " Psycho " , there were also long silent , suspenseful parts ... <br /><br />But the main drawback in De Palma 's 1980 vintage is that the quality of the plot ca n't be found wanting and appears to be a rehash of many formulaic , corny ingredients pertaining to an incalculable number of murder stories . The prostitute is the sole witness of the crime . Then , she 's suspected by the police and has to act on her own ( with a little help from the victim 's son from the scene in the subway onwards ) ) to track down the murderer and to prove her innocence . Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a type of character who for once is n't demeaned at all , it 's a menu which smells the reheated . And the filmmaker ends his film on a sequence that echoes to the opening one . Yes , it 's superbly filmed but when one discovers its real function , one figures : " it 's almost gratuitous filler " . Perhaps De Palma wanted to stretch his film beyond one hour and a half when at this time the viewer knows ( and even before ) who the killer is.<br /><br />The two central mainsprings in De Palma 's set of themes articulate hinges on manipulation and voyeurism . The latter theme is well present in " Dressed to Kill " from the first scene onwards which makes the film almost look like a soft porn movie . And the filmmaker is n't afraid to film his main actress and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear . I find his approach about this theme rather doubtful . But maybe the first sequence was conceived to be a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to stir his peeping tom side.<br /><br />I do n't want to demean at all De Palma 's work . His prestigious work in directing which entails a communicative treat to film redeems the global weakness of the story and its doubtful aspects . Twenty six years after , the controversy he aroused amid movie - goers is n't ready to subside .
1 " Dressed To Kill " , is one of the best thrillers ever made . Its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults . Brian De Palma , once again , proves why no other director can match his use of the camera to tell a story . He directs many scenes without dialog , and he tells much of his story , strictly through the use of his visuals , and Pino Donnagio 's brilliant score . Filmed in Panavision , the film MUST be seen in widescreen , as De Palma uses the entire width of the film to tell his story . Cropped , on video , " Dressed To Kill " , is barely the same movie . Solid performances from its cast , superb direction , and , perhaps , the finest film score ever written , make " Dressed To Kill " a must see .
1 This is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from Brian De Palmawith amazing performances all around!. It 's extremely suspenseful , and often scary , and the score is fantastic , plus all the characters were awesome . Yes it rips off Psycho a lot , however it 's still a brilliantly made horror / thriller , with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable finale!. This is unquestionably one of the best horror / thrillers i have ever seen , and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes ever , plus Michael Caine is simply amazing in this!. The ending is excellent , and the hospital scene near the end is absolutely terrifying , plus the end twist shocked the hell out of me!. It never failed to creep me out , and the stalk sequences are absolutely brilliant , plus Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon had fantastic chemistry together!. This is a taut suspenseful masterpiece from Brian De Palma , with amazing performances all around!. The Direction is Incredible!. Brian De Palma does an incredible job here , with Amazing camera work , incredible angles , fantastic use of colors , awesome zoom in 's and zoom out 's great POV shots and keeping the film at a very very fast pace!. There is a bit of blood . We get bloody stabbings , knifing 's , bloody gunshot wounds , and 2 bloody slit throats . The Acting is amazing!. Michael Caine is AMAZING here , he is amazing in the acting department , creepy , is very likable , was mysterious , and really just did an amazing job overall i Loved him ! ( Caine Rules ! ) . Angie Dickinson gives a memorable performance here , and was quite beautiful , and had good chemistry with Caine . Nancy Allen is STUNNINGLY GORGEOUS ! , and is fantastic here , she is extremely likable as the hooker , had excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon , and put on a tremendous show!. Keith Gordon is very good as the kid , he had excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen , and was very likable!. Dennis Franz is good as the detective . Overall this is unquestionably one of the best horror films ever made , and i say drop what your doing immediately and go see it!. * * * * * out of 5
1 " Dressed to Kill " has been more or less forgotten in critical circles in the past 20 years , but it is a true American classic , a film which is much more than just a glossy thriller.<br /><br />I sincerely hope the DVD release will give more people the chance to hear about it and see it .
1 Intelligent , stylish , and compelling thriller from the great Brian De Palma is a modern classic that firmly ranks among his best films!<br /><br />When troubled housewife is brutally murdered by a bizarre stranger , the victim 's son joins with a prostitute to uncover the killer.<br /><br />Dressed to Kill left a strong impression upon the audiences of its day and for good reason . De Palma creates a wonderfully dramatic story that begins with an intriguing setup and builds into a harrowing mystery full of strong suspense . The finale and conclusion are especially ' nightmarish'.It 's a truly edge of your seat shocker . Even more impressive though is De Palma 's elegant direction that gives this film not only tight suspense but a unique and dark atmosphere of its own . Dressed to Kill is also a very erotic film , but mainly in a strangely beautiful way . Pino Donaggio also lends a lovely musical score to the film.<br /><br />The cast is another strong feature of this film . Michael Cain does a terrific turn as a psychiatrist . Angie Dickenson is wonderful as the ill - fated housewife . Nancy Allen 's performance as an involved street - walker is solid . A young Keith Gordon also proves to be a worthy supporter as the investigating son.<br /><br />Many criticize De Palma 's films for having Hitchcockian elements and this film was no exception . But any similarities between Hitchcocks works and De Palmas can only be seen as a good quality , as calling this film a ' rip - off ' would be degrading to a fine thriller . Dressed to Kill is a must see for all cinema fans.<br /><br / > * * * * out of * * * *
1 Dressed to Kill ( 1980 ) is a mystery horror film from Brian De Palma and it really works . The atmosphere is right there . The atmosphere that makes you scared . And is n't that what a horror film is supposed to do . All the actors are in the right places . Michael Caine is perfect as Dr. Robert Elliott , the shrink with a little secret . Angie Dickinson as Kate Miller , the sexually frustrated mature woman is terrific . Keith Gordon as her son Peter is brilliant . Nancy Allen as Liz Blake the call girl is fantastic . Dennis Franz does his typical detective role . His Detective Marino is one of the most colorful in this movie . There are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie . The elevator scene is one of them . There have been made comparisons between this and Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho ( 1960).There are some similarities between these two movies . Both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights .
1 Dressed to Kill understandably made a bit of a ruckus when first released in 1980 : you had " Police Girl " in a role that was mega - erotic , as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums ( and there into apartment elevators ) , plus Nancy Allen as a call - girl , Michael Caine as Norman Bates 's sophisticated New York cousin , and enough lurid imagery to last two movies of the period . Today it 's slightly less incriminating by standards and such , though the unrated version has some of the most " hot " content of any of De Palma 's films , at least in his quasi - auteur period of the 70s and early 80s , where he seemed to repeat themes over and over , ideas taken right off the film - reels of Hitchcock classics and given a tawdry uplift . It 's a simple tale that one partly already saw in Sisters , and then again to an extent in Body Double , and also in Blow Out . Cutie Allen plays call - girl Liz Blake , who has to clear her name of suspicion of killing Kate ( Dickinson , in full blown ' MILF ' mode ) , after being found with a razor , the murder weapon from Dr. Elliott 's office ( Michael Caine , stone - cold performance most of the way).<br /><br />From the start , which De Palma seems to do as a way of setting up a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of topping the opening scene of Carrie ( which , perhaps , he does just in editing terms ) , we get a series of technical knock - out turns through the point of view of style itself : the tracking shots in the museum , meant to stir up more of a fascination with the process itself , of following and wanting to be followed , than any kind of tension ; the chase through the subway ( a precursor to Carlito 's Way ) is done with a precise level of suspense , meanwhile , with a slightly exploitation bit thrown in with the black gang ; the character of Peter , Kate 's son ( Keith Gordon ) , who plays what is essentially a younger version of the real life De Palma as a kid ( science geek , obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism ) . And it 's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma 's thrillers so unique while being so self - consciously untainted by a fearless attitude of film - making.<br /><br />On the other hand , that same self - consciousness ended up coming back to bite the director in the butt a few times in recent years , and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to become very erratic and disappointing as the story has to wrap itself up . As the Psycho themes come together even more apparently ( man who wants a sex - change , does n't even think he 's killing as it is * she * who is doing it ) , there is an expository scene in the police station that makes the aforementioned Hitch film look like an astonishing psychological revelation . And the final scenes at Peter 's house , also calling painfully into recollection a much more accomplished sequence in Carrie , are meant for a manipulation that even for De Palma is asking for it ; the final shot especially , albeit a master 's class in how to copy yourself . Yet there is a very deranged and , within itself , perfect scene at the mental hospital amid this confused denouement , where the doctor does some work on a nurse , to which all the other inmates act like animals in a zoo , and an over - head shot going up and up over the scene is one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever captured on film.<br /><br />A shame then that the film ends on such a strange and unsettling manner , where up until then it is a remarkable piece of pulp cinema , where class is all around in the technical aspects ( soft lighting , intricate camera movements seemingly so simple ) amid subject matter that should be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents . It 's no masterpiece , but I 'd certainly take it over most of the director 's recent thrillers any day .
1 De Palma 's technique had hit its high maturity by the time of this film , which is a wonderful showcase of his classic techniques , though unfortunately , as with many of the films written by De Palma himself , the story serves the meta more than the interests of putting forth an emotionally compelling tale . < br /><br />The story opens with a CRAZY scene in which Angie Dickinson masturbates in a shower while she looks at her husband . She is then grabbed and raped while he husband stands obliviously near—-and the whole thing is revealed to be Angie 's fantasy as he husband is pumping mindlessly away at her in bed . She has a short scene with her son , a dead ringer for Harry Potter , which concludes with a joke that " she 'll tell grandma that he is playing with his peter . " She then goes to her therapy session , where she complains about her dead marriage , before attempting to seduce her therapist , Michael Caine . He refuses , and she is hurt and feeling unattractive and unfulfilled.<br /><br />Then begins a bravura 22-minute nearly wordless sequence that is perhaps the highlight of the film . Among the many things De Palma gleaned from Hitchcock is the understanding of film as a purely visual medium of telling stories …  and in typical De Palma fashion , he turns this into a way to show off his formidable skill . The problem , for me , is that in this instance one begins to feel that scenes are being needlessly protracted simply to further show off the director 's skill . < br /><br />The sequence begins with Angie at an art museum . She watches strangers , all involved in sexual or family activities , then begins to get turned on to a man sitting next to her . De Palma very skillfully tells an extremely complicated narrative without a single word about Angie 's attraction , embarrassment , retreating , and finally finding and submitting to the stranger in the back of a taxi cab , all set to a wonderfully lush score by Pino Donaggio , who also scored Carrie.<br /><br />In the second part of the sequence Angie has slept with the guy , and gets up to return to her husband . Again De Palma crams a ton of narrative in without a word of dialogue uttered , as Angie realizes that she does n't have her panties , that her husband is already home and no doubt wondering where she is , that she has probably contracted a venereal disease , and that she has lost her engagement ring somewhere in the shuffle . It 's all very admirable , but one begins to feel a little strung along as we are forced to do things like take a long elevator ride down from the seventh floor , then up again , almost in real time.<br /><br /> ... Spoilers from here on out ! When Angie reaches the seventh floor again , she is killed by a big woman with blond hair . The woman hacks away at her until she reaches the ground floor , when the door opens and Nancy Allen sees her there . There is a wonderful slow - motion sequence as Nancy reaches into the elevator , Angie reaches up toward her , and the killer 's blade is held poised to slash Nancy 's hands . Then follow some electrifying shots as Nancy looks up and sees the killer in the elevators convex mirror . It 's all good , and by the time we have some dialogue again , you think ; " Woah , that was just 22 straight minutes of purely visual narrative ! " Or maybe you do n't , but I do.<br /><br />A younger Dennis Franz has a great part as a sleazy and tough New York detective who would rather that everyone else do his work for him . He Interviews Michael Caine , making the outrageous implication ( though it passes as commonplace ) that Angie WANTED to be killed . Angie 's son is there as well , and he hooks up with Nancy , and they set about to spy on Caine 's therapist and find out who the killer is.<br /><br />Once again there is a strong tie to a Hitchcock film , in this case Psycho ( just as Obsession is a re - working of Vertigo ) . You have a woman who we are supposed to understand is secretly a slut , who gets killed in the first 30 minutes in an enclosed space , in this case an elevator rather than a shower . Then the relatives of the deceased conduct an investigation , which reveals that the killer is a man who dresses as a woman to kill . De Palma even throws in a doctor at the end who explains the psychology of the whole thing . < br /><br />It is very interesting , but at the same time a viewer can begin to feel a bit jerked around , and that is my primary reservation about this film . It is definitely essential viewing and showcases some of De Palma 's greatest setpieces , but that feeling that the story is running a solid third behind the need for De Palma to show off and his somewhat unseemly sexual fantasies makes it hard to look back on this one with whole - hearted affection.<br /><br />--- Check out other reviews on my website of bad and cheesy movies , Cinema de Merde , cinemademerde.com
1 Dressed to Kill starts off with Kate Miller ( Angie Dickinson ) having a sexually explicit nightmare , later on that day she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott ( Michael Caine ) for a session in which she admits to be sexually frustrated & unfulfilled in her current marriage . Kate then visits a museum & picks up a stranger , they go back to his apartment for casual sex , when done Kate is set to leave but is attacked & killed in the buildings elevator by a razor blade wielding blonde woman . Prostitute Liz Blake ( Nancy Allen ) discovers the gruesome scene & sees the killer but manages to escape . Detective Marino ( Dennis Franz ) says he suspects Liz as being the killer as there are no other witnesses so Liz teams up with Kate 's son Peter ( Keith Gordon ) to track down the real killer , clear Liz 's name & see that justice is done ... <br /><br />Written & directed by Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good solid psychological murder mystery . The script is measured & slow at times but it likes to focus on the character 's so you really know them , the entire first twenty minutes is just developing Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed off , then the film switches it 's attentions to Liz & no one else gets a look in . This way Dressed to Kill is quite absorbing & engaging , unfortunately the character 's themselves are n't exactly likable . I found some of the dialogue quite funny at times , especially the dirty talk that Liz spouts occasionally . The killers motives are somewhat plausible but I guess you 'd have to be pretty messed up to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill . It 's a good film but it did n't excite me that much & I did n't really find any character to root for or like . The film tacks on a needless & unnecessary twist ending that I did n't really see the point of.<br /><br />Director De Palma directs with style & visual flair , from the art museum sequence to a car chase & as a whole it 's impeccably filmed throughout . I 'd imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill had a great deal of thought put into it . I felt the film was a bit flat & uninspired at times though , nothing about it really excited me that much . There is a fair bit of nudity , some sex & rape along with a few bits of gore & violence , Kate 's murder by razor blade in the elevator being the highlight , if that 's the right word . However , it 's by no means as shocking or controversial when viewed today as many would have you believe.<br /><br />With a supposed budget of about $ 6,500,000 Dressed to Kill has that glossy high production value feel of a Hollywood film . The New York locations are nice , the cinematography is good & as a whole it 's extremely well made . I thought the music was inappropriate & was far to loud & intrusive . The acting is OK but despite his top billing I did n't think Caine had that much screen time . Allen was married to director De Palma at the time Dressed to Kill was made , interestingly out of the four films she appeared in made by De Palma in two of them , this & Blow Out ( 1981 ) , he cast her as a prostitute ... A body double was used for Dickinson as she pleasures herself in a shower at the start.<br /><br />Dressed to Kill is a good thriller that is well worth watching but I did n't think it quite lived up to it 's lofty reputation . Good but not brilliant .
1 May contain minor spoilers.<br /><br />Dressed to Kill , having just seen it for the first time the other day , is a movie with some terrific sequences , some decent performances , and a nice , though obvious Hitchcock ripoff , plot twist at the end . It 's just too bad certain things , quite obvious , prevent it from being a classic.<br /><br />Dressed to Kill deals with a mystery of a killer who has slain at least two women ( could have been more but the movie never tells us ) , and the search for the killer by three people : a brainy kid whose mom was a victim , a lively hooker whose the only one who can identify the killer , and a psychiatrist whose patient was the slained brainy kid 's mother . There are a host of well done performances including Nancy Allen as the hooker Liz , Angie Dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller , and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot whose has more hidden than meets the eye ; though by no standard is anyone really outstanding . On the other hand Denis Franz , later to be a great character along the same lines on the hit show NYPD Blue , is embarrassing as an over - exaggerated , ruthless , hateful detective , though he takes little screen time so it does n't hurt the movie that much . Keith Gordon , the brain child , is decent , but is almost too smart to really be believable.<br /><br />What sticks with me the most in the film are the tense sequences . The scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is gripping and well done , as is the later sequence leading to her untimely death . I also love the sequence at the doctor 's office , that reveals the identity of the killer , which really makes the whole film come together at once . And there 's a split screen scene that I thought was almost classic . Still there 's another situation when Liz is on a train , running from what may be the killer , that gets taken in directions it should never had with almost embarrassing racial stereotypes . As a thriller it 's tense and quite often believable . As a crime drama it often falters , especially with the incomplete , ridiculous explanation of everything that happened in the end . There 's also a needless , and way too long , dream sequence at the end , in which they had the audacity to shoot someone 's foot for what seemed minutes at a time . This was an up and down experience ; one scene would catch me by the heart and mind with enticement , and the next would make me squirm and ask why . At more than 100 minutes this could have been under 90 and been a better film.<br /><br />Scary movie fans should like this . It still stands as a better film than most of today 's slasher flicks . Maybe it was a better film in it 's time , but having just seen it recently I can say I enjoy it , and it is worth watching for my three favorite scenes alone .
1 A very silly movie , this starts with a soft porn sequence , ventures into farcelike comedy in the art gallery , adds a shocker of a discovery in the hotel room then introduces a random murder for no obvious reason.<br /><br />What follows is bizarre and surreal ( the stopwatch scene in particular is exquisitely unnecessary ) , culminating in a revelatory " twist " ending which is as obvious as it is unfair on the viewer ( see the trivia section for precisely why it 's deliberately unfair).<br /><br />The movie goes out of its way to be offensive to as many groups as possible - transsexuals , the insane , and the wonderful " Huggie Bear "- style racial stereotyping on the subway - and condescendingly treats the viewer like an idiot in the closing scenes , as characters endlessly explain to one another in great detail and over and over again what just happened in the film . Though the background female characters in the restaurant scene at the end are a joy to watch.<br /><br />In fact , the whole movie is a joy to watch : Despite its many , many flaws , the whole package just , well , works .
1 i just finished watching Dressed to Kill , which is written and directed by Brian De Palma.the DVD had both the"R " rated version and the unrated version.i chose the unrated version.since i have yet to view the " R " rated version , i ca n't be completely sure of the difference.there is however a very graphic graphic female nudity including a scene of explicit expression of self gratification in this version.i guess you could call this scene soft core porn.if this sort of thing may offend you , i would suggest you view the " R " rated version.but i digress . Any comment from here on refers to the unrated version.this is a murder mystery/ psychological horror / suspense movie.there is very little violence and blood.there is however one death sequence of note.the act of the killing itself is fairly graphic.however the blood it self does not look real.it is reminiscent of how a 70 's slasher film would look.i believe this is done deliberately to offset the violence of the act itself , to give the scene a low budget feel.most of the violence , or rather possibility of such , is implied.the film is very well paced.as far as i can tell every scene had a purpose , which i find very rare when compared to many of today 's films . anyway , i also thought the acting was good , especially Angie Dickinson.and Micheal Cane turns in a quietly understated performance in his role , which works brilliantly in this case.the movie also has one great twist in it , in my mind , although some people might find it predictable.the only complaint(and it 's really more of an observation)i have is that i thought the character played by Nancy Allen could have been fleshed out more , especially considering she has a fair amount of screen time.but i think she does a good job with what she is given.and this does n't really take away from the quality of the film.the film also has a strong moral to it , which is even more relevant today.but the movie does n't hit you over the head with it.i also really liked the musical score , composed by Pino Dinaggioi felt it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho.to me , this music really elevated the movie.i thought this movie was brilliant.for me , Dressed to Kill(1980)is 10/10
1 The film gets my stamp of approval . The scene in the museum demands acting without dialogue . This is one of the most interesting and unique scenes in the history of film . Dickinson 's character Kate is very well developed and her performance is felt throughout the entire film . The best work Angie Dickinson did since Point Blank !
1 " Dressed to Kill " is surely one of the best horror / thriller movies ever made . It 's taut , stylish and extremely suspenseful mixture of sex and violence . The acting is pretty good , the orchestral score by Pino Donaggio is unforgettable and there 's plenty of surprises to keep thriller fans intrigued."Dressed to Kill " is a murder mystery that involves a sexually frustrated housewife(Angie Dickinson),her teenage son(Keith Gordon),her psychoanalyst(Michael Caine),and a high price call girl(Nancy Allen).The murderer in the film is a transsexual named Bobbi who is also one of Caine 's patients . The film is full of breathtaking moments : the infamous elevator murder scene is extremely stylish and pretty gory as well . Highly recommended .
1 " Dressed to Kill " is Brian DePalma 's best film , an absolute thrill ride of suspense , humor and style that remains unrivaled today . DePalma has a bum rap in Hollywood , as most people claim that he rips off Alfred Hitchcock . He does not . Hitchcock could only dream of what DePalma shows in his thrillers.<br /><br />Sadly , the original uncut version of " Dressed to Kill " is no longer available on video . The current copy released by Goodtimes is the Jack Valenti approved R rated cut . But some copies of DePalma 's original cut still exist . It is the one distributed by Warner Home Video , in both a green cardboard box with Angie Dickinson on the cover , or in a black clamshell case with the theatrical poster on silver lining . These are the ones to get , if you can find a copy . I have the green one and it is among my treasured possessions.<br /><br />Anyway , back to the story . Dickinson plays Kate Miller , a sexually frustrated wife who is being treated by Dr. Robert Elliott ( Michael Caine ) for her obsessive fantasies . While on a trip to the museum ( a real tour - de - force for DePalma in terms of camera work and suspense ) , < br /><br />Miller is picked up by a stranger . You can pretty much guess what happens to her , since the ads and box art give away the story . But there are a few complications . A hooker ( Nancy Allen ) is the sole witness to the murder . Kate Miller 's son Peter ( Keith Gordon ) is a teenage genius determined to solve the crime . And Dr. Elliott 's answering machine has a certain message on it ... about a missing razor ... <br /><br />I'm not spoiling the film at all for you since what I have described above takes place within the opening half hour and DePalma 's biggest surprises are reserved for the last hour . This film is explicit , however , enough for Valenti ( head of the MPAA ) to demand cuts in the film . What surprises me is what cuts he wanted . Several cuts in the opening shower scene and one or two slashing scenes and some of Nancy Allen 's dialogue ( Valenti wanted " cock " changed to " bulge " ) . This is a film that is very violent and bloody , yet the objections are to sexual content . I 'd love to hear Valenti 's explaination at how seeing two women in a tender love scene in " Lost and Delirious " is somehow more damaging to a young mind than Arnold Schwarzenegger blowing away people with a chain gun . It just is n't fair.<br /><br />What makes " Dressed to Kill " so good is that not only are the technical credits first rate , but the performances are very good as well . Michael Caine , who was in a lot of crap in this time period , gives one of his best performances as the doctor . Angie Dickinson is better than usual , possibly because she actually has a strong role here . Nancy Allen adds this to her range of performances that has her pegged as one of the most underrated and overlooked actresses in the world . Keith Gordon is wonderful as the genius and i loved all those inventions of his.<br /><br />DePalma is one of our best directors who has never received the recognition he deserved . The recent joke of the AFI 100 Best Thrillers list showed that very few people actually know what a thriller is . If they were to actually open their eyes for once , they would see that DePalma has staked his career in thrillers and is actually the best craftsman . This is even better than " Psycho " . It 's a shame that very few actually know that.<br /><br / > * * * * out of 4 stars
1 Writer - director Brian De Palma is best known for his string of films that have been called , somewhat unfairly , " Hitchcock imitations . " Contrary to popular belief , De Palma does n't rip - off Hitchcock ; he borrows story or character elements that may have been seen in a Hitchcock film and then expands on them in a more violent , modern way . Like Hitchcock , De Palma is known for mixing blood - soaked death with macabre humor.<br /><br />"Dressed to Kill , " made way back in 1980 , is , perhaps , De Palma 's most well - known Hitchcockian film , and it 's probably his best as well . The story involves a cross - dressing serial killer stalking both a burnt - out housewife ( played by Angie Dickinson ) and a street - wise hooker ( played by Nancy Allen).<br /><br />Yes , it will remind you distinctly of " Psycho , " but De Palma 's flick is just as technically ingenious and darkly creative . The museum sequence is particularly well - scored and edited ; the elevator stab scene is also one of the most uniquely shot murders ever put on film . " Dressed to Kill " may not be a complete original , but I 'd say it 's definitely worth your time . Rated R. 105 minutes . 9 out of 10 .
1 Brian De Palma 's undeniable virtuosity ca n't really camouflage the fact that his plot here is a thinly disguised " Psycho " carbon copy , but he does provide a genuinely terrifying climax . His " Blow Out " , made the next year , was an improvement .
1 This is probably one of Brian De Palma 's best known movies but it is n't his best . Body Double , The Fury and Carrie are better movies but this movie is better than Blow Out and Obsession . De Palma is very influenced by Hitchcock and this movie is a take off on Psycho . Angie Dickinson is a bored housewife who is thinking of having an affair and after her psychiatrist , played by Michael Caine , turns down an offer , Dickinson meets a man in a art gallery and she winds up sleeping with him . After this point it 's best you do n't know what happens but there is a murder and Nancy Allen is a call girl who gets a look at the killer . Dennis Franz is the detective on the case who really does n't trust Allen and she has to find the killer herself . It 's a pretty good movie but is n't one of De Palma 's best .
1 the fact that the movie is predictable is not a problem . this movie is like a beautiful painting to be enjoyed . the museum scene is like a nice music video . the apres sex scene is an all too familiar scene in all of our adult lives . but the movie would not hold any interest for me without keith gordon . keith gordon is maybe one of the most underrated actors of our time . almost everything i know about acting came from studying mostly his eyes . he had the most compelling face . his character possesses the qualities i look in a guy , sensitivity and dedication . keith gordon is gorgeous . BTW , i kinda wish he 'd shave his beard now as his lips , jawline and adam 's apple were his prettiest set next to his eyes .
1 In what must be one of the most blood - freezing movies ever , a transvestite is murdering people in New York , and the answer to everything may not be what people suspect . One can see how Brian DePalma takes some influence from Hitchcock with camera angles and stuff . Michael Caine plays a most thought - provoking character , while Angie Dickinson is basically a bored rich woman with a bad hairdo . Keith Gordon ( who later starred in " Christine " ) is probably the most interesting character in the movie . But you ca n't really understand this movie without seeing it . And after seeing it , you may never know just whom you can trust . Also starring Nancy Allen and Dennis Franz .
1 * * * out of * * * * < br /><br />Yep ! Dressed To Kill is that kind of a movie . It 's like Kalifornia , but it 's different . Remember ? That movie from 1993 which stars Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is " welcomed " by a couple of travelers in a trip to California as a buddy who might be a good company along the way . When I watch a movie , I always like not to know anything at all about the plot , before watching it , because the surprises may get even cooler . That 's how it was with Kalifornia . When I watched it last year for the first time , I never realized it was a suspense movie , so when I found out , I was shocked , and when the movie went on and on , it got even better and I was at the edge of my seat , almost kissing my monitor , so close I was to it ! So , we 're discussing about Dressed To Kill , right ? Before I watched this movie ( today ! ) , I 've only watched 2 others movies from Brian De Palma , so I can say I do n't really know that well his works , but can tell from afar that these 2 movies for me were as great as they could be . Carrie ( 1976 ) and Mission : Impossible ( 1996 ) . When I watched Carrie on the TV , I was really that desperate to get a DVD copy and I can tell : this movie is great ! Mission : Impossible also . And today , I watched a third movie from DePalma . < br /><br />Well , Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia . When the movie goes on , it goes completely different than what you 'd expect . I was watching , very curious , the scene of the museum , where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his cab and they end together in an apartment room . You may guess what may have happened there . But when the movie reached the scene of the elevator , the movie went completely on a different path . I was watching the rest of the movie , and I really liked it . However , there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are completely silent ! Take , for example , the mysterious man from the museum scene . I was always hoping that he could say something but he never did ! This was totally ridiculous and was with no doubt something that made me change my mind by not accepting this movie as at least almost something as a masterpiece . Even in the cab scene , where Dickinson tries to apologize because of what happened in the museum , the completely silent man grabs her , pulls her inside the cab , and they start kissing each other . You know , it reminded me of the Mexican TV series of the 70 's " El Chavo Del 8 " , where some characters are completely silent . Getting past these low points of the movie , it is actually a great movie , considering the suspense , the characters and the plot . Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino ! Reminded me of him as Capt . Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 ( 1990 ) where he plays almost the same kind of character . < br /><br />Well , concluding this review , the ending of Dressed To Kill is the same ending as it is in Carrie ! I do n't know if I really liked that , because I hate imitations ! I understand that Carrie is a movie from DePalma , so it 's not actually an imitation , because after all it was his idea ! But it turned to be a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill , so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream the same way it happens to Amy Irving at the ending scene of Carrie . This was , of course , with no doubt , another low point . But if you get past this , you will find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie , and I assure you that it 's not , by any means , a waste of time watching it .
1 Typical De Palma movie made with lot 's of style and some scene 's that will bring you to the edge of your seat.<br /><br />Most certainly the thing that makes this movie better as the average thriller , is the style . It has some brilliantly edited scene 's and some scene 's that are truly nerve wrecking that will bring you to the edge of your seat . The best scene 's from the movie ; The museum scene and the elevator murder . There are some mild erotic scene 's and the movies pace might not be fast enough for the casual viewer to fully appreciate this movie . So this movie might not be suitable for everybody.<br /><br />The story itself is also quite good but it really is the style that makes the movie work ! It might be for the fans only but also casual viewers should appreciate the well build up tension in the movie.<br /><br />There are some nice character portrayed by a good cast . Michael Caine is an interesting casting choice and Angie Dickinson acts just as well as she is good looking ( not bad for a 49-year old!).<br /><br />The musical score by Pino Donaggio is also typically De Palma like and suits the movie very well , just like his score for the other De Palma movie , " Body Double".<br /><br />Brilliant nerve wrecking thriller . I love De Palma!<br /><br />10/10
1 Yesterday , I went to the monthly Antique Flea Market that comes to town . I really have no interest in such things , but I went for the fellowship of friends who do have such an interest . Looking over the hundreds of vendor , passing many of them quickly , I spotted someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs . Most of the films he had on DVD were rather recent ; the oldest one I noticed was the 1940 Cary Grant - Irene Dunne co - starrer MY FAVORITE WIFE . But the VHS tapes , by their nature , were mostly older films . I could n't resist buying SOMETHING since they were being sold at 3 tapes for $ 10.00 . What a bargain , as Eddie Murphy used to say . I came across one film that I had heard about for years but had never seen : John Cassavettes 's OPENING NIGHT ( 1977 ) . Well , I certainly wanted that being a fan of Gena Rowlands , and I had heard that this film contained one of her finest performances . He also had FACES ( 1968 ) . I had seen this about 20 years ago , a time when I probably had not had enough life experience to appreciate it thoroughly . And I wanted to take advantage of the bargain , so I grabbed that one too . My other choice was CLAIRE 'S KNEE ( 1970 ) . < br /><br />When I got home , I decided to put aside the work I had planned to do so that I could watch OPENING NIGHT . I was totally enthralled by this film . It focuses on Myrtle Gordon ( Gena Rowlands ) , a famous actress of stage and screen , who , during out - of - town previews , is having personal and professional problems coming to terms with both her character and the play 's theme of facing aging . After one rehearsal , an avid fan and autograph hound accosts her with cries ( and tears ) of " I love you ! I love you ! " A few minutes later , this fan is hit by a car and killed . This begins Myrtle 's descent into herself where she must face her own fears of aging , the future of her career as a mature actress , and the inadequacies she finds in the play itself ( written by a much older female dramatist , played by Joan Blondell ) . Throughout the film , she sees the dead girl , an obvious symbol of her past ; drinks almost constantly ; and receives insincere support from her director ( Ben Gazzara ) , the producer ( Paul Stewart ) , her costar ( John Cassavettes himself ) , and the dramatist . Actually , they 're more concerned about how her behavior will affect them and their careers : flubbing lines on stage , improvising new lines , generally cracking up on stage , and arriving for the Broadway opening totally drunk . < br /><br />This story functions not only to address the issues of aging but also to promote Cassavettes 's displeasure with mainstream movie - making . As I watched the film , I was at times surprised , confused , amused , disparaging , but ultimately involved , entertained , and satisfied . Cassavettes really had a great sense of humor , cared very much that his audience understood what he was implying , and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story . He makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE with the use of the avid theater fan , even dressing the young girl in a slicker and hat similar to the one worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of that film . This allusion functions most obviously to support his aging theme , the contrast of the older and younger woman . He also obviously uses the contrast as a symbol for Myrtle 's confronting her own lost youth . At first , I felt the symbolism was TOO obvious , but then I realized that that was Cassavettes 's intention . He does n't want his audience misunderstanding what he 's getting at ; if they did , it would interfere with their emotional involvement . This spectre of youth haunts Myrtle , attacks her , and wants to destroy her . Myrtle eventually " kills " her , but before she can really come to terms with herself and the play , she must reach bottom ( another figurative death ? ) . So Cassavettes has her get so drunk that she ca n't walk and must crawl to her dressing room the night the play opens on Broadway . She resurrects herself ( helping yourself out of such situations is also important to the film 's theme ) and makes the play a success by giving a great performance and changing the direction of play for the better by improvising so that it contains some ray of hope for the aging character she 's playing . These scenes are funny and interesting . Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the play in front of live audiences , who did and did not know they were going to be part of a movie . The play they 're doing also acts as contrast : it 's mainstream and self - serious about the issues it addresses , that is , until Myrtle changes its denouement . In doing so , she also improves the work of her co - stars . The natural evolution of interaction ( achieved through improvisation)between and among human beings , subjective realism , and universal truth - these were Cassavettes 's concerns in making films . < br /><br />Gena Rowlands is amazing throughout . Of course , she has that great face , and Cassavettes ( notoriously in love with her throughout their marriage ) treats us to numerous closeups of it so that we too can feel her emotions and that we know what 's going on inside of her . She makes you care so much about this character that you want to see her work her way out of this crisis of the soul . And this is what holds your attention for the 2 hours and 30 minutes running time . The film is deliberately paced at times and requires constant attention , but anyone with interest in good film - making and great acting will be rewarded . Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies . All others be forewarned . < br /><br />Seek out OPENING NIGHT if you 've never seen it . Everyone in it is excellent , and it 's one of Cassavettes 's best films .
1 It was once suggested by Pauline Kael , never a fan , that Cassavetes thought not like a director , but like an actor . What Kael meant was his supposed lack of sophistication as a filmmaker ; to take that comparison further , to me , it never feels like Cassavetes is directing himself in a film , it feels like Cassavetes implanting himself inside his own creation , like Orson Welles . Cassavetes is just as much of a genius as Welles , but far more important as a true artist ( as opposed to a technician or rhetorician ) . This is like a cross between Italian passion ( though Cassavetes was actually Greek ) and Scandinavian introversion . Never before have inner demons been so exposed physically.<br /><br />It 's about the mystery of becoming , performing , and acting . Like a haunted Skip James record , it 's got the echoes of ghosts all around . Rowlands ' breakdowns , which are stupefying and almost operatic , surprising coming from Cassavetes , are accompanied by a jumpy , unsettling piano . Who is this dead girl ? The metaphysical possibilities are endless , and it 's amazing to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetes film , just the overt display of intelligence ( there is also a brief bit of voice - over at the beginning ) . But then , he always was intelligent , he just never flapped it around for easy praise . This is not " Adaptation " ; here , the blending of reality and fiction and drama is not to show cleverness but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates.<br /><br />There 's so much going on . The pure , joyous love when Rowlands greets her doorman ; the horror when she beats herself up ... The scene where the girl talks about how she devoted her life to art and to music is one of the most effective demonstrations of understanding what it means to be a fan of someone . You can see some roots of this in " A Star Is Born , " and Almodovar borrowed from it for " All About My Mother . " I think the ending is a little bit of a disappointment because of the laughing fits , but the preparation leading up to it is almost sickening . ( You can shoot me , but I think the alcoholism , despite its urgency in many of the scenes , is a relatively small point about the film.)<br /><br />It 's a living , breathing thing , and it feels like a process : it could go any direction at any time . Like " Taste of Cherry , " we are reminded that " you must never forget this is only a play . " Yet it is dangerous : when Rowlands says that line , is it great drama ? How will the audience take it ? Is she being reflexive or does she just not care ? Her ( character 's ) breakdowns are incorporated into the performances , and ultimately the film , in such a way that it 's like witnessing a female James Dean . 10/10
1 Let 's go straight to the point : this is The Movie I would take with me on a desert island ( with dvd player ) . It 's just perfect . If a reason for you to see a movie is that you love the actors , you like to see them free to involve in the space and feelings , this movie is for you . See the scene when Myrtle ( Rowlands ) come on stage drunk and Maurice(Cassavetes ) has to improvise because she does n't follow the script anymore . If you 're sensitive to the camera 's movements , you 'll be fascinated by the way the camera moves on stage , the particular flow , that give you the impression camera follow the actors as if it was lead by the theatrical principle of " private space " ... amazing . And the story is just a brilliant mix of tale and realistic drama . Cassavetes is again arguing with Hollywood and the majors ' politics , but this time , he do it through Broadway , making one of the most exciting movie about theater . Well , this movie is a bliss .
1 Beautiful film , pure Cassavetes style . Gena Rowland gives a stunning performance of a declining actress , dealing with success , aging , loneliness ... and alcoholism . She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts , embodied by the death spectre of a young girl . Acceptance of oneself , of human condition , though its overall difficulties , is the real purpose of the film . The parallel between the theatrical sequences and the film itself are puzzling : it 's like if the stage became a way out for the Heroin . If all american movies could only be that top - quality , dealing with human relations on an adult level , not trying to infantilize and standardize feelings ... One of the best dramas ever . 10/10 .
1 Beautiful film , pure Cassavetes style . Gena Rowland gives a stunning performance of a declining actress , dealing with success , aging , loneliness ... and alcoholism . She tries to escape her own subconscious ghosts , embodied by the death spectre of a young girl . Acceptance of oneself , of human condition , though its overall difficulties , is the real purpose of the film . The parallel between the theatrical sequences and the film itself are puzzling : it 's like if the stage became a way out for the Heroin . If all american movies could only be that top - quality , dealing with human relations on an adult level , not trying to infantilize and standardize feelings ... One of the best dramas ever . 10/10 .
1 I only know of one other movie that could possibly compete with Opening Night and that 's Bergman';s Persona . Both movies are simply amazing , they have a richness of ideas hard to grasp at first sight . We have a profound meditation on the relation of art and life as one actress , Myrtle Gordon ( Gena Rowlands ) , finds herself more in touch with the character she is playing on stage than she would want to . The accidental death of one of her fans , a young girl that declares her love for Myrtle and she is then hit by a car , leaves a deep mark in the actress . She starts asking herself question related to her aging that starts to affect her until the only solution becomes alcohol . But that does n't help to much and Myrtle is one step away from complete madness . The scene where she kill the imaginary ( or not ) spirit of the dead girl is one of the most thrilling scenes I found in a Cassavets film . The movie ends with a display of genius on behalf of the director as he films a theater scene where he himself and Gena Rowlands improvise a scene , since Myrtle comes too drunk to the opening night to perform her part accurately . This scene was filmed spontaneously , with a live audience , the laughter is genuine , the chemistry between Casavates and Rowlands absolutely amazing . If you liked Persona or are interested in a movie that offers substantial ideas alongside great entertainment this movie will suit you just fine .
1 Many reviews here explain the story and characters of ' Opening Night ' in some detail so I wo n't do that . I just want to add my comment that I believe the film is a wonderful affirmation of life.<br /><br />At the beginning Myrtle Gordon is remembering how ' easy ' it was to act when she was 17 , when she had youth and energy and felt she knew the truth . Experience has left her emotionally fragile , wondering what her life has been for and , indeed , if she can even continue living . A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.<br /><br />Almost - but not quite . At the eleventh hour she rediscovers the power of her art and reasserts herself ( " I 'm going to bury that bastard , " she says of fellow actor Maurice as she goes on stage ) . It seems almost sadistic when Myrtle 's director prevents people from helping her when she arrives hopelessly drunk for her first performance . He knows , however , that she has to have the guts to make it herself if she is to make it at all.<br /><br />Some critics wonder if this triumph is just a temporary pause on Myrtle 's downward path . I believe this is truly her ' opening night ' - she opens like a flower to new possibilities of life and action , she sees a way forward . It is tremendously moving.<br /><br />Gena Rowlands is superb . The film is superb . Thank you , Mr Cassavetes , wherever you are .
1 Gena Rowlands plays an actress who loses her grip on reality when she witnesses the death of a fan of hers . She becomes increasingly deluded from reality , and as a result her emotional turmoil intrudes with her work as an actress . In the sense that she breaks all the rules of acting and improvises everything , yet still manages to engage her audience makes the film interesting ( if a bit self - important ) as a parallel of Cassavettes ' own struggles as a filmmaker . There 's so many ideas thrown around , and as result it becomes a bit muddled ( I 'm still pondering the relation between the dead fan and Rowlands , among many other things ) , but the way they 're presented in their rawest form makes it a consistently interesting and thought - provoking film . Would be great on a double bill with Mulholland Drive.<br /><br / >
1 Broadway and film actor - turned - director John Cassavetes ( from Rosemary 's Baby)creates a masterpiece with this 1977 film . It stars Gena Rowlands , John Cassavetes himself , Ben Gazzara , Joan Blondell , Paul Stewart , Zohra Lampert , Laura Johnson and there is a cameo by Peter Falk . The premise of the film : An aging stage and film actress ( Gena Rowlands)re - evaluates her life after an obscessed fan dies in a car accident trying to get her autograph . The movie has a slow pace and a dark , moody , frightening quality . It has a 60 's cinematic look and it even reminded me of Polanski 's Rosemary 's Baby without the supernatural horror . The fears here are the ones every successful actress has- she is getting old and she will become useless in her career . Furthermore , she feels she has lived a life that lacks any true spirituality , humanity and merit . She has lived only for her career- she has no children , does n't do charitable deeds , etc . The gradual disintegration of her personality is the meat of this film . She is falling apart . She 's in a crisis . Gena Rowlands really gets into the character 's tormented psyche and acts the part quite well . She is a terrific actress and this 70 's film is a refreshing contrast to the often violent films of the period and or the disaster movies or adventure thrillers . It 's a movie with lots of deep - seated emotion but has a cold , cynical feeling , as if Cassavetes is criticizing the mainstream movies and actors of the 70 's generation . Either that or this movie is a product of the 70 's which was itself cynical in many aspects- Nixon 's deception , Watergate , Vietnam , etc . Although the production values are not great , and this film is not well - known , it 's a very haunting film with haunting moods . Kudos to the underrated and late director Cassavetes who died in the late 80 's .
1 I spent 5 hours drenched in this film . Nothing I have ever seen comes close to the delicious funk this film left me in . Never mind females advanced aging dilemma 's , human fear vaults off the screen for your viewing . Personally engaging to the ninth degree , the film invests one with an undeniable shared feeling for our lives ' . I enjoyed this dalliance with raw wounded gall deep from within . It empowers a mutually shared vestment in the history of human encounters reaching far deeper into the pain , isolation and skewed views of self and others . The result forgives our tepid forming of a bridge away from the muddy sludge of dead we must encounter . The birth in finding real people is a happy pursuit . The effort for realism intersects with the dark ground of our bankrupt culture .
1 John Cassavetes ' " Opening Night " is fantastic and fascinating ; fantastic because it plays with the deepest fears we have inside our imagination , fascinating because it never ceases surprising us . With its very long duration of two hours and twenty minutes , anyone who appreciates characters wo n't be able to take their eyes off the screen.<br /><br />The story of an unstable actress , Myrtle Gordon , ( Gena Rowlands ) trying to put herself together for a play , fighting her demons ; " Opening Night " is not only about a woman on the verge of a breakdown but also about the complexities of the lives of theater actors and the theatrical world . All of Cassavetes ' characters here are experienced people that know about the world of theater ; so half of the film takes place on a stage , either where the performers do their job or at backstage , where producers and writers and directors do their job.<br /><br />Cassavetes is so harsh with his characters that this unkindness turns towards the audience , but the audience in the cinema . Because there is another audience , in the theater of the film , that does n't know what is really happening and laugh because they think everything is performance . And that 's essentially what it is ; it 's just that the audience in the theater does n't get to see ' backstage ' the way we do . They do n't experience Gena Rowlands ' exuberance before she goes out to that stage , but most importantly ; they do n't know the reasons why she acts the way she does.<br /><br />I always thought that it would be difficult to be friends with an actor . Myrtle ( Rowland ) says she 's an actress and that 's the only thing she knows how to do ; and I imagine that if I had a friend who was a professional performer , it would be really difficult to tell when he 's saying the truth because I would know he 's an actor and he can fake anything at any time . A lot of the things that Myrtle does during the awful experiences the film puts her through … We suspect if she 's being real ; the rest of the characters suspect too.<br /><br />There is the writer , Sarah ( Joan Blondell ) , who ca n't understand why Myrtle does n't understand the character she 's written for her . There 's the director , Manny ( Ben Gazzara ) , who ca n't accept the fact that his best actress might be losing it ; the producer David ( Paul Stewart ) who does n't know where to stand and Myrtle 's co - star Maurice ( Cassavetes himself ) , who ca n't deal with the love they have for each other.<br /><br />When she witnesses the death of a teenager , a fan ; all of this comes together and affects Myrtle , but no one knows if her delusions are for real . They do n't say anything because they do n't want to upset her , but the movie enters in a state of subconsciousness that only Myrtle accepts . At times , we can tell that everyone has had it . During these moments , Cassavetes ' brilliant script depicts a scary brutal honesty in the words the characters say in a discussion backstage ; and not only what everyone tells Myrtle but also what she says to them.<br /><br />Here are people who are not afraid to speak their mind and constantly change what they are thinking , just like Cassavetes ' way of making cinema . And in this aspect , the performances are more important here than in " Shadows " , because the characters are involved in a bigger picture ; a bigger story that steps out of the trivial.<br /><br />But in another aspect , the actual way of making cinema , this movie is no different from " Shadows " . There 's a beautiful thing in the way Al Ruban 's camera shoots the characters . When someone 's talking , the camera does n't focus on him , it shoots the person who is listening ; so we can see how he or she reacts to the things the other one 's saying . Sometimes they do n't care , sometimes they are happy , sometimes devastated.<br /><br />Improvisation might still be there , though , among all these wonderful performances . Near the end , there 's an unexpected scene where Cassavetes and Rowlands start talking , non - stop . Whether this was improvised or not is not something we have to wonder . We have just got to watch ; and watching both of them exchanging life experiences and seeing words come truly alive in a conversation that means a lot more than what it shows … It does n't get more natural than that .
1 I was absolutely blown away by John Cassavetes 's Opening Night . It 's the first movie of his that I 've seen that seems to be on a bigger scale , thus it feels more mainstream , but it still does n't feel as if he grounded himself any more than he has in his previous films . That is perhaps what makes it so intense . There is also something undoubtedly cathartic about watching this movie.<br /><br />It 's about what in fact Cassavetes has made a staple of his career , an ideal that he has expressed behind the camera throughout his career as a director and is here expressing it in front . Rowlands 's character , middle - aged stage actress Myrtle Gordon , can not bring herself to play her role in the upcoming production as written so she uncalculatedly follows impulse after impulse , resulting in what appears to be chaos on stage , until she finds the right one . It 's a daringly abstract premise.<br /><br />This is a movie that does not fail to capture the innate steering that one goes through during an emotional cleansing . No one understands why Myrtle does many of the things she does , and it is seen and even portrayed as something destructive , yet it just might be the best thing for her . It may be a cleansing rather than a breakdown . A withdrawal , a cocoon , a rebellion , it all culminates into a meltdown . Cassavetes gives her character a brutally real touch , which is that early on , she is ardently arguing that she has nothing in common with her character , yet she is in quiet but emotionally corroding fear that the opposite is true.<br /><br />The last scene , the climactic performance that Myrtle shares with a character painfully estranged from her who is acting with her , is one of the most interesting , hilarious , hard - hitting , enlightening , and enjoyable moments I 've ever seen in a movie .
1 Watching John Cassavetes film , Opening Night , I was reminded of something that Quentin Tarantino said once in an interview about personal experience in being a creator of art or acting . He referred to an example of , say , if he ran over a dog while on his way to act in a play that it would n't be the end of his life but that it would affect him , and that , without a doubt , he would have to bring that experience with him on stage even if it was a light comedy . " Otherwise , " as he said , " what am I doing ? " I could n't help but think of his words when watching Gena Rowland 's character , Myrtle Gordon , who for almost a whole week or so goes through a very similar scenario . There is more to this in Cassavetes ' film , of course , since it 's about how the theater works around a star actress , what emotion and human nature mean when looking at playing a character , and how one lives when all one has ( like Myrtle Gordon ) is the theater.<br /><br />Near the beginning of the film , after exiting a performance , Myrtle is signing autographs and one such fan named Nancy comes up to her favorite star and pours her heart out to Myrtle . It 's a touching little moment , but it does n't last as she has to get in the car ( pouring rain and all ) . She then watches in horror as the girl , who stood right next to the car as it drove off , gets hit by another car in an auto accident . She 's not sure really what happened , but then finds out the next day that in fact the girl did die from the hit . From then on she 's sort of stunned by this even after she thinks it 's out of her system . At first this shows in small ways , like when she rehearses a scene with her fellow actor ( played by Cassavetes ) and ca n't seem to stand being hit - she blames it on the lack of depth in the character ( the writer : " What do you think the play lacks ? " " Hope , " says Myrtle)- but then Nancy starts to show up to her , an apparition that to Myrtle is all to real , until she 's suddenly gone.<br /><br />Cassavetes , as in the past films , is after a search for what it means to have emotion , to really feel about something and feel it , or the lack thereof , and how it affects others around the person . This is n't exactly new ground for Rowlands , who previously played a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under the Influence ( in that case because of alcohol ) , nor would it be alien territory for costar Ben Gazzara , who just came off starring in Killing of a Chinese Bookie . But the actors express everything essential to their characters in every scene ; Cassavetes does n't tell them how to get from A to B in a scene , and he does n't need to . There 's a mood in a Cassavetes film that trumps the sometimes grungy camera - work . You know Myrtle , for example , should be content somehow , even if it is n't with the plot . But she 's haunted , and is unsatisfied with her character 's lack of depth and the tone of the play ( " Aging , who goes to see that ? " she asks the playwright ) , and it starts to affect those around her too.<br /><br />The question soon becomes though not what is the usual . A conventional dramatist would make the conflict ' Will she be able to go on stage , will the show go on ? ' This is n't important for Cassavetes , even if it 's there , as is the question ' Will she be alright ? ' Perhaps going through such a grueling play as " The Second Woman " could help her work out her personal demons and her losing her grip on reality ( seeing Sara and attacking her in front of total strangers , who wonder what the hell is going on ) ? Or will the play 's lack of hope strain everything else wrong with her ? The depths Rowlands makes with her character are intense and harrowing , and that it 's expected does n't mean it 's any duller than Woman Under the Influence- if anything , it 's just as good as that film at being honest about a person in this profession , and consequently the other performances are just as true , from Gazarra to Nancy played by a subtle Laura Johnson . Cassavetes answers to his own posed questions are n't easy.<br /><br />One of the real thrills of Opening Night , along with seeing great actors performing an amazing script , is to see Cassavetes take on the theater the way he does . We see the play performed- and it 's apparently a real play- and we only know slightly what it 's about . When we see the actors on the stage performing it , we wax and wane between being involved in what melodrama is going on ( relationship scuffling and affairs and the occasional slap and domestic violence ) and the improvisation of the actors . I wondered watching how much really was improvised , how much Cassavetes allowed for the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle starts to go loopy or , in the climax , is completely smashed . He 's on the stage , too , so it must have been something for them to work it out beforehand and let what would happen happen.<br /><br />It 's funny , startling , chilling , and edge - of - your - seat stuff , some of the best theater - on - film scenes ever put in a movie , and we see the lines between actor on stage , actor on film , actor with actor , blur together wonderfully . Opening Night is a potent drama that is full of frank talk about death and madness , reality and fiction , where the love is between people , and really , finally , what does ' acting ' mean ?
1 I have spent the last week watching John Cassavetes films - starting with ' a woman under the influence ' and ending on ' opening night ' . I am completely and utterly blown away , in particular by these two films . from the first minute to the last in ' opening night ' i was completely and utterly absorbed . i 've only experienced it on a few occasions , but the feeling that this film was perfect lasted from about two thirds in , right through till the credits came up . everything about this film , from the way it was shot , the incredible performance of Gena Rowlands , the credits , the opening , the music , the plot , the sense of depth , the pace , the tenderness , the originality , the characters , the deft little moments .... for me , is truly sublime . i could n't agree more with the previous comment about taking it to a desert island because the sheer depth of this film is something to behold . if your unlucky enough to have a house fire , i guarantee that instead of making a last ditch attempt to rescue that stash of money under your bed , you 'll be rescuing your copy of this film instead .
1 " Opening Night " released in 1977 , tries to be an ambitious production . It succeeds only in the truly stunning performance of Gena Rowlands . Her character of theatre actress Myrtle is not necessarily someone we would love in real life . She is self - absorbed , often obnoxious , and makes life miserable for those around her - in other words , not unlike some actresses ! Myrtle is also a woman on the edge of collapse - we are not quite sure if the demons she is fighting are real or imagined , although we are let in on the secret early . Rowlands is obviously well directed with love by her gifted husband , actor / director John Cassavettes , who has a role in the film as well . This film is not without flaws - it is overly long , and the last part of the film where Myrtle goes on stage while very drunk seems almost cruel . The " improvising " in some of the dialogue - at least while on stage - goes on way too long . Some of the supporting characters give good performances , especially from Ben Gazarra , playing Myrtle 's sleazy producer . Joan Blondell 's character is never fully developed , and I never could figure out why she was in the film , except to placate Myrtle . See this film for Rowlands alone - she is fascinating throughout - and it is tough to take your eyes off her , although you will want to at times .
1 John Cassavetes ' 1977 film Opening Night is , what critics usually call the work of such a significant artist , ' overlooked ' . It is an excellent film , in its own right , and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever put to film . It 's not a perfect film , in that , at two hours and twenty four minutes it 's about a half hour too long , and there 's a bit too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the lead character Myrtle Gordon , played by Gena Rowlands , the wife of Cassavetes , long after we 've gotten the point . But only Woody Allen 's masterpiece , Another Woman , which also starred Rowlands , eleven years later , is a better portrait of the internal conflicts of an aging woman . Yet , Rowlands did win the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrayal , and it was well deserved . Often this film , written by Cassavetes , is easily compared to his earlier- and inferior- film , A Woman Under The Influence , but it 's a spurious comparison . Rowlands ' character in that film is severely mentally disturbed from the start , as well as coming from a blue collar background , while her characters in this film and in Allen 's film are both artists who are haunted by apparitions . In this film it 's the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle 's younger doppelganger , while in Allen 's film it 's her character 's own past … . Many critics have taken this film to be a portrait of an alcoholic , seeing Myrtle surround herself with enablers , such as a stage manager who tells her , during opening night , ' I 've seen a lot of drunks in my time , but I 've never seen anyone as drunk as you who could stand up . You 're great ! ' , but this is wrong , for alcohol is n't her problem- nor is her chain smoking . They are merely diversions from whatever thing is really compelling her to her own destruction , and much to Cassavetes ' credit , as a storyteller , he never lets us find out exactly what 's wrong with Myrtle , and despite her coming through in the end , there 's no reason to expect that she has really resolved anything of consequence . This sort of end without resolution links Cassavetes directly with the more daring European directors of the recent past , who were comfortable in not revealing everything to an audience , and forcing their viewers to cogitate , even if it hurts.<br /><br />Yet , the film recapitulates perfectly the effect of a drunk or fever lifting out of the fog , and as such the viewer again is subliminally involved in its drama . Whether or not Myrtle Gordon does recover , after the film 's universe irises about her is left for each and every viewer to decide , and as we have seen before that lid closes , one 's choices do matter .
1 The movie was much better than the other reviewer stated . It 's a nice family movie . It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel . The story revolves around a 14 year old girl who accidentally finds a way to travel back in time in the old elevator of her apartment building . Of course , no one believes her when she tries to explain her disappearances . She finds and makes friends with a girl about her age and is able to help the girl 's family in many ways . She is also able to help her own relationship with her father in the long run . It reminds me of a Hallmark movie so give it a chance and decide for yourself . It seemed to be aimed more towards children about 6 - 12 years ( maybe a bit older ) and it 's pretty much PG or G rated . I 'm an adult who can appreciate a nice " family " movie - I guess the other reviewer is n't .
1 I found ' Time At The Top ' an entertaining and stimulating experience . The acting , while not generally brilliant , was perfectly acceptable and sometimes very good . As a film obviously aimed at the younger demographic , it is certainly one of the better works in the genre ( Children 's Sci - Fi ) . Normally , I would say that Canada , the United Kingdom and Australia produce the best movies and TV shows for children , and ' Time At The Top ' does nothing to discount this theory ! I do n't think that continuity and great acting are important to younger people . A good plot and an imaginative screenplay are far more important to them . Both are in abundance in this film . The special effects are good , without detracting from the story , or closing the viewers off from their own imaginations . It would have been very easy to inject an over - load of SFX in this film , but it would have totally destroyed its entire ' Raison D'etre ' . < br /><br />The settings and camera work are of a very high standard in this movie , and complement the fine wardrobe and historical accuracy . Overall , this film is highly satisfactory , and I recommend it to all viewers who can see the world through children 's eyes , or those that try to , like myself ! Now , I really must read the original book , as soon as possible .
1 A fascinating look at the relationship of a single father in 1998 and a single mother in 1881 , tied together by a time - traveling teenager . Reminded me of " Somewhere In Time , " Richard Matheson 's " Bid Time Return , " as rendered by Christopher Reeves and Jane Seymour .
1 I love the movie , it was a very interesting fantasy movie b / c of the real meaning of family in it , the history of our country , the fun - filled action displayed in the movie . I watch time @ the top about 4 X 's a week and I just love it ! I wish that a sequel had of been made to see more of Susan 's dad in the past and watching how Susan delt with her new baby sister and having no telephone , computers , gameboys or anything of the 21st century . I hope everyone else enjoyed the movie as much as I did I guess you could say I 'm a time at the top fanatic and I do n't mind . The lil boy in the movie Robert Lincoln Walker was simply adorible I wonder who he is and how old he is today . Does anyone know if he 's played in over movies or TV shows ?
1 I found this family film to be pleasant and enjoyable even though I am not a child . It is based on the concept of a high school girl , Susan ( Elisha Cuthbert ) discovering that the elevator in her upper class apartment building becomes a time machine when a key on a key chain she got from a blind scientist is turned in the elevator lock . She learns how to control the machine ( with some uncertainty about time of day).<br /><br />The film is not a work of serious science fiction . You have to ignore the usual instability paradox associated with altering the past through time travel , i.e , the past is changed to prevent the 1881 Walker family from becoming poor , but the change means the family never got into financial trouble , so Victoria would n't have told Susan about the financial problems her mother had , which means that Susan should n't have had a reason to change the past in the first place ! But other than that , there are some nice touches in the story , such as the old elevator panel , found in the apartment of the woman who secretly invented and installed the time machine , not having a space for the lock that activates the time machine feature . As in many stories for children , we need to also suppose that a child will not share startling information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult but instead hide the time traveler.<br /><br />It also requires disregarding some poorly staged scenes and uninspired performances by some of the adult actors . ( The child actors ( Elisha Cuthbert , Gabrielle Boni , and Matthew Harbour ) all were very convincing in their parts . ) In one scene in the 1300s native Americans notice Susan observing and photographing them . But they do n't register surprise in the sudden appearance of this blond , white skinned girl in peculiar dress . Their response is to simply stop what they are doing and to walk calmly towards Susan . In the same scene an Indian mother is carrying what is supposed to be a baby but is so obviously a doll ( its white skinned and its head flops around).<br /><br />Timothy Busfield , the award winning actor who originally came to fame in TV 's old " Thirty Something , " gives a somewhat uninteresting , sometimes listless , performance . In the other extreme Michel Perron hams it up as the Italian building superintendent ( janitor ) , as does Richard Jutras in his role as a nosy neighbor . ( The neighbor 's name is Edward Ormondroyd , which is the name of the author of the novel the film is based on . ) I suspect that these problems may be the fault either of the director or possible of a low budget.<br /><br />Despite these flaws , I recommend the movie for kids . In addition to the interesting story , it also has some educational value , in that it points out how much both technology and social norms have changed in little more that 100 years .
1 Elisha Cuthbert plays Sue a fourteen year old girl who has lost her mother and finds it hard to communicate with her father , until one day in the basement of her apartment she finds a secret magic elevator which takes her to back to the late 18th century were she meets two other children who have lost their father and face poverty ... <br /><br />I was clicking through the channels and found this .. I read the synopsis and suddenly saw Elisha Cuthbert ... I thought okay .... and watched the movie .. i did n't realise Elisha had done films before .... 'The Girl Next Door and 24 ' Elisha provides a satisfactory performance , the plot is a little cheesy but the film works ... Its amazing how this young girl went on to become the Hottest babe in Hollywood !
1 I am from Sweden and i have just seen this movie and the thing is that i thought it was okay . I have seen many bad comments about it but you must remember that a lot of people that watch this two parts miniseries are located all over the world and not just in USA . Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the film made in the 60:s and maybe not in the events(murders ) . And even more ... that it can be hard to find the original movie and if so there always be people around that does n't like black / white films . This one feels fresh and in color and will find its public . Its 12 years old now but i just saw it for the first time . I will try to find the first one if i can to compare them but i have n't seen it anywhere in Sweden . Ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world . The thing here is that this is mostly part of an American crime - history and was big in the 50 - 60:s in just USA but in rest of the world it just past by i guess . Well it was told about for some time but 40 years later it will fade away in for example Europa cause time goes by . We had our own problems and crimes so if someone will do a remake of the film and put it back in some light again its not a bad idea at all . A new generation can take part of this horrible story and even the film about Capote that was released just a few years ago witch was a pretty good film too i think . It will boost interest to the events that took place some 50 years ago and maybe stop it to fall in sleep . It started me up and now i am looking for the Robert Blake - version so it was n't that bad ... huh ? This are my opinions . Some people will of course disagree but hey ... its okay . Sometimes there will be okay with remakes on old films . Its not every time the old ones are that good . The film - making techniques has developed a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today . Its always a question of money of course . There has been so many movies that were made in the " good old days " but there were also money missing , bad directors etc , and they remakes them today ( 50 years later ) and suddenly they are okay to watch . My friend got this box of old classic horror - movies and s / f and i ca nt say i was impressed of the so called good old days . Most of them you cold put in the trashcan directly . They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies ... could not move ... like brain - dead . I ca nt recommend them to anyone . Some of them i have seen remakes of and i remember liking them ... but not the originals . They were just painful awful . This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first you maybe find him the one to trust or like ... Thanks for me and i am sorry for my English , that s not so good . /Lars from Sweden
1 Like others , I have seen and studied most of the books and films concerning the Clutter Killings , including a few dramatic works thematically based on the actions and psycho - mythology of the participants to the crime -- including Capote himself . As to Capote , I can not forgive him for willfully withholding Perry Smith 's confessions , intimacies and writings from even the defense counsels . I believe truths and facts Capote " reserved " for his " book , " which required for Capote two guilty verdicts and capital punishment , would almost certainly have sustained a successful insanity defense for Perry Smith even under the old McNaughton Rule . Capote himself could never write another major literary work after " In Cold Blood . " Shame and guilt . In my opinion , he willingly encouraged and planned the brutal capital punishment to provide the spectacular ending he required for his book / drama . To him , both men HAD to die for his book to succeed . The book had to justify itself by pretending it was about the horror of capital punishment . His actions and silence assured that ice - cold conclusion.<br /><br />Capote 's book is not truth . It is not factual or journalistic . It is drama and melodrama spiced with his own creatively psychotic imagination . What most people consider the virtues of the contemporaneous first movie are stark images of Capote 's mind , which may have been the most cold - blooded aspect of all . No wonder viewers ironically but necessarily prefer Blake 's performance . That actor IS the nightmare from Capote 's dishonest imaginings.<br /><br />So who is to say how the two killers should be played ? Who is to judge what could make an essentially poetic psychotic snap from excessive courtesy and kindness to " do it now " killing ? I agree with the few who see in Eric Roberts ' work a magnificent performance , Shakespearean in its range , yet played with heartbreaking sincerity . Anthony Edwards takes a much safer " attitude mode " to create a smarmy Hickok ; but he is one - dimensional and boring , with only a few notes in his television range . Roberts is almost four - dimensional , adding physical weakness and agony to a powerful animal body , a Frankenstein Creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do . Like Leopold apropos Loeb , Robert 's Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with an evil man . Without Hickok or a man of his particularities , Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors . He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life.<br /><br />Given the freedom from Capote 's death grip on the consciousness of the Clutter killings , Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to craft a different and new production of the drama . Same facts , some of the same lines from the case record , but deeper , more complex , with clearly titanic psychotic stresses -- indeed Roberts is so good at this fluidic madness that he physically and facially demonstrates in every moment how little awareness he has of where or who he is.<br /><br />What many of our reviewers dislike about this film , Roberts in particular , is that cold - blooded killing is n't shown the way they expect and have been manipulated to demand . That is because here we are seeing a far more profoundly realistic " interpretation of life and death " than Capote could ever create -- a real Tragedy.<br /><br />The actual cold - blooded killer , Mr. Capote , and his hypocritically artistic " non - fiction novel " do not control these interpretations and performances.<br /><br />If " In Cold Blood " and Capote 's effect on life , literature and truth matters as much as scholars say , then it takes guts as well as talent to portray the truth , or a version of the truth , that is not the rank , cowardly lie drawn up from the fathoms of Capote 's own abyss .
1 This two - part TV mini - series is n't as good as the original from 1966 but it 's solid . The original benefited from a huge number of things --- it was all in black and white , it had a great jazz score and it was filmed at the real locations , including the home of the doomed Clutter family . That was important because in the book and in the original movie the home is very much a character itself.<br /><br />This remake was filmed in Canada which I guess doubles okay for Kansas . The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as it dares to and Eric Roberts plays him as a somewhat fey person , his homosexuality barely hidden . The gentler take by Roberts does n't quite work in the end though because it 's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would just finally explode in a spasm of murder . Whereas Robert Blake 's take on Smith left you no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character.<br /><br />Anthony Edwards was excellent as the bombastic , big - mouthed and ultimately cowardly Dick Hickcock , the brains of the outfit . His performance compares very well to Scott Wilson 's role in the original movie.<br /><br />Since this is a longer movie it allows more time to develop the Clutter family and in this regard I think the 1996 movie has an advantage . The Clutters are just an outstanding , decent family . They 've never harmed another soul and it is just inexplicable that such a decent family is ultimately massacred in such a horrifying way . It still boggles my mind that , after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom , that Herb Clutter did n't force out the window so at least his children would have a chance to escape . This movie has the thought occur to him , but too late . From what I read about the real home , which is still standing , the way the bathroom is configured they could 've opened the counter drawers and effectively barricaded the door which would 've forced the killers to blast their way in . But it might 've bought time for some of the Clutters to escape . Why the Clutters did n't try this , I have no idea.<br /><br />Fans of the book will recognize that this movie takes a lot of liberties with how the crime is committed but not too serious . Still , it 's distracting to viewers like me who have read tons about the case . The actors playing the cops , led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi , are uniformly excellent , much better , I think , as a group , than the actors in the original movie . They know that to secure the noose around the necks of both of them they have to get them to confess . And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared . They had already discovered the likely alibi the phony story of going to Fort Scott , and had debunked every jot of it . The officers then let Smith & Hickcock just walk into their trap . Hickcock is a b.s . artist who figures he can convince anyone of anything and the officers respectfully let him tell his cover story . But when they lower the boom on him , he shatters very quickly . It 's very well filmed and acted and very gratifying to watch because the viewer naturally should loath Hickcock in particular by this point , a cowardly con - man who needs the easily manipulated Smith to do his killing for him . Supposedly Hickcock later stated that the real reason for the crime was n't to steal money from the Clutters but to rape Nancy Clutter . At least she was spared that degradation.<br /><br />The actors playing the Clutters are very good , Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter in particular . The story sensitively deals with Mrs. Clutter 's emotional problems , most likely clinical depression , and Mrs. Clutter displays remarkable inner strength when she firmly and strongly demands that the killers leave her daughter alone . From what I 've read the Clutters ' surviving family was particularly bothered by how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book , claiming it was entirely untrue . But as an aside , both of the killers related to the police how Mr. Clutter asked them to not bother his wife because of her long illness . Capote might make up that fiction to make the character of Bonnie more interesting but certainly the killers had no reason to falsely portray Mrs. Clutter and no doubt much of the conversation in the book ( duplicated in the movies ) is right off the taped confessions of the killers . So it would 've been nonsensical for Herb to have said that and not have it be true .
1 Although I generally do not like remakes believing that remakes are waste of time ; this film is an exception . I did n't actually know so far until reading the previous comment that this was a remake , so my opinion is purely about the actual film and not a comparison.<br /><br />The story and the way it is written is no question : it is Capote . There is no need for more words.<br /><br />The play of Anthony Edwards and Eric Roberts is superb . I have seen some movies with them , each in one or the other . I was certain that they are good actors and in case of Eric I always wondered why his sister is the number 1 famous star and not her brother . This time this certainty is raised to fact , no question . His play , just as well as the play of Mr. Edwards is clearly the top of all their profession.<br /><br />I recommend this film to be on your top 50 films to see and keep on your DVD shelves .
1 After reading the book , I happened across this DVD at Wal - Mart for 3 bucks and thought , sure , what the hell ... I got the DVD and watched it last night . When I started watching it , I checked the run time and it was about 90 minutes . I thought , OK cool ... It seemed to run rather slowly , knowing the story and how much of it there was . By the time I got to the actual killings , I was like , " how much time does this have left ? " Checked . " One minute ? ! What the hell ? ! " I felt incredibly cheated , thinking that the movie only progressed through a third of the overall story.<br /><br />But then , I happily noticed that the DVD 's scene selection menu included a part 1 AND a part 2 . I still had another hour and a half to go ! I then sat very happily and enjoyed the second half of the movie , even more so than the first.<br /><br />I admit that I have not seen the 1967 original film ( despite my sincerest desire to ) , I have however read the novel and felt that this was a fairly descent film , for a two - part TV miniseries , that is . I think the casting of the role of Perry was completely wrong and a few minor inconsistencies jumped out at me , but still very well done . The first half drags on a bit , while the second half is much more gripping . I think they should have proportioned the movie more like Capote did his book : 1/3 before the murders , 1/3 after , and 1/3 after the killers are arrested . Instead , the film makes it more 1/2 before the murders , 1/4 after , and 1/4 after the killers are arrested . Again , this makes the second half more exciting , but at the same time , less compelling while making the first half drag on and on ... <br /><br />Now I look back and realize I have just made the same mistake about making things drag on and on , so I will shut the hell up . Go watch the movie and make up your own damn mind ! < br /><br />Nick Houston
1 This was a pretty good film . I 'm not sure if this is considered a spoiler comment , but I did n't want to take a chance . Anyway , near the end of the film , the prosecutor reads a Scripture verse and then quotes another from memory . I ca n't remember the first passage he reads , but the second one is Genesis 9:6 . He says it 's Genesis 9:12 , but he actually quotes verse 6 . This is a common passage that many use to defend capital punishment . It 's too bad that prosecutors dare not quote the Bible today . Did anybody ever hear of John Jay , the first Supreme Court justice in the history of this country ? He said that the Bible is the best of all books . Too bad we 've lost that view in America .
1 The 1967 In Cold Blood was perhaps more like " the real thing " ( Think about it : would we really want to see the real thing ? ) , but it was black and white in a color world , and a lot of people did n't even know what it was , and there was an opportunity to remake it for television . Plus , if you remake it , you can show some stuff not shown in the original . The book In Cold Blood by Truman Capote was the first " nonfiction novel " . Truman 's book was in fact not 100 % true to the real story . I thought the Canadian location sufficed for Kansas pretty much for a TV movie . Look for the elements of sex , drugs and rock ' n ' roll : Dick 's womanizing , Perry being an aspirin junkie , Perry playing blues guitar .
1 I have copies of both these Movies the classic where Robert blake is a mighty fine actor where most of the 1967 movie Blake is more shown standing by a window in jail telling his childhood life where it makes since why he killed the Clutter Family does n't show much in the classic of what really went on an does n't tell us which one really done the killing but it 's a great eye catcher really if you watch the 1996 movie In cold Blood the classic makes a lot more sence .
1 Ernst Marischka , one of the most respected Austrian directors of that time , made films full of beautiful scenes , delicate love and with respect to all that is precious in life . < br /><br />Nowadays , if people should hear about him , they associate the name of Marischka with SISSI trilogy ( 1955,1956,1957 ) . However , he made other excellent films like DAS DREIMADERLHAUS ( 1958 ) , EMBEZZLED HEAVEN ( 1958 ) and definitely this one , MADCHENJAHRE EINER KONIGIN showing the young years of queen Victoria . Although it deals with a slightly different theme than SISSI films , I do not see many differences between this movie and SISSI . They are strikingly similar.<br /><br />The movie is almost identical . The style , the music , the photography . In fact , the crew are almost the same . Anton Profes , Bruno Mondi!<br /><br />The cast ... Romy Schneider 's one of the first main roles . It was a lovely introduction to her role of Sissi since this film was made one year before the first part of the trilogy about the Austrian empress . It is also a film where Romy plays with her mother , Magda Schneider . But Ernst Marischka was not the first director who cast Romy to play with her mum . Romy 's debut , WENN DER WEISSE FLIEDER WIEDER BLUHN ( 1953 ) was her performance with her mother , too . Therefore , there were some voices that Romy began her Austrian career on the bases of her mother 's fame . Indeed , there is some truth in it.<br /><br />Again , like in SISSI , this film shows love very gently . Victoria meets Prince Albert in a little inn in Dover . Their sympathy is based on pure exaltation in dance and gentle smiles . And now ... ? What would it be showed like ? Only sex ... But is it the only thing love is based on?<br /><br />I am grateful to Ernst Marischka for these movies . They had a soul and a message . Some people may call them kitschy , but I will never give up admiring these films . They are IMPRESSIVE ! ! ! UNFORTUNATELY , HIGHLY UNDERRATED !
1 I loved this movie . It was so well done ! Great acting and drama and historically accurate . I love Romy Schneider movies . This one rocks , not as great as Sissi but still rocks ! < br /><br />And Scorpiolina , she commented and said french dubbing . Well this is originally a German movie not french . So yea . Second of all there was a plot , maybe your not familiar with history . Oh and her mother played the part of her governess , not her teacher . And the storyline was actually not Cinderella but Queen Victoria , maybe u missed that detail.<br /><br />But anyway .... yea the history in this movie is great , I love historical movies and Queen Victoria is very fascinating ! I love all the historical stuff . Like that guy that was trying to manipulate her mom . And when she ran away and met her future husband and he showed her the " new type of dance " waltzing . When waltzing was new it was considered kinda scandalous because the couples dance so close . Yea her governess was like oh my god!<br /><br />And also the clothes , I love the clothes . The styles are great , hoop skirts are awesome . And of course Romy always looks very pretty .
1 Do n't let my constructive criticism stop you from buying and watching this Romy Schneider classic . This movie was shot in a lower budget , probably against the will of Ernest Marishka , so he had to make due . For example england is portrayed as bordering on Germany . BY a will of the wisp Victoria and her mom are taking a vacation to Germany by buggy ride alone . They arrived their too quick . This probably could not be helped but the castle they rented , for the movie , was Austrian . When she 's told that she 's queen she goes to the royal room where the members of the court bow to her , where are the British citizens out side from the castle cheering for their new queen ? Why ISBN't she showing her self up to the balcony to greet her subjects ? Low budget!Where the audience back then aware of these imperfection ? I wonder how the critics felt?Durring the inn scene she meets prince Albert but ISBN't excited about it . Durring the meeting in the eating side of the inn your hear music from famous old American civil war songs like " My old Kentucky home " , and " Old black Joe " . What ? civil war songs in the 1830 's ? Is Romy Schneider being portrayed as Scarlet?Where 's Mammy ? Is Magna Shnieder playing her too ? Is Adrian Hoven Rhett or Ashley ? What was in Marishka mind?Well this add to the camp . It 's unintentionally satirizing Queen Victoria'a story . This is the only reason you should collect it or see it 03 11 09 correction Germany and england are connected
1 In one of her first movies , Romy Schneider shines as young queen Victoria of Britain , as she is suddenly put into the throne at the age of 18 , learns to govern despite the machinations of the politicians , and eventually romances and marries Prince Albert of Saxony . Kitschy and campy ( though surprisingly faithful to the real events ) , this romantic piece is irresistible . Seeing this movie about British royals spoken in German adds to its quaint charm . On that front , one wonders why an Austrian movie was made about an English queen ; but then one remembers that in 1954 , Austria was still under occupation by allied troops , including British ones . Maybe this was one of the reasons for the existence of this film .
1 You better see this episode from the beginning , because if you start to watch it any later , you will be confused as to what is happening to Clark 's life.<br /><br />Yet , that is the twist ; Clark is stuck in an alternate reality . Lana is devoted to him . Lex lost most of his legs and is in a wheelchair due to the bridge accident when he swerved to miss Clark in the pilot of the series . Martha is married to Lionel . About the only constant is his most loyal friend Chloe , who still believes in who he is . And , oh yeah , he does n't have any superpowers . He is in a mental institution for putting himself in a fantasy world where he does have powers , and is ridiculed for believing so . Aside from Chloe , there is one mysterious figure who believes in Clark : a black man who in the alternate reality is also a resident of the institution , who believes he is from Mars.<br /><br />Clark must stay true to everything he believes is actual reality , and not get brainwashed by the institution 's psychiatrist , who is in fact the fourth Phantom Zone escapee.<br /><br />This episode is utterly mind - blowing and shocking . Plus , it provides a fresh twist from the usual type of " Smallville " episode .
1 While in the barn of Kent Farm with Shelby waiting for Chloe , Clark is attacked and awakes in a mental institution in the middle of a session with Dr. Hudson . The psychologist tells him that for five years he has been delusional , believing that he has come from Krypton and had superpowers . Clark succeeds to escape , and meets Lana , Martha and Lex that confirm the words of Dr. Hudson . Only Chloe believe on his words , but she is also considered insane . Clark fights to find the truth about his own personality and origin.<br /><br />"Labyrinth " is undoubtedly the most intriguing episode of " Smallville " . The writer was very luck and original denying the whole existence of the powerful boy from Krypton . The annoying hum gives the sensation of disturbance and the identity mysterious saver need to be clarified . My vote is nine.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Labirinto " ( " Labyrinth " )
1 Though derivative , " Labyrinth " still stands as the highlight of the mid - half of the six - year - old show . Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor . It 's not easy playing a character that is the embodiment of " truth , justice , and the American way " on a weekly basis with very little variation . His performance , permitting him to show how one might react if he / she discovers that all that he knew may be a lie , was quite believable.<br /><br />Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.<br /><br />As always , Michael Rosenbaum , as the " handicapped " Lex , delivered , as did Kristen Kreuk as a too - sweet - to - be - believed Lana . Allison Mack , the ever - present Chloe , also scored as a slightly " off - her - rocker " version.<br /><br />The use of an annoying hum in the background added to the tone of the installment and made for an engaging drama .
1 This episode is a bit confusing . Some people say that you have to start from the very beginning but I have to say I was a bit confused from the beginning!<br /><br />Clark gets a blow to the head and wakes up on the floor of Fairview Mental Institution and is made fun of for believing that he 's a superhero . Clark is told that the life that he knew was all in his head . Delusional . He also find some things that are unusual : Martha 's married to Lionel ; Lex is bound to a wheelchair with his limbs cut off after his accident on the bridge ; and Lana is devoted to Clark . But he finds one familiarity ; someone else who 's devoted to Clark : Chloe . He also finds that a mental patient is also from the known world of Smallville . And the doctor is an escapee from the Phantom Zone.<br /><br />This episode reminds me right back to a Buffy episode called " Normal Again " where Buffy begins to have vivid - daydreams about a mental asylum . The doctor tried to convince her that all that she knew was a figment of her imagination and that she was , in fact , crazy . Her parents were still married , they still lived in LA , her friends did n't exist , Angel was never her boyfriend and she did n't have a sister called Dawn . Demons and vampires also did n't exist . Both episodes are a bit sad because doctors are n't just telling the characters that it 's all a figment of her imagination but it tells us what it really is : fiction , and it brings us back to reality . It 's nice , though , to have a sense of reality every once in a while , but we watch these shows to escape from reality . It 's again nice because the characters have to overcome new challenges .
1 ( No spoilers , just plot details ) I ca n't understand such hatred for this episode . You want to watch a bad episode of Smallville ? Watch Subterranean - now there 's a sack of crap . Tom Welling gives a good performance ( I do n't say that very often ) , and Michael Rosenbaum is great , but he is most of the time . The alternate universe scenario seems eerily realistic . The Martian Manhunter , who previously appeared in " Static " , returns and tells Clark that the doctor that is the head of the insane asylum where they are being held at is actually a phantom from the phantom zone , and if Clark wants to return to his universe , he must kill him . An overall great episode , with good acting and a decent pace .
1 Some bad reviews here for this and I understand why but treat it as a low budget serial killer film and you might get more from it than most.<br /><br />I thought that this worked in a way because afterwards I felt dirty and wanted to take a long shower so that is some degree of success is n't it?<br /><br />I would say there is just the right level of sleaze here to get under your skin although the acting is maybe a bit too uneven . David Hess is only in this brielfy so don not get your hopes up to much if you like Last House.<br /><br />Other than that - worth a look .
1 Zodiac Killer ( 2005 ) was an interesting film from German born director Ulli Lommel . He directs , produced and co - stars in this latest production . Not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap . But he reaches a new low when Herr Lommel works in footage from nearly his entire film catalog . I have seen film clips from Boogeyman I and II , War Birds , Tenderness of the Wolf , Brain Waves and Cocaine Cowboys ( even Andy Warhol makes a cameo from beyond the grave courtesy of this film ) . Even though he uses plenty of old footage , he works them in well ( and very creatively might I add).<br /><br />The film follows a young man who copies the original Zodiac Killer . he also corresponds with a writer ( Ulli Lommel ) who originally wrote about the serial killer during the late sixties and early seventies . The writer 's friend ( David Hess ) helps him to try and find this wannabe Zodiac . Can this killer be stopped ? Will the writer put two and two together and reclaim some of his old glory ? Is David Hess still the man ? You 'll have to find out for yourself and watch the Zodiac Killer.<br /><br />This film is NOT about the original Zodiac killer . I have also heard people whine about this film being shot on video . So what . The director 's old school artistic style outshines the fact that it 's shot on video . My only complaint was the over use of stock footage from Herr Lommel 's earlier films ( but I understand why " wink " " wink " . ) Do n't believe the hype . This is a gritty and street level horror film . Like the disclaimer in the beginning states , this film does nor glorify murder . You got to like that statement.<br /><br />Highly recommend for Ulli Lommel fans .
1 One of the more intelligent serial killer movies in recent history . ZODIAC KILLER offers an imaginative take on the background and history of one of the most notorious serial killers . The filmmakers create an unexpectedly good insight into the pathology of this mysterious killer , and anyone who remembers Zodiac will be intrigued . Others will want to discover more about this enigmatic criminal . Unlike many serial killers , Zodiac was not insane at all but very methodical and a self - promoter . The director here plays viewer expectations and pulls it off . The film is constructed as a murder mystery , or a " cold case "- style thriller . It is an intelligent investigative / procedural - style horror film that will put - off gore - hounds in search of cheap thrills.<br /><br />Some people dislike any movie that is shot on video . This attitude is very old - style and provincial . It is an attitude and view of movies that puts technical issues above entertainment value or artistic value . These attitudes are on the way out . ZODIAC KILLER is a low - budget film , no doubt , but discerning viewers will look beyond that and find a carefully - crafted gem .
1 I read thru most of the comments posted here & all I can say it that most of these posters have major problems in life . This show , unlike most game show , was fun . Mr. Shatner , whose brill in ALL that he does , was again the hit of the show . He 's genuinely bubbly personality shines like a beacon where ever he goes . He 's fun & makes you smile & that 's exactly what the show does also . The dancers & questions , the round - about fashion they 're presented only add to the shows appeal . And even though there 's a Great deal of money at stake it 's fun . The pressure ( stress ) that exists in most game shows does NOT exist here . Several people who posted messages complained how much time is waisted with the dancers & choosing questions , & c , like Millionaire does n't have similar time wasters . All I can say is most of you have missed the whole concept . The idea here is to have FUN & ENJOY yourself . There 's something for everyone . Qustions to test your knowledge , eye candy ( the dancers ) , suspense , Mr. Shatner 's wonderful fun - filled personality ... well if that does n't perk - up guys up then I feel bad for you ; and if that 's not enough , YOU CAN GET RICH ! I really miss the show . Out of ALL the games shows that have ever been on , & to be quite frank , I HATE game shows , this is the one I really liked & truly miss . The only other game show I ever liked was Match Game .
1 I absolutely love this game to death . Ever since I was 9 years old ( I am now 15 ) . It has great graphics , characters , magic , weapons , additions , and do n't forget the ultimately awesome dragoon forms ! I am still waiting for a remake , prequel , or a sequel to this spectacular video game . < br /><br />You play as Dart , a young swordsman who has the potential to be quite the hero . On this adventure you encounter wondrous creatures and boss fights . You also encounter some friends on the way who have their own special element . Such as Fire , Darkness , Water / Ice , Thunder / Lightning , Earth , Light , and Wind . There are also items known as dragoon spirits , which allow you to transform into magical creatures of legend . Dragons , wizards , creatures called winglies and evil creatures you 'll have to face on this adventure of action - packed thrills and excitement . One of my all time favorite games , The Legend of Dragoon !
1 I remember this game . It was always sitting on the shelves alone , until one day I decided to try something new for a change , and got this game . I stared in awe at it , since it was the first ever game for the PS1 that I owned that had 4 discs . When I played it , I could n't put the controller down , seriously.<br /><br />The storyline of this game is so good and twisted , it 's almost as good as the Final Fantasy VII Storyline , and that is hard to accomplish . When you play the game , you get so involved with the characters it 's unbelievable that it 's only a PS1 game , as It feels like a movie . And I believe it should be made into a movie.<br /><br />Too bad this game is a very unheard of game and barely no one has played or liked it , as it is one of those games that is sitting on the ends of the shelves , with a 50 % off sign sitting on it , trying to sell . Well I am one of those people who always look at those on the ends , and try them out and most of them turn out to be really good . Heck , that is how I got into final Fantasy VII , looking in a catalog , and finding it . But this is different than Final Fantasy.<br /><br />Legend of Dragoon , is the only game or RPG that is better than most Square Enix games , surprisingly . I would n't be surprised if it was made by Square Enix but it 's not . Hardly any games I play are better than the Final Fantasy series , or the Dragon Quest series , but this one is . But what really bugs me is why it is very little known and is not praised , which it should be.<br /><br />Graphics are pretty good for a PS1 game , but what can you expect from it ? It 's PS1 man , made in 1999 . Story I have already mentioned is amazing , almost beats VII . Characters are a amazing , you get involved so much with them , and their actions.<br /><br />A definite 10 out of 10 . Definitely deserved more praise , and a very well done RPG by a company other than Square Enix .
1 I second the motion to make this into a movie , it would be great ! ! I was also amazed at the storyline and character build in this game . I have played it again and again ( over 20 times ) just to try something different and it gets more interesting every time . Final Fantasy eat your heart out ! ! THIS SHOULD BE MADE INTO A MOVIE ! ! ! ! ! If anyone out there wants some help to start a petition to have this made into a movie , please contact me . I would love to help with that project any day . The graphics are great for PS1 and even make you forget it is PS1 most of the time . The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play .
1 This game is one of the best RPG . Fist , It is actually more amusing than any other because of the battle system ( you harm the enemy depending on how you aim the attack , you can transform into dragoon , the special attack , the magic ... ) . The script is very good . Characters are all lovely and you have no long dialogs to support , as happened in several games of Final Fintasy series . I got bored of that dialogs about past , when you just want to go on with the game 's story . Ambientation is a jewel on this game , it combines Middle - age fantasy with futuristic science fiction . It 's remarkable that animation effects are just incredible , i like them more than other in other modern games ( we ca n't remember that Legend of the Dragoon is 8 years now ) . Then , Map is huge , there are all kinds of places an enemies . Finally , Music is not the best game muse I have heard , but it 's perfect for a game like this .
1 Legend of Dragoon is one of those little - known games that people either love or hate . Some people claim it 's far too similar to other games , namely the Final Fantasy series -- which is understandable , since it was originally intended to be Sony 's equivalent of Final Fantasy . Honestly I ca n't comment on the similarities beyond that , as I 'm not very familiar with the FF games.<br /><br />I think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system . Not only do you have the ability to change into a more powerful dragoon form , but every time you attack , you have to pay attention in order to complete the attack by pressing buttons at the correct time . Not only that , sometimes enemies will attack you back right in the middle of a sequence , which means you have to press different buttons in order to avoid taking damage . Even the use of certain attack items requires a bit of button - mashing . If you do n't want to attack , you can always guard , which not only cuts any damage taken in half , but raises your hit points without the use of healing potions.<br /><br />The FMVs are quite well - done , about the same quality as Final Fantasy 8 's . However , the graphics during game play are n't quite up to that standard . They 're nice , but they could have been -- and honestly , should have been -- better . The translation as well leaves something to be desired . Not only does it raise interesting character relationship questions , but there are also some grammatical mistakes that simply should n't have been allowed to pass.<br /><br />Another thing I found interesting was that you lose main party characters -- one dies , and the other basically becomes useless to the party and leaves . While the death of the one character is often said to have no point , it makes you realize early on that the characters , while heroes , are still just as mortal as the next person . The people who replace the lost characters simply gain all their stats , so the transition game play - wise is fairly smooth . Perhaps my one complaint about the characters is the main character 's love interest , Shana . She is the epitome of the helpless female in need of rescuing , pathetic to the point of driving a player to screaming with frustration . While you can use her in your party , she is insanely weak -- I do n't even know what her dragoon powers are like , as I disliked her so much I never used her . The character Rose , by contrast , is probably my favorite female character in any game ever . She 's no wimp , and some of her dragoon magic is extremely useful . Meru is quite strong as well , while sometimes being an annoying talkative brat.<br /><br />The character designers were , as most are , inclined to make the female characters appear pretty or whatever , and did n't give much thought to the actual usefulness of the outfits . Seriously , no armor and having most of your skin exposed is not helpful when fighting monsters . But I will give them props , as they do have females serving as knights in the various countries.<br /><br />I ca n't comment much on the plot , as honestly I did n't pay much attention to it beyond where I needed to go to next . I 'm not sure if this says something about the plot itself , or my gaming style.<br /><br />All in all , it 's a very enjoyable game . It has its flaws , but for me it struck just the right balance of having to think and just pressing buttons and killing monsters .
1 The story and the characters were some of the best I 've ever seen . the graphics were good for the PS and the cut scenes and voice overs were amazing . I beat the game at least 3 times and loved every second of it . I felt the problems the protagonist faced were believable and realistic and i believe it deserves a sequel . or at least a remake . If they remade it for the ps3 i would buy the system for just that game and maybe mgs4 its amazing also the idea and execution of the dragoon system is enough to warrant a rental and on top of that ad the inventive although sometimes cheating(stupid buster wand ) combat addition system and the plot makes this game a definite buy .
1 I stumbled on this late last night n TCM.<br /><br />Hadn't seen it since it came out originally , but had never forgotten it.<br /><br />I had completely forgotten how gorgeous and talented Signe Hasso was when she was still young , ditto for Shelly Winters before she balooned out.<br /><br />Ronald Coleman , though , was the quintessential state actor of his time - I had read Othello in high school English - and HATED it . After seeing " A Double Life " I read it again and finally understood what the play was about.<br /><br />The Gordon / Kanin writing team was at its peak when this script was done -<br /><br />A movie well worth remembering and rewatching ,
1 Ronald Colman gives an electrifying performance as Tony John , a Broadway actor who ca n't separate his offstage life from Shakespeare 's Othello , the character he plays on stage .... Two important scenes illustrate Tony 's dilemma . The first one takes place in producer Max Lasker 's office . Acting is a matter of talent for the practical - minded Lasker . But Donlan , Tony 's friend , disagrees : " No , no . When you do it like Tony does it , it 's much more . The way he has of becoming someone else every night ... so completely . No , do n't tell me his whole system is n't affected by it." .... The other scene occurs in waitress Pat Kroll 's apartment . Tony tells her his name is Martin . She thanks him . Then he says : " Or Paul . Hamlet . Joe . And maybe Othello." .... When Tony begins rehearsing Othello , we learn that though he 's trying to keep his real life separated from his stage life , " The part begins to seep into your life , and the battle begins . Reality against imagination . " He ca n't keep the two separated : In his mind Pat is Desdemona and he 's Othello , and he wrongly believes she has been unfaithful to him . He murders her .... Colman 's bravura performance , in a complex and difficult role , earned him 1947 's Academy Award for Best Actor . Oscar nominations went to Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin for Best Original Screenplay . Not to be overlooked is Milton Krasner 's atomspheric cinematography .
1 A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among film fans for two reasons : the plot idea of an actor getting so wrapped up into a role ( here Othello ) as to pick up the great flaw of that character and put it into his life ; and that this is the film that won Ronald Colman the Academy Award ( as well as the Golden Globe ) as best actor . Let 's take the second point first.<br /><br />Is Anthony John Colman 's greatest role , or even his signature role ? I have my doubts on either level - but it is among his best known roles . Most of his career , Ronald Colman played decent gentlemen , frequently in dangerous or atypical situations . He is Bulldog Drummond ( cleaned up in the Goldwyn production not to be an arrogant racist ) fighting crime . He is Raffles , the great cricket player and even greater burglar , trying to pull off his best burglary to save a friend 's honor . He is Robert Conway , the great imperial political figure , who is kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth , Shangri - La . He is Dick Heldar , manfully going to his death after he learns his masterpiece has been destroyed and knowing he is now blind and useless as an artist . I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list . But here he is not heroic . In fact he is unconsciously villainous - he murders one person and nearly kills two others . It does not matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is anti - social.<br /><br />To me Colman should have gotten the Oscar for Heldar , or Carton , or Conway - all more typical of his acting roles . But the Academy has a long tradition of picking atypical roles for awarding it 's treasure to it 's leading members . Colman 's Anthony John is a very good performance , and at one point truly scary . When alone with Signe Hasso in her home , she at the top of a staircase and him at the base , they have an argument . She demands that " Tony " leave , saying she wo n't see him . He stares at her , his face oddly hardening in a way he never used before , and he says , " Oh , no you wo n't ! " He starts moving upstairs , frightening Hasso , and she runs into her room . He stops himself and leaves . It actually is the real highpoint of his performance - even more than his assaulting of Hasso on stage , or of Edmond O'Brien , or his killing of Shelley Winters . It showed his blind fury . For that moment it was ( to me ) an Oscar - worthy performance . But it is only that moment . I 'm glad he was recognized for the role , but he should have gotten the award for a more consistent performance.<br /><br />His actual performance in the Shakespearian role of Othello is not great , but bearable . Too frequently he lets the dialog roll off his tongue in a kind of forced singing style ( one wonders if that was due to the coaching of Walter Hampden , who probably knew how to handle the role properly , or a reaction to it ) . Nowadays " Othello " is played by an African American actor more frequently than a white one . Paul Robeson 's brilliant performance in the role set that new tradition firmly into place . But the three best known movie performances of the part are those of Colman , Orson Welles in his movie of OTHELLO , and Laurence Olivier in his movie of his play production of OTHELLO . All three white actors did the role in black face . My personal favorite of the three is Welles , who seems the most subtle . But even watching Welles ' fine film version makes me angry that Robeson never got to put his performance ( with Jose Ferrer as Iago ) on film.<br /><br />Now the first question - can an actor get that wrapped up in a role ? I heard different things about this . Some actors have admitted taking a role home with them from the theater or movie set . Others have found a role they have to be stimulating , influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or some aspect of life . But actually I have never heard of anyone who turned homicidal as the result of a role . It seems a melodramatic , hackneyed idea.<br /><br />As a matter of fact it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor , Kanin , and Gordon . In 1944 a " B " feature , THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER , starring John Loder , had used a similar plot about an actor who is playing an infamous " Jack the Ripper " type , and who starts committing those type of killings after an accident affects his mind . There was an earlier movie in the 1930s , in which an actor playing Othello gets jealous of his wife ( I think the title was MEN ARE NOT GODS , but I 'm not sure ) . But due to Colman 's name and career , and Cukor 's directing , it is A DOUBLE LIFE that people think of when they recall this plot idea . It even reached comedy ( finally ) on an episode of CHEERS , where Diane Chambers is helping an ex - convict who may have acting talent , and they put on OTHELLO at the bar , just after he sees her with Sam Malone kissing . Only Diane is aware of the personality problem of the ex - convict , and ca n't delay the production long enough ( she tries to start a discussion into the history and symbolism of the play ) . < br /><br />The cast of A DOUBLE LIFE was first rate , and Cukor 's direction was as sure as ever . So the film is definitely worth watching . But despite giving Colman an interestingly different role , it was not his best work on the screen .
1 I like my Ronald Colman dashing and debonair , the fellow you see in such films as If I Were King and Kismet . I like him as the epitome of civilization as in The Lost Horrizon and Random Harvest . A brooding Colman is n't a favorite of mine.<br /><br />But in A Double Life precisely because his part as actor Anthony John is so offbeat for him , Colman was recognized with a Best Actor Oscar for 1947 . It became his best known part.<br /><br />Colman is an actor who really does take the Method quite seriously . He 's just finished a successful run in a comedy of manners and he 's quite the jovial fellow . For a change of pace now that that play has concluded its Broadway run , Colman is bringing a revival of Othello to New York . About as opposite a part as you can get.<br /><br />His leading lady in both is his former wife Signe Hasso who loves him dearly , but ca n't take his change of moods when he 's at work . Colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back . But he 's heading for a mental breakdown when he starts confusing himself with the jealous Moor Othello and Hasso with her role as Desdemona.<br /><br />Unfortunately Shelley Winters as a poor waitress who a depressed Colman picks up gets in the way of his madness and she winds up like poor Desdemona in the play . Killed in the same manner and now it 's a matter for homicide cop Joe Sawyer.<br /><br />Colman 's performance is so good that one does kind of wonder is this an occupational hazard with actors ? I 'd shudder to think so , were there any unsolved homicides in or around Laurence Olivier and Orson Welles then they essayed Othello . < br /><br />I could never quite buy the story for that reason , but I certainly do applaud Ronald Colman and what he did with the part . I 'm sure there was a tinge of regret in him winning the Oscar though because one of the other nominees was his good friend William Powell for Life With Father . Others in the running that year were Gregory Peck for Gentlemen 's Agreement , John Garfield for Body and Soul , and Michael Redgrave for Mourning Becomes Electra.<br /><br />Colman gets able support from the rest of the cast including Edmond O'Brien who finds himself in the unwanted part of Cassio in Colman 's jealous fantasy . Still you will find no Iago equivalent in A Double Life , no one prodding the jealousy , it 's all in his own mind.<br /><br />And that from one of the most cultivated and civilized minds of the last century .
1 War Inc. is a funny but strange film . The actors are likable , the film is likable also , but I do n't know how to describe the plot . I will go into the plot later on . This is a movie with some weird casting choices . Besides John Cusack as a hit - man , which we saw years ago in Grosse Point blank which I liked . < br /><br />Here we have Hilary Duff playing a Russian pop star named Yonica Babyya or something like that . Her character is odd . There is a scene where she sticks a scorpion down her pants . And hits on Hauser(Cusack ) . There is a twist in the end involving the two characters . It makes sense.<br /><br />That is the only casting choice I am going into . Cause it just plain strange . The whole movie is strange . But at times incredibly funny and I was never bored . Here we have some of the best actors out there . Excluding Miss Duff . She ai n't great . But here we have John Cusack , Marisa Tomeii , Joan Cusack , Ben Kingsley . See what I mean?<br /><br />This is the story of a hit - man named Hauser(Cusack ) . He is sent down to some Middle Eastern city to put a hit on an oil man named Omar Sheriif(not the actor ) . While trying to deal with his own personal problems , he has to help out the wedding of a popstar(played by Hilary Duff ) . And he falls in love with a news reporter(played by Marisa Tomeii ) . There is a thing about the popstar though . Hauser is disgusted by her . There is a scene where she is singing a song to him and afterwards he throws up.<br /><br />The twist in the end of the film reveals kind of why . The thing about the twist is that I did kind of see it coming . But that does n't matter . This is a strange , funny , and entertaining comedy . I love most of the actors . So really , how could I not recommend it?<br /><br />War , Inc.:3.5/5
1 " The first war to be 100 % outsourced . " Dan Ackroyd 's line says it all . This is a hard to describe film ; comedy , satire , action , screwball . It reminded once or twice of Dr. Strangelove , especially so in the scenes featuring Ben Kingsley ( who did a remarkable job I think ) . I had no particular expectations of this film , though I am a big John Cusack fan , so I just let the movie wash over me . And as a result I was quite entertained . The political satire is painfully accurate and quite damning of the US military - business complex . The sub - plots were somewhat predictable but the final interweaving of story lines made them all worthwhile . I can understand why this film was not terribly popular in the US , but for the rest of the world , it is a timely tale .
1 This is a brilliant political satire . No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.S. : it exposes our murderous foreign policy for what it really is.<br /><br />Another good film from this era , Rendition , was also totally dismissed simply because it showed , accurately , that the U.S. is a war machine bent on torturing , murdering , and maiming civilians in its quest for total world domination.<br /><br />A clever plot , good acting , some big stars ( John Cusack , Ben Kingsley , Marisa Tomei anyone ? ) and some scenes of hilarity should have made this movie a hit . Unfortunately , Americans do n't like to hear the truth about themselves , especially when they are complicit in mass murder .
1 Got to be one of the best political satires I have seen to date , with an excellent performance for Cusak , Tomei , and all the supporting actors.<br /><br />Excellent plot , very well - placed and a very good unexpected twist at the end . The action scenes were well filmed & choreographed . Very funny.<br /><br />All in all I give this film a big thumbs up . It 's extremely critical of US military intervention in the middle - east , and as such , it may receive bad reviews from people who do n't share the same political view , or those who are simply too politically ignorant to appreciate the dark and drk humour . Indeed , at places , the comedy was so close to the truth that it was borderline between funny and tragic .
1 Cusack does his best David Niven in this one , although I do n't know if anyone besides me noticed it.<br /><br />When seen with this in mind , its a deliciously over saturated ' wants to be taken more seriously than Austin powers but still be pretty d*mn funny ' reworking of an under - appreciated comedy classic.<br /><br />Hillary Duff does an over sexualized Britney spears lap dance version of Mata Bond . The writers built a little reverse Oedipus twist into the plot - interesting choice.<br /><br />I never knew how soothing Montel 's voice was until this movie ... I think he has found a new calling doing nav system voice overs !
1 when you add up all the aspects from the movie --- the dancing , singing , acting --- the only one who stands out as the best in the cast is Vanessa Williams ... her dedication , energy and timeless beauty make Rosie the perfect role for her . Never have i ever seen someone portray Rose with such vibrancy ! Vanessa 's singing talent shows beautifully with all the songs she performs as Rose and her acting skills never cease to amaze me ! Her dancing is so incredible , even if as some people say the choreography was bad --- her dancing skills were displayed better than ever before ! I 'd recommend this version over the ' 63 just because i find that although lengthy the acting by Vanessa is superb-----not to mention the fact that Jason Alexander and the rest of the cast are very impressive as well ( with the exception of Chynna Philips ... what in hell were they thinking when they cast her?)<br /><br />All in all I 'd say this version is wonderful and I recommend that everyone see this version !
1 First of all , DO NOT call this a remake of the ' 63 film . Even though this version is truer to the stage play , it is Extremely long . The casting was good with some exceptions . Chyna Phillips was not a good casting choice . She was almost 30 when she did this film , and it was hard to believe she was a teenager . Jason Alexander was good choice , but after a while he gave me a headache . Tyne Daly overdoes her part as Mae Peterson . George Wendt was funny as Harry McAffee , and showed he could even hold a tune . Like the ' 63 film , they casted an unknown to play Conrad Birdie . Marc Kudisch had fun with his role as Birdie and it showed . I even have the soundtrack and i love listening to his singing . So what made this a TV ratings flop ? It was lengthy for one . They put in new songs and scenes . Even though some of the new songs were good ( like " Let 's Settle Down " ) , was it really necessary ? Now do n't get me wrong , I liked it , but I rather watch the ' 63 film ( see my review ) . This was just a case of some actors overdoing roles , making some changes , and once again , LENGTH . One more thing I forgot to mention is Vanessa Williams . She does a good job with the role and the music . Give her any lyrics and she could sing them . So here is my advice coming from someone who 's done a couple productions of Bye Bye Birdie : If you want to watch an entertaining take on the play , watch the ' 63 film . If you want to watch a version that is truer to the play , watch the ' 95 version . Just take it in moderation though . Do n't be a hero and try watch it all in one sitting .
1 My school 's drama club will be putting this show in the spring of 2002 , and I can only hope we 're as good as this ! I watched this film recently as sort of " research " for my role ( Rosie Alvarez ) , and I 'd just like to say , Vanessa Williams is the coolest!<br /><br />Wow ! The casting for this movie was right - on ( with one exception ) . Jason Alexander , oh my gawd , is there anything he ca n't do ? He was the most wonderful Albert Peterson ever - I especially loved all of his funny facial expressions and dancing during " Put on a Happy Face ! " He is so great ! Vanessa Williams , as I said before , is the coolest . She was a beautiful Rosie , and her transition from secretary to seductress was totally believable . Tyne Daly was hilarious as Albert 's obnoxious mother and George Wendt was superb as the annoyed Mr. McAfee ( however I LOVED Paul Lynde 's performance in the 1963 version ! ) . Brigitta Dau cracked me up as Ursula Merkle ; she really hammed it up ! And Marc Kudisch was an awesome Conrad Birdie ... "Suffer!" < br /><br />There was only one casting that I did n't understand , and , as you 'll see from previous comments , many other people did n't understand . Chynna Phillips as Kim McAfee - what was that ? I mean she 's really pretty and very talented , but ... she looks a bit too old for the role . Eh , maybe I 'm delusional.<br /><br />Okay well anyways , I highly recommend this movie . It 'll leave you smiling!<br /><br / >
1 This is a great movie , I did the play a while ago . It had an extra zing-- to it . I loved Vanessa Williams as Rosey , and also Jason Alexander has a good voice . It was great . The setting were also very good . Except the fact that it is 2 hours and 50 minutes , makes it pretty long . Overall I give it 8.5 stars . They also added a few parts , but it was still cool .
1 We taped this when it aired on TV back in 1995 and have waited all these years for its release , for it quickly became one of our family favorites . The kids are now teens and must have seen it a ba - zillion times , yet they still watch it religiously with friends . It 's timeless appeal reaches across all ages groups -- similar to " Grease." < br /><br />Vanessa Williams is spectacular . Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet . I 've noticed other commentators on this site are pretty rough on him , but our family gives him top ratings . ( We loved his ' Giant Step ' number . ) Marc Kudisch ( as Conrad ) supplies us with comedic relief and wonderful musical numbers . And Brigitta Dau ( as Ursula ) just flat steals the show . Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.<br /><br />The one disappointment was Chynna Philip 's performance of Kim . Part of that has to do with the writing . Kim 's role is completely one - dimensional . Complicating that , Philip 's delivery is flat , unimaginative , unbelievable and just plain awful . The director should have seen that and corrected it . Or never cast her to begin with.<br /><br />Overall , though , the picture is delightful and I highly recommend it for families of all ages .
1 I would strongly recommend this film for any musical fan whose been dying to see a musical make a faithful transition from stage to screen . Sure it 's long , but it 's length is a testimony to how true to the original musical script the film is being . The sets and cast really make Sweet Apple , Ohio the place to be . Fosse protege Anne Reinking also does a splendid job with choreography giving the dances a nice small town , period feel.<br /><br />The casting at a glance may look strange to some but they really are qute marvelous(reading " annonymous " 's comments on Jason Alexander 's performance made me sick ) . In fact , his perforamnce literally steals the show . As Albert , he mixes his own unique blend of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke - esque charm to create a new and improved Albert . The fact that he can dance and sing like nobody 's business doeesn't hurt either . George Wendt is another stand out , who improves upon Paul Lynde 's take on Harry McAffe by making him less manic and more down to Earth and strict . His whole character and body language scream " over my dead body " . Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a " thank you very much " in " Honestly Sincere " . His physicality though harkens back more to young Elvis then the bloated , stubly Conrad of the original film . The fact is that this movie differs so greatly from the original film ( which added drawn in happpy faces , turtles on speed and the Russian ballet ! ! ! ) what did any of taht have to do with Bye , Bye Birdie , I wonder ? The only possible advantage the original version has over this one is Ann Margret . Otherwise the update is better in every possible way . Where the old version cut many songs and increased dance breaks nwhere there was no need for them ( and for all intents and purposes ended the movie in the middle of the play ) , the new version has restored the original music score and has added some great new stuff as well ( " A Giant Step " being the standout in that category ) . We know live in trying times but if you want to get your mind off your troubles and put on a happy face then this is one worth checking out .
1 Saw this as previous viewer by accident , I have watched it twice now . I thoroughly enjoyed it , no silly thought provoking messages just plain good fun entertainment , good songs , good characters and a just a feel good film Highly recommended to those of us that just like to enjoy films and not dissect them Great Fun for all the family here . I did n't realise Rosie Alvarez is played by Vanessa Williams , she is excellent and very sultry . The songs like One Boy and One last Kiss are really enjoyable to listen to and to tap your feet to Jason Alexander is the complete contrast to his character in Pretty Woman ans is very good . Tyne Daley still sticks in my mind from Cagney and Lacey and her voice and accent still had that remembrance in it . Overall I just loved it and will be looking to purchase it if it is available
1 " Bye Bye Birdie " is n't one of the best musicals of all time , but it 's great fun , and accessible to many audiences . The original film could have been wonderful , with Dick Van Dyke reprising his signature Broadway role , but instead they tinkered with the plot , so the film is very unsatisfying . This re - make , which aired on ABC in 1995 , is far more faithful to the original script , and includes some original songs as well that were used in a national tour which this film took off from which starred Tommy Tune and Ann Reinking ( who choreographed this film.)<br /><br />Jason Alexander is a very different type from Dick Van Dyke , but he is well cast as Albert , ( before his " Seinfeld " days , he started in Musical theater . ) Vanessa Williams is a perfect fit for Rose . Their is also great work from Tyne Daly as Mae and Mark Kudisch as Conrad Birdie ( a role he played on the national tour).<br /><br />This film is not without it 's problems though . A major liability is Chynna Phillips , who , however appealing , simply looks and seems too old to be teenage Kim . And George Wendt is somewhat bland as her father , somewhat throwing the number " kids " away ( a number original cast member Paul Lynde stole the show with.)<br /><br />But all in all , this is a delightful , well - done film which the material deserved .
1 When I was 17 my high school staged Bye Bye Birdie - which is no great surprise , since it is perfect high school material and reputed to be the most - staged musical in the world.<br /><br />I was a music student and retained strong memories of the production and its songs , as well as a lingering disregard for the Dick Van Dyke movie version which had ( deliberately ) obscured the Elvis references and camped it up for a swinging 60s audience.<br /><br />So , when the 1995 version starring Jason Alexander hit my cable TV screen , I was delighted with what I saw . Alexander turns in an exceptional performance as Albert , a performance in strong contrast to his better - known persona from a certain TV series . The remainder of the cast are entertaining and convincing in their roles ( Chynna Phillips is perhaps the only one who does not look her part , supposedly a naive and innocent schoolgirl).<br /><br />But best of all , the musical numbers familiar from the stage show are all preserved in this movie and performed as stage musical songs should be ( allowing for the absence of a stage).<br /><br />So , if you know the musical ( and few do not ) , then check out this telemovie . It does the stage show justice in a way which can probably not be bettered , which is good enough for me . What is better than rendering a writer 's work faithfully and with colour and style ?
1 I found this to be a charming adaptation , very lively and full of fun . With the exception of a couple of major errors , the cast is wonderful . I have to echo some of the earlier comments -- Chynna Phillips is horribly miscast as a teenager . At 27 , she 's just too old ( and , yes , it DOES show ) , and lacks the singing " chops " for Broadway - style music . Vanessa Williams is a decent - enough singer and , for a non - dancer , she 's adequate . However , she is NOT Latina , and her character definitely is . She 's also very STRIDENT throughout , which gets tiresome.<br /><br />The girls of Sweet Apple 's Conrad Birdie fan club really sparkle -- with special kudos to Brigitta Dau and Chiara Zanni . I also enjoyed Tyne Daly 's performance , though I 'm not generally a fan of her work . Finally , the dancing Shriners are a riot , especially the dorky three in the bar.<br /><br />The movie is suitable for the whole family , and I highly recommend it .
1 I just saw this film in Santa Barbara . My friend knew someone who worked on it , so i thought i 'd check it out . i thought it was a really beautiful film and ca nt wait to go look at it again . the actors were really good and i loved all the music ! there was not a lot of talking in the film , which at first felt a little strange- but once i got into it , i thought that the story and the acting was really emotional and meaningful and thought that it left a lot to the imagination . i want to see the movie again because there was so much going on in it that i forgot a lot of small things , but know that i left the theater thinking about the film . it was shot beautifully and the whole thing was really unique .
1 I loved that this film recognizes the intelligence of the viewer , allowing the layers to peel from the characters through their interactions with each other about the unspoken loss that has so affected each of them . < br /><br />The cinematography is a beautiful , and is an inspired reflection of the vision of someone I believe is an extremely talented new filmmaker with the maturity and artistic insight to tell a story that others with much more experience have failed to accomplish . I see a bright future for this writer / producer / director who had the ability to focus on a goal and accomplish it with integrity.<br /><br />Kudos for this achievement .
1 FINALLY ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I 've been waiting for this film to come out for almost a year , and finally saw it at the premiere in SB . I met a few of the actors , who were really nice and who were great in the movie . i watched the trailer so many times that i did n't know what to expect but got totally sucked in . the film was really beautiful to look at it and the music was good too . i recommend it to anyone who 's a ryan donowho fan , and dominique swain was good in it too . the other actors were good also great . I hope it comes out on DVD soon!!!!!<br /><br />i first got into ryan from watching the OC and then saw him in a bunch of good indies like Imaginary Heroes . He is great in this film , and everything that he does that 's indie . I also like Dominique but have n't seen her in as much . Hope to see them both in more soon ! ! !
1 I had the pleasure of attending a screening of The Pacific and Eddy last weekend at the Santa Barbara International Film Festival . This film had caught my attention a little while back when I stumbled across an article about it in Jalouse magazine . Seemed interesting at the time , but nothing too exciting . Anyhow , I saw it on the festival program and decided to check it out . All I can say is that I was speechless when the ending credits began to roll . This is one of the most beautiful and refreshing films that I have seen in some time . The photography , art direction , acting , and especially directing , were seamless and impeccable . Nothing is ' spelled out ' for you in this film and actually makes you think . Something that a vast majority of films today do the exact opposite . The dialogue is carefully crafted and , although this script is not wall to wall chatter , the characters words are very deliberate and meaningful.<br /><br />It 's definitely one of those films that deserves a second viewing and the more you see it , the more things you notice . It 's a very layered and intelligent film . Not sure when or where it 's playing again , but a definite must see for film enthusiasts .
1 * I mark where there are spoilers ! Overall comments : If you can take a serious movie , go see this . Have an open mind and you will enjoy it . Do n't leave the theater because you get confused as to what is going on ! The movie fits together nicely in the second half . I will be taking my mom to see it again when the movie officially opens . < br /><br />I was lucky to see this at a screening a couple of weeks ago , when Will was going around promoting the movie . He was great -- spent a lot of time with the fans . Thank you for the picture Will ! About Will 's performance : A lot of times when you see a movie with an actor really famous for some other movie / show , you always think of them in their current performance much like you think of them for their past performance . This is not the case with Will Smith in this movie . I did n't picture the Fresh Prince ( lol ) when I was watching this movie . He was completely and utterly convincing in this very , very serious role . He has grown immensely as an actor . I think he will at least get an Oscar nod for this performance.<br /><br />About his character : Ben is very conflicted and tormented . He 's sad ... guilt - ridden ... very determined , but very scared . Very true to himself . His character has a lot of depth ... and somehow , Will managed to bring that to life.<br /><br />About Emily ( Rosario ) : Rosario did a nice job portraying Emily , a woman very much behind on her taxes . Maybe she 's not the shining star Will is in this movie , but she was very convincing . I think her character just did not have as much to work with as Will 's did.<br /><br />About the plot ( no spoilers ) : I admit that I did NOT like the movie until the second half of it . I knew absolutely nothing about the movie going into it , and nothing made sense until the second part of it or so . But when things eventually fit together , wow . Surprisingly well written and well thought out . It 's an extremely intense movie that really sticks with you.<br /><br />It actually takes a lot out of you to watch . In the theater I was in , most people were crying towards the end -- even grown men . When you realize what Ben is doing , and why , it 's a very powerful moment ... <br /><br / > * * * * * * * Minor SPOILERS * * * * * Which is why it 's really hard to talk about the plot without giving major things away . I feel like knowing too much about this movie really ruins it . There was a lot of symbolism in the movie that I enjoyed , though . I will mention some of it here ( without trying to give a lot away).<br /><br />-The fish that Ben was keeping in his hotel room . At first , it makes no sense whatsoever . There was a LOT of chatter in the movie theater when people realized the reality of the fish.<br /><br />-I hated Ben at the beginning of the movie . By the end of it , I loved him and hated him . That 's how convincing Will was . I thought Ben was being a huge jerk to Ezra , a blind man just trying to make his way in the world . Why he was treating Ezra like that also became abundantly clear later in the movie . Wait it out though . Everything in this movie : wait it out.<br /><br />-Ben is a fundamentally good person who made a big mistake that he wo n't forgive himself for . It 's still unclear to me if he was doing what he was doing because he was trying to rid himself of his own guilt , or if he genuinely wanted to help people . I think it 's a little bit of both ... I think he wanted to help people but also rid himself of his past . I love his character . You love him and hate him because you realize that what he is doing is nothing short of amazing . You hate him because of what he is doing to himself ( as a very good person ) , both physically and emotionally . Nice job Will .
1 Seven Pounds , this was the movie where I was just convinced Will Smith is really going for the " I 'm going to make you cry " films . One thing I can give him a ton of credit for , the man can cry . My only thing is , as moving as the story is , Will Smith has proved time and time again that he can act , so why is he taking this extremely depressing story ? But nevertheless it 's still a good movie . I do have to admit it made me cry , but I felt that the stand out performance was Rosario Dawson , I absolutely love this girl , ever since I saw her in 25th Hour with Ed Norton , I knew this girl was going to go far . She 's beautiful , charming , funny and talented , ca n't wait to see how much further her career is going to go . But her and Will Smith , not so sure if they had the great chemistry that the film needed that would 've made this into a great film.<br /><br />Two years ago Tim Thomas was in a car crash , which was caused by him using his mobile phone ; seven people died : six strangers and his fiancée . A year after the crash , and having quit his job as an aeronautical engineer , Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother , Ben , an IRS employee . Six months later he donates part of his liver to a child services worker named Holly . After that he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations . He finds George , a junior hockey coach , and donates a kidney to him , and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas . Two weeks before he dies he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help . She suggests Connie Tepos , who lives with an abusive boyfriend . Tim moves out of his house and into a local motel taking with him his pet box jellyfish . One night , after being beaten , Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to his beach house . She takes her two children and moves in to their new home . Having stolen his brother 's credentials , and making himself known by his brother 's name Ben , he checks out candidates for his two final donations . The first is Ezra Turner , a blind vegetarian meat salesman who plays the piano . Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he is quick to anger . Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy . He then contacts Emily Posa , a self - employed greeting card printer who has a heart condition and a rare blood type . He spends time with her , weeding her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg printer . He begins to fall in love with her and decides that as her condition has worsened he needs to make his donation.<br /><br />Seven Pounds is a good film and no doubt worth a look , I would just recommend going for the rental vs. the theater . Will Smith pulls in a good performance , but not his best , just most of the film required him crying in every scene , but the last one with him is a doozy . But I loved the ending , it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and to not take it for granted . There is still good people in this world and Ben 's character reminds you to value life and to give to those who are in desperate need . Although he went a little far , but it was still a beautiful story.<br /><br />7/10
1 It all starts with a suicide . Or is it a car crash ? I guess it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or the end . Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the ability to enter his new film Seven Pounds whichever way you prefer as he starts at the end and works his way back to the beginning , showing us the course of events that led us to that heartbreaking 911 call . This is one powerful movie ; maybe that is because I 'm a softy when it comes to dramas of this ilk , dripping with weighty moments and chock full of devastating performances , but either way , a film works best when it truly touches me , when it lingers in the back of my head hours after leaving the theatre . And this is from the team that brought us the overrated , sappy , and not all that redeeming Pursuit of Happiness , so I 'll just say my anticipation was closely guarded for a big letdown . With all that , though , I was with Seven Pounds from the opening frame all the way until the credits rolled . Even though you figure out what Will Smith 's character is doing , that secret mission he is trying to complete , it is the way in which he fulfills his penance that shines bright and leaves you with a tear - filled smile at the end.<br /><br />Our entry point is a bit jarring , leaving us off - kilter trying to comprehend what is going on . Smith 's Thomas has lists of names , one of people we do n't know and one of people it appears he is attempting to follow and audit . Working with the IRS allows him access to these strangers for a glimpse into their lives in order to see whether they are worthy of a gift he has the power to give them—a gift that could completely alter their circumstances . He calls an old childhood friend ( Barry Pepper ) and reminds him to do what it is he promised , to not second guess his decision because there is no changing his mind . Even in a role as small as Pepper 's , you ca n't help but feel the utter grief held aloft in the background , hanging above everyone 's head . It is his character , seen maybe three times , that really encompasses the primal level of emotion being dealt with . His breakdowns , whether tear - streaked and composed or head in hands convulsions , show the bond these two men have is one that stands the test of time and any circumstance to come its way.<br /><br />After that phone call , begins the journey to meet new people . Thomas is on some sort of mission to help alleviate the monetary troubles of mortally ill folk , trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival . This progression takes many turns , from a " blind , vegan , meat salesman " that he berates to see whether he can get him to explode ; to a phase two donor - necessity heart patient , unable to print her line of stationary , or even run with her Great Dane Duke ; to an abused and scared Latino mother of two , too afraid to leave her boyfriend ; to a dying hockey coach that instills faith in a downtrodden youth community ; to a little boy in need of a bone marrow transplant . There are people who live with the pain and inevitable future with a disposition of hope and wanting to cherish each day , and there are those attempting to beat it by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out in style . Why it is up to Thomas to weed through the mix and find those that deserve his " gift " is unknown at first , as is why this man , seen in flashbacks as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and huge beachfront home , is now living in a motel , driving a beat - up car , going door to door in order to audit for the IRS . As he says , though , " he kind of stumbled into the job".<br /><br />Smith 's quest as Thomas is a long and painful one , tempered with moments of clarity and honest compassion . As a man with the means to help , he takes his job seriously , crossing off people undeserving and testing those he believes are worthy to the nth degree . If that means he must yell and make fun of them , he must do it . At every step , though , you see the suffering in his eyes , the pain eating away at his soul , taking each step towards his fate , one as a saint of redemption , not only for those he wants to help , but for himself as well . It is an award - worthy performance and I only wish Smith would do more dramas like this instead of his blockbuster action summer tentpoles , because , while they are fun , this guy is too good for them . The man better win an Oscar before he is done or it will be a travesty—at least in my mind.<br /><br />The rest of the cast is stellar across the board . Woody Harrelson as the blind salesman is pitch - perfect handicap with a joy of life . His shy smile and belief in humanity comes across throughout , whether on the phone being yelled at , sitting in a diner eating his pie , or at the piano in the park , playing for all who will listen . Elpidia Carrillo , as the abused mother , is fantastic , showing the hard evolution from prideful to scared to completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger , allowing her family to finally be safe . And Rosario Dawson shines as the " once hot " young woman , beaten and broken by lengthy hospital stays , all but given up on living life to find love and happiness . It is the introduction of Smith 's Thomas that opens her eyes again to be a woman , a free - spirited sexual creature that can just live without fear of wondering what day will be her last .
1 You spend most of this two - hour film wondering " what 's the story regarding the lead character ? " < br /><br />Will Smith , as a low - key " Ben Thomas " will keep you guessing . The last 20 - 25 minutes is when you find out , and it 's a shocker .... but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed . Until then , Smith , plays it mysterious , almost stalking people . You know he has a good reason for doing it , but it 's never really explained , once again , to keep us guessing until the end.<br /><br />All of it , including a on again / off again but touching romance with Rosario Dawkins ( " Emily Posa " ) might make some viewers frustrated or wanting to quit this film ..... but do n't because the final long segment puts all the pieces of this puzzle together.<br /><br />This is a two - hour film and not the typical action - packed macho Will Smith film . In fact , the most shocking aspect might be seeing the drawn , sad face of Smith throughout this story . It almost does n't even look like him in a number of shots . He looks like he 's lost weight and is sick . Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.<br /><br />Like a good movie will often do , this film will leave you thinking long after the ending credits .
1 Although I can understand the bad things someone has to say about this movie , I still found it to be absolutely amazing . It will touch you , and unless your a critic searching deep into the flaws and mishaps of every movie , or you just simply are n't touched by anything , it is worth seeing . Do n't come into the movie expecting anything , just have a box of tissues and an open mind . It is beautiful and the acting is brilliant . I think Will Smith , despite that he 's yet again playing another lonely depressed individual , is amazing . I believe a good actor is someone who can truly portray feelings and emotions we all have at our worst / best experiences in such a way that it reaches out to you and makes YOU feel something . And that 's exactly what this movie does . Give it a chance .
1 Ben Thomas ( Smith ) plays an IRS Agent who practically gives the store away to everyone 's surprise . What kind of IRS Agent is this?<br /><br />Most of us have all heard the line by an IRS Agent , " Hello , I 'm from the IRS . I 'm here to help . " Our smile then spreads into a chuckle that says , " Yeah , right." < br /><br />As you get further and further into this story , you can not figure this guy out . He goes easy on those who are being audited . What is his motive ? Is he from another planet , an angel , a rich guy who wants to do good ? He helps so much we want him to be our auditor should we get audited , of course . Hey , IRS , are you listening ? ( kidding , just kidding)<br /><br />The pace of the movie is perfect and so much so that clues were ignored that would have told me what was really going on . Intense , repeat intense , focus was on Ben and stays there . The whole movie only works because of Ben as we try to figure him out and I did n't see any clues ( what clues you talking about , Willis ? ) . Not reading the box before watching the DVD movie was the better way to go here . By the end of the movie I finally put it all together . Well , it was obvious by then . And , yes , it 's over the top , but still a great story , mostly because of Will Smith . < br /><br />Will Smith should have been nominated for a Best Actor Award . The rest of the cast were very good as well . < br /><br />Yes , it 's over the top and despite the great acting and when you finally get all the answers you must realize that the message of the movie is all wrong . What 's the message ? Believe me , you will wo n't need too many clues to figure it out . I did n't . < br /><br />Violence : No . Sex : Yes , but nothing to get excited about . Bland . Nudity : No . Language : No .
1 Wow ... I do n't know what to say . I just watched Seven Pounds . No one can make me cry like Will Smith . The man is very in - tune with the vast range of human emotion . This movie was skillfully and beautifully done . Rare to find such intense humanity in Hollywood today . I would compare it to " Pay it Forward " and " Crash " as far as the show of both light and dark in such a raw way . Definitely sticks with you for a long time and gives you a lot to think about . I have a deep love for and passion about movies like this one . Not usually one for a " bad ending " but rather a truth seeker that embraces emotion , raw life and something more than the shallowness that exists in abundance all around . Therefore I do not mind a little pain at the end . It is true to life that there are n't always happy endings . Sometimes its just not the happy ending you think it should be . Many people were able to live happy lives though love and life of one was lost . If you are someone who looks a little deeper than the rest you 'll love this movie !
1 Featuring a fascinating performance by Will Smith and a story that tugs at your heartstrings harder than a rock guitarist mid - solo , " Seven Pounds " races past the director 's previous collaboration with the actor ( The Pursuit of Happiness ) , a flick which I also loved . Remember Gabriele Muccino 's name because some of his movies may skip by unnoticed if the actor attached to the project is n't quite so high - profile . < br /><br />Too bad I figured out Will Smith 's scheme early on , I put two and two together when he calls in his own suicide in the first scene and the scene when Rosario Dawson 's character is introduced as having an incurable heart - disease.<br /><br />However , I still think the writer / director made the right choice putting the bookends ( bookends are the first and the last scene ) in that way , it 's the source of urgency and tension in the movie , finding out gradually how exactly a man can be driven to that ultimate sacrifice , and it was heartbreaking to see the relationship between Smith 's and Dawson 's character flourish and develop , knowing in the back of the mind always what was in store for these unlucky two.<br /><br />One of my friends with whom I saw the movie thought Smith 's character could have a divine gift , and I understand why : his performance is almost angelic when in the presence of his seven elected ones , yet at other times he could be harsh and scary , and when he 's alone the full weight of his situation got too much for him and he breaks down completely . It 's quite a versatile performance.<br /><br />Lastly I ca n't forget to mention the crash scene re - enactment , which was really quite stunningly done in terms of cinematography paired with music . Put this on your list .
1 Although a tear jerker it is definitely a " feel good " movie . All the actors were excellent and Will Smith as always , does the job and does it well . I could go on but pick any ten of the " 10 " ratings and they 've said it as well and likely better than I could . < br /><br />BUT , since I must include at least 10 lines to post a comment I will say that Rosario Dawson was largely unknown to me as a viewer . Her performance was most enjoyable and I look forward to seeing her perform in many films to come.<br /><br />AND , this film demonstrates that Will Smith has nothing further to prove in terms of his ability as an actor .
1 First , I did like this film . It was well acted by all.<br /><br />However , I do n't understand comments I hear from people about a surprise ending . I knew nothing about this movie going in except a few " gotta - see " recommendations , but I knew where the plot was going in under ten minutes . ( I wo n't mention what clued me in so as not to spoil a good film for others . ) Still , despite it seeming obvious , I kept watching . It was nice to see how everything played out , filling in the details and the character motivations in later scenes.<br /><br />I do n't hate it when I guess the ending early in a film . I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.<br /><br />Will Smith 's screen persona is just likable , even when he 's playing such a troubled character . He 's energetic and believable in everything that I 've seen him do . Seven Pounds is another fine performance.<br /><br />Rosario Dawson is a solid performer , portraying a quirky , rather upbeat character despite a terminal heart condition . Beauty is in the eye of the beholder , and with Rosario , if you do n't find her gorgeous , you should think about replacing your eyes.<br /><br />It was nice to see Woody Harrelson back on the screen . I have n't seen him much lately , but that could just be me . Woody did n't have a tremendous amount of screen time , but he sold his jolly , piano - playing , blind man character for all it was worth . Excellent.<br /><br />A cursory bit of research on the box jellyfish tells me that its venom is cardiotoxic , neurotoxic and dermatonecrotic . I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.<br /><br />Overall , I have to recommend this film not for the plotting , but for some very good performances , and for the fact that it tends to evoke some of the tragic emotions that we generally try to avoid .
1 Before I see on this film , I see a lot of comments , which everyone has a great view of the film good or bad ... <br /><br />What I really want to point out is the acting on Woody Harrelson behalf , he may not be in many parts of the film , but when he appears or even the intro , I was astonished by Will Smith 's and Woody Harrelson " message " they tried to create and maybe slip the entire plot until the end to really understand what is going on.<br /><br />I am not a very sentimental person , I believe that a good deed should not have remorse or pity behind it . But a act to show redemption , there is not many films that in my point of view can show this . This is one of them that can.<br /><br />I agree with one person that commented about this film showing acts of " suicide " is a downfall , however I do not believe that is the " message " the film is trying to send , but " sacrifice " . A bit to the extreme , but that is the message in MY opinion.<br /><br />This film has potential . The acting it is worth every penny , the script is unbelievable . from a person that does n't really like watching drama films ... if you like drama this is a must go watch .
1 I thought this was a wonderful movie . It touches every fiber of a human being . The love in the film is very intense . I thought it was Will 's best performance to date . Great directing . Liked the editing . Music was great . Good use of flashback . This is the kind of movie everyone should go see . I hope people will get something wonderful from this . Overall , excellent movie . I think Hollywood should make more movies with substance . Even action films can have a caring story . I like the fact that Will was very subtle in his acting . He had a purpose and a dedication that is rare to see . I would suggest watching this alone or with someone that you really care about . For me , I found that the world stopped and my only focus was on the film . The outside world was suspended for a moment . It was a nice feeling with all this chaos going on in this world . And with this me generation it was great to see something(someone ) that cared about other people more than himself .
1 WOW ! What - a - movie ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! I 'm not at all a fan of contemporary Italian directors . Usually I do n't like dramas . I am not a Will Smith super fan even thinking that he is a very good actor ...... but this movie ! It is such a great movie with a such original script and so good direction and so well acting ... wow ... it is stunning . This movie captured my attention minute by minute and I even did not like " The pursuit of happiness " ( maybe also because i did not like the acting of Will 's son who is a very bad actor while children usually seems all natural born actors , I saw him also last night in " The day the earth stood still " and I confirmed my sensation that Jaden ca n't act ) . I do n't want to write spoilers and so i do n't talk about the story but what I can say is that this movie talks about Love , Death and other feelings which i do n't like to watch in movies .... but THIS MOVIE is such a super great movie . If you have a minimum of heart you 'll do n't regret watching it
1 From the first scene you are given clues as to what may be going on here . It becomes more and more obvious as the story rolls on . The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul . Even though I knew what was going to happen I was extremely puzzled by the motive . I 'm still puzzled as to why Ben did what he did . We could see in his face " second thoughts " , but the ultimate sacrifice seemed to go against his emotion and feelings . It was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused . Maybe that was the point of the film . I did like the film and Wil Smith can wrack up another good film choice . This guy knows how to entertain an audience !
1 Haunted by a secret , Ben Thomas ( Will Smith ) looks for redemption by radically transforming the lives of seven people he does n't know . Once his plan is set , nothing will be able to stop him . At least that 's what he thinks . But Ben had n't planned on falling in love with one of these people and she 's the one who will end up transforming him . Will Smith is back again with Director Gabriele Muccino , after the life inspiring movie " The Pursuit of Happiness " . " Seven Pounds " is yet another life changing movie experience , which not only does reminds you of their previous collaboration , tearful , but inspires you joyfully in the end . Will Smith , also is the producer again with some of the others . These movies are very realistic , which depicts a common man 's life & his struggles through life . Seven Pounds might have took some time to gain it 's actual momentum , but just after half an hour of the movie , the movie is all set to rule your heart . Also , this movie has some twists revolving around , which lets the viewers keep guessing . Director Gabriele Muccino once again is the winner all the way , with his emotional yet inspiring message . He makes all the characters of the movie very real , that the people would actually find themselves in somewhere of the movie . Along with the director , Will Smith is yet another winner , with his superb acting skills . Once again , the duo of the director & the actor works as a charm . Also , there are other talented actors in the movie who did their part pretty well . Rosario Dawson , beauty with brains , that 's what she can be called . She looks beautiful & does her part extremely well . Barry Pepper , gives a great support to the movie & Woody Harrelson does the same , although Woody did not had much screen timing(would have been good if he had more ) . You wo n't forget this movie easily . Watch this movie & change your life . Top class cinema !
1 When its DVD was released i came to market and bought it . And i think my money was on right way as i expected before buying it . Awesome movie what else i can say for Will Smith , He 's been an awesome actor like always whether in actions movies or serious . Always he gives a record braking performance . I think this is the movie after August Rush which makes a person cry while watching it . The way the director described the story was really awesome . His previous life and his new life in movie was correctly elaborated to the audience . Even i could not find any fault in the story or the way they shoot it . I think its DVD should be a household because this will be really a nice thing for your collection . It is not the movie which needs pop - corns for enjoyment , this is the movie which let the audience learn a lesson . now what is the lesson you can see that while watching . And i advise those people who are movie critics please watch this if you could find any criticism about this movie then please talk to me .
1 Will Smith is one of the best actors of all time . I do n't know how he does it . I read books constantly but if there is a movie with Will Smith I will watch it . He has a rare gift of pulling you into the movie and holding you there . This movie is one of the best movies I have seen yet . I watched it on Saturday and I still can not get it out of my head . AMAZING and sad all at the same time . Thanks again Will . You must watch this movie from beginning to end to understand every part of the movie . You can not miss a thing . Make sure you have plenty of Kleenex and your man / woman sitting next to you so you can cuddle . WELL Worth the money that you will pay to watch it .. do n't wait for it to come on TV .
1 The emotional impact of this movie defies words . It is elegant , subtle , beautiful , and tragic all rolled into two hours . This is Will Smith as he matures into his acting ability , the full range of it . Who knew ? I saw The Pursuit of Happiness and thought , this must be a fluke for the blockbuster , over - the - top actor , Smith . His performances in both movies portray a whole other dimension to Smith , a refinement of talent , the selectivity of scripts , I 'm not sure , but I view him differently now . Seven Pounds is one of those movies that in order to fully enjoy its essence you have to suspend your belief . Do n't watch it for the plot , watch it for the fragile condition of the human heart , both literally and metaphorically . It is a story of human guilt , atonement , love , and sacrifice .
1 Will Smith delivers yet again in a film about a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders and his crusade to right his wrongs in a way that will touch even the most hardened of hearts ! ! ! Writer Grant Nieporte and Italian Director Gabriele Muccino come together and created a masterpiece that I highly recommend to purchase and keep in your movie collection as you will never grow tired of watching / feeling this film ! ! ! I have the Highest Respects for Will Smith as he is not only a brilliant Actor but one can tell he has a genuine love for people and life which no doubt made him perfect for the character ( IRS Agent Ben Thomas ) he played in this film . You will find yourself feeling his pain and anger , the frustrations over his love for Emily , played by Rosario Dawson , who by the way was Fantastic as usual . I found myself falling in love with the fact their characters were falling in love . Woody Harrelson also stars in this Top Notch film . I find it very difficult to write this review without giving away key plot points ... All I can say is , Watch it and when you do make sure you have nothing to interrupt you , take the phone off the hook , sit back and get ready to start trying to unravel the mysterious life and past of IRS Agent Ben Thomas ... I thank you Will Smith for another Great Film ! ! !
1 I have never commented on a film before . I watched this movie with my girlfriend last night . I 've read comments saying this movie stays with you . It does . It 's been almost 24 hours and I am still completely affected . This movie left me questioning my own self . How can I possibly compare myself to a character such as Ben who is totally selfless . I loved this movie . I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end . I feel two emotions predominantly , happiness and sadness . An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too . I so wanted Ben and Emily to be together , but in the end , they were , forever . If you have n't seen this movie , get it and watch it . Just make sure you have no distractions . You 'll want to see every nuance in this picture . One for my library .
1 When i first saw the title i was already deducing the theme of the film - it clearly was n't a reference to British currency , so it had to be Shakespearian and about pounds of flesh - taking them , or giving them . Will Smith 's a feelgood actor , so serial killers were out . It could only be about a man giving them , so must be about guilt somehow . I spoilt the whole thing for myself by looking it up and knowing the story before i watched , as the beauty of the build - up is the way parts of the main character 's background are drip fed to slowly illuminate the audience as to who he is and why he is doing what he is doing.<br /><br />Guilt is a very hard subject to do simply because it 's deeply uncomfortable and sad , which is not an encouraging premise when you are hoping for a roller - coaster ride - you know its going to be unpleasant . I would n't say the movie glorifies suicide ; it delves into the most extreme form of self - sacrifice - martyrdom.<br /><br />It 's also brimming with symbolism everywhere , which is a surefire tell - tale sign that the writing is cleverly thought out in great detail and driving at multiple meanings and a deep reflective nature . The most prominent theme that struck me was that he was not only giving his heart to the girl he loves emotionally and metaphorically , but was giving it to her physically as the greatest gift he could . Determined to die , but his plan is thwarted by falling in love - what a 2nd act complication . Absolutely masterful.<br /><br />Yes it is very slow - paced , but i 'm undecided as to whether it would have been better slotted into a smaller timeframe . I did n't feel the strain and his terrible inner turmoil as much as i could have , but maybe that 's just me having ruined it for myself beforehand . Saying all that though , it is a deeply moving and original film that is an incredibly powerful and thought - provoking tragedy that deserves the awards it will inevitably get .
1 Seven Pounds stars Will Smith as Ben Thomas , an IRS collection agent who has an ulterior motive for meeting those who have gotten behind on their tax payments . Thomas caused the deaths of seven people whilst driving talking on his phone and the movie follows his attempt to try and atone for his , quite frankly , unforgivable crime.<br /><br />The story line is as subtle as a brick through a green house window . What you see is exactly what is happening - even the ending of Titanic was more surprising when compared to Seven Pounds . There is absolutely no twist whatsoever , there is never any confusion or doubt as to what is happening.<br /><br />Normally I only like Will Smith when is in full Bad Boys mode . The guy is at his best when sporting a gun , driving a Ford GT and saying " Aw Hell Nah " as whenever he tries to act serious it only comes across as a pathetic attempt at trying to gain an Oscar which he is so obviously is desperate for . This is probably the main reason why I was n't looking forward to the movie , although here he is very understated . There are flashes of comedy but they are subtle , in fact it was the most understated Will Smith performance I have ever seen and for that reason alone he was fantastic and ironically should be nominated for a major award.<br /><br />The supporting cast were all grand too - Rosario Dawson looked pretty much at deaths door the whole film and Woody Harrelson and Barry Pepper were fine as where all the other bit players.<br /><br />Overall it is a weepy - but it is n't throwing all the usual clichés and sentimental violins to give you no other choice but to cry . There were a few times that even my hardened heart nearly broke . You will be hard pressed not to find one of the situations that does not relate to your own life which makes it seem all the more real.<br /><br />I would give it 8/10 . The Will Smith show moves onto drama without all the desperation of The Pursuit of Happiness and comes of all the better for it .
1 Going into see Seven Pounds i was n't clearly sure what to think because the previews left to much open to grasp what the movie was really about . So within the first 20 min or so you are completely lost in the plot , have no idea what is going on and you think Tim , who claims to be Ben , is just a big asshole . All of this comes to an end when the " twist",so to speak , is unraveled at the very last minute of the movie . Basically Tim ( will smith ) was troubled and haunted by a big accident he made causing the end of seven peoples lives . By this he decides to scope out seven new people who are in need of help badly who he in turns gives his life to.<br /><br />The acting of this film is great , as i feel will smith no matter what part he seems to impress . Rosario Dawson , to me , this is one of her better movies , aside from eagle eye which i think is up there to . She has been in some bad some good but she does deliver in this film . Other actors , such as woody Harrelson , have very small roles and not a big enough role to grasp the character . Although the casting of the film was still good.<br /><br />This movie was definitely not what i expected and certainly a lot slower pace in which i hoped . The movie , however , was still pretty good . Nothing is revealed until the last 5 min of the movie and everything falls into place . Up until then it just seems like a pointless love story . Final thought seven pounds = seven Stars .
1 One thing is for sure ... you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day . The story is based around a sad event and follows a character who has to live with a sin that he ca nt handle . The story is drip fed to you rather than the usual dumbed down explanation so it keeps you wondering what is going on . Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense . All the characters were OK and Wil Smith did another good day at the office.<br /><br />There are no doubt a lot of moral questions to be asked but if you just accept and buy into his agony then it is easier to accept what he has chosen to do . Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant . The journey it takes you on is interesting enough , if not overwhelming.<br /><br />A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end . I would recommend this film if you like the sort where you have to think and not just watch explosions and fights .
1 This movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all . I know I 've personally run into this many times . Thank goodness Will Smith has jumped onto the societal issue of text messaging while driving . People , do n't do it . An hour and forty five minutes is not enough time for this cause . Personally , I wanted to throw away my cell phone after the movie . I was glad to see other people in the theater saw the message and dumped their phones with the empty bags of popcorn . I decided to disable all text messaging on my phone and would encourage others to do the same . If you care about your family , make them watch this vital Public Service Announcement on text messaging while driving or they could kill seven people . Thanks for showing us the way .
1 Rather nasty piece of business featuring Bela Lugosi as a mad scientist ( with yes , a Renfield - like assistant and his mother , a dwarf and yes , the scientist 's wife ( sounds like a Greenaway movie actually lol ) . Lugosi gives his wife injections from dead brides ( why them ? Who knows ? ) so that his wife can keep looking beautiful . He gets the brides after doing a pretty clever trick with some orchids that makes the brides collapse at the altar . After another bride bites the dust , a newspaper reporter just HAPPENS to be around for the scoop , and decides to snoop around for a story . She gets all sorts of clues about the orchids and Lugosi . Heaven knows where the police were . Soon she 's off to Bela 's lair , when she meets a sort of strange looking doctor who may or may not be eeeevil . It all cumulates in a totally far - fetched plan to have a fake wedding to capture the mad scientist , but it seems that the scientist has x - ray vision , as he foils her plans , Oh no ! What will happen ? I actually liked this movie as a bit of a guilty pleasure . Lugosi is great here , his hangers - on are all very very strange , the story is actually quite nasty in some places which makes it all most watchable . A fun little view .
1 Bela made 9 pics for Monogram , but it was only at THIS one , the 4TH , that things started to come together . All the rest in the series would use this one as the essential template for production , writing and character development . From here on , better or worse , the series would also deal with one essential theme : a scientist ( usually Bela ) makes experiments in the basement or the old house ( sometimes IN the basement in the old house ) that causes things to go blooey . This was also the first time that Art Director Dave Milton got a chance to spread his wings . He came on board for BLACK DRAGONS , the flick before , but THIS one is where he gets to make his craft start to click . Lewis made great atmosphere for next to nothing , and was around for all the rest of the Monograms . Casting is key in these , and it 's a pretty good one B movie wise , here . You get Barclay and Harlen ( also from BLACK DRAGONS),along with Russell , who would star in Lewtons ' CAT PEOPLE movies .. and Rosetto , from SPOOKS RUN WILD ... a nice slice of Poverty Row talent . If you have limited time and budget , start with this one ... it sums up everything they had learned up to this point , and gives you something to compare the rest to . The plot ? Bela steals gland juice to keep his nasty wife young . They both like to sleep in coffins . If you can read that and smile , the rest will be easy .
1 This is not Bela Lagosi 's best movie , but it 's got a good old style approach for some 40 's horror entertainment.<br /><br />Brides are dropping dead at the altar like flies . I think I 'd postpone the wedding until after the fiend is caught , but it 's a horror movie , so I guess people ignore the danger for some reason . Anyway , Lagosi is a mad doctor , who needs young female blood to keep his aging , sickly wife healthy and happy . He always eludes the Keystone Cops by hiding the bodies in a hearse ( who would think of looking for a corpse in a hearse ? ) , and the brides just keep on getting zapped.<br /><br />No movie like this would be complete without a Lois Lane type female reporter who wants to catch the criminal on her own . Good at solving crime , bad at keeping her mouth shut at all the wrong times , guess who Lagosi picks for his next intended victim . I love the " haunted house " bit where Lois Lane gets stranded by a thunderstorm as a guest at Lagosi 's sinister mansion . Hidden passageways , a vampire - like wife , an evil dwarf Igor assistant , and so on . Good stuff.<br /><br />Fairly well done pacing keeps the film moving , and the story resolves itself in a typical but satisfying manner . If you like old horror movies , this one is worth a watch .
1 I would n't say this is a bad movie ; in fact it 's pretty typical of the type of film that the " poverty row " studios were releasing at the time . Filmed for Monogram , Bela Lugosi is very effective in his role as the somewhat demented doctor - scientist , masquerading as a respected member of the community . In this movie , Bela and his henchmen have the nasty habit of stealing young brides , and , after their demise , injecting Bela 's wife with a serum taken from their bodies in order to keep her young . Lugosi is more than up to the task in making this an enjoyable film , however , the movie suffers from the ultra - wooden acting of co stars Luana Walters and Tristram Coffin . Coffin ( nice name for a guy in a horror flick ) is especially bad in this case . I 've seen him in numerous movies and tv shows and he is always the same ; stiff , wooden and utterly unconvincing . Miss Walters is only slightly better , but she too lacks the acting talent to make her role believable . Still , the viewer can enjoy the great Lugosi act out yet another dastardly scheme only to be foiled in the end ! Despite the poor acting by some , " The Corpse Vanishes " is an enjoyable movie for all to see .
1 This is an excellent movie . The cast is a great mix of characters and the story is decent . The movie is basically about a well - accomplished doctor stealing the bodies of dead brides and taking them to his home . Once the bodies are at his home , he removes stuff ( i hate to use such a general term , but i forget what it was he removed ) and puts it into his wife to retain her youth . Then a reporter , Patricia Hunter , investigates the situation and begins to find answers on why the brides were dying . She takes a trip to the doctors house and the interesting things begin to take place . Definitely watch this oldie , but goodie if you can .
1 Bela Lugosi appeared in several of these low budget chillers for Monogram Studios in the 1940 's and The Corpse Vanishes is one of the better ones.<br /><br />Bela plays a mad scientist who kidnaps young brides and kills them and then extracts fluid from their bodies so he can keep his ageing wife looking young . After a reporter and a doctor stay the night at his home and discover he is responsible for the brides ' deaths , the following morning they report these murders to the police and the mad scientist is shot and drops dead shortly afterwards.<br /><br />You have got almost everything in this movie : the scientist 's assistants consist of an old hag , a hunchback and dwarf ( her sons ) , a thunderstorm and spooky passages in Bela 's house . Bela and his wife find they sleep better in coffins rather than beds in the movie.<br /><br />The Corpse Vanishes is worth a look , especially for Bela Lugosi fans . Great fun.<br /><br />Rating : 3 stars out of 5 .
1 This movie was featured on a very early episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000 , but when I see this film , I do n't think about that wonderful TV series . I believe this was a surprisingly good early 40 's horror flick , with very surprisingly good sound and picture for a 67 year old public domain horror movie . I actually enjoyed watching Bela Lugosi and his bizarre staff , including his wife who requires fluid from the glands of young would - be brides , an old hag , and her two bizarre sons , one a giant idiot , the other a comical dwarf(Angelo Rossitto from 1932 's Freaks ) . I also enjoyed the plucky young female reporter , who is kind of a stereotype , but still fun to watch . My only problem with this otherwise decent film is it 's plot , even ridiculous and unbelievable for a movie . I do n't want to spoil any of this film , so go out and rent it , or , better yet , buy it for a couple of bucks .
1 This is one movie that will take time to get out of your head once you have seen it . The dialogs are close to perfect , which was to be expected as it has been adapted from a play . The actors are simply giving their best , the story is simple and attractive . 88 minutes of pure bliss!<br /><br />Yvan Attal is totally credible in his role , Sandrine Kiberlain is still the beautiful blonde ( but not so dumb ) providing as much pleasure to the eyes as to the ears , Jean - Paul Rouve is providing an excellent approximation of the total jerk ( and proud to be such ) , and Marina Fois is the dumb friend who is always blundering when you expect it least.<br /><br />Thumbs up to Bernard Rapp and associates for adapting this excellent play , and all the best for future productions!<br /><br />I wish there were more of these in nowadays production . If you liked it , you will also probably enjoy : " Un air de famille " , and " Cuisine et dependances " . Both were written and played by the couple Bacri / Jaoui .
1 Putting the UFO " thing " aside . This was the best documentary I 've seen . Factual reporting by Neil and Buzz ... a must see . The interviews and reporting are a revelation since most of the information was stamped confidential in 1969 and only released in 2006 . No documentary to date has the detail or accuracy for such a brief 47 minutes ... The FACTS will blow you away , and you will be left in awe of the risks taken to be the first on the moon ... Neil and Buzz are probably the biggest hero 's of our time . Ever see a man save his own life ? Bet not . Neil saves his life when only mili - seconds separated him from death . Amazing to watch . It is a travesty people have not known all the details assosiated with landing on the moon and the courage those men had when facing certain death , from a failing computer ... 10 stars !
1 If you 're researching UFO facts , then this video is very important . The ' meat ' of the video is the comments made by Buzz Aldrin . He is without a doubt from the best of America . Trained to be objective , honest and factual in his reports . Many Astronauts from America of all eras have reported some kind of contact , or UFO observance and there are videos from some of those missions . At the very least something has happened that requires further objective ongoing investigating . I think this testimony from Buzz Aldrin shows that it is possible that other worlds may be interested in our progress . Like all supposed documentary video , this one may be slanted , but it does contain further information and opinions from an accomplished American hero . Those do n't come along every day . So the fact that some people are n't interested in details should not detour your from viewing this video . If nothing else , it is interesting and I recommend you watch with an open mind .
1 I have to say , as a BSG fan I was n't exactly sure what I 'd think of this show . I saw it on the big screen at the Arclight cinema tonight ( as part of the Paley Center screenings ) , and the cast and film makers spoke after - wards . Ron Moore said they ' wanted to make a clean break from Battlestar , and do something different , and that yes they would lose some fans but hopefully they 'd gain others " . < br /><br />Even without their talk , I am now a fan of the new show . But here 's what I thought of the film.<br /><br />I loved it . It was really very good . I guess I 'm a true sci - fi ( or ' syfy ' - do I really have to type that ? ) geek , because I 'd totally watch this as a series . It has a strong and rich story , and kept my interest . < br /><br />It starts with a small group of teenagers plotting something , which to me was the weakest part and a bit confusing . The actor playing " Ben " should have given us more of a glimpse into his intense beliefs . The actress playing " Zoe " seemed a little posy , but she was playing a teenager ( and I 'm sure I wo n't be the only one who thought " Zoe " was a cylon at first , perils of being a BSG geek ) . If they 're hoping these will be the new Bamber / Helfer / Park , they may want to rethink it . Surprisingly , it was the adults that captured the audiences attention.<br /><br />Eric Stoltz gives a stellar performance as Daniel Greystone , a man so haunted by his family tragedy that he jumps at the first chance of getting out of his grief and does n't let go . He does a chilling and enthralling job of conveying his character 's sly knowledge of the inner world of computers and people , especially in a scene in which he spins a web for the young teenage friend of his daughters , traps her , then dismisses and releases her . No sign at all of the ' serial killer ' he played on Gray 's Anatomy , really impressive acting.<br /><br />Equally as strong though not in it nearly as much is Paula Malcomson as his wife Amanda Greystone . She is just as smart and well written and beautifully played as Stoltz 's part , and I completely believed that they are a couple , and a couple that have been together forever and have a strong relationship , something rarely seen these days . I look forward to seeing what happens with this family , and hope they give her as much to do as Roslin in BSG- she is strong and smart and when she lashes out at her kid , you cringe , it 's really great . Not to mention her eyes , which could hold magical powers , that 's how intense they are . The scene where she takes on the government agent- very short scene , but beautifully played- really gives you an idea of her power.<br /><br />The other part of the show that did not work 100 % for me were the scenes with Esai Morales , and the mafia type clan of his . He does a good job overall , but I did not believe in this mobs power , nor intimidated by their threats . I found myself wishing that this whole story line was a bit more mysterious and hard to figure out ; the way it is presented is almost an homage to the Godfather , they kind of hit you over the head with it a bit . But given time , I can see how this will develop into an interesting ' Upstairs / downstairs ' kind of thing , with the poor minorities ( Morales et al ) versus the rich folk who rule the planet ( Stolz et al ) . And to be honest , I did enjoy it when he spoke to his son about the origin of their name- that was a very well played scene.<br /><br />Note to BSG fans , the boy playing ' Willy Adama ' does n't really look much like Olmos , but he 's just a kid . Whether or not he 'll be featured any more than he was in this film , who knows ? I sure could n't tell . But it did n't bother me , because he was n't as interesting as everything else going on around him.<br /><br />Polly Walker plays ' Sister Clarice ' , and she 's chilling and odd in every scene she 's in . I 'm not sure where she 'll go or who she 'll end up with , but I was very impressed with her acting . In this film she was sort of on the side , but obviously being set up to play a very important part later on . She was nothing like her character in " Rome " , something I always find impressive in actors.<br /><br />One nice surprise- the music is actually better and less obvious than BSG , even though it 's the same guy doing it , Bear McCreary . It has a haunting and unusual approach that took me by surprise , I 'd buy this score if I had the chance.<br /><br />As to the ' panel discussion ' after the show , it was hosted by Seth Green . Ron Moore was very smart and articulate , David Eick was cracking wise ( much like his video diaries ) , Esai Morales told a long story about how he was cast , and Eric Stoltz was very funny and did n't really answer the questions ( but I 've always had a thing for him ) . Paula Malcomson was tough ( she took Seth Green to task for mistakenly saying she was on ' 24 ' ) , and the girls who played Zooey and Lacey were both darling . Grace Park and Tricia Helfer were there as well , answering questions about how they did the scenes acting with themselves on BSG . Overall a very interesting and wonderful evening.<br /><br />I'm giving the show a 9 out of 10 , and very much looking forward to watching it all unfold.<br /><br />NOTE : I just watched this a second time and really hope they explore what the HOLOBAND was originally made for . I have no idea what that may be , but it holds a great deal of fascination to me .
1 I was blown away by the re - imagined Battlestar Galactica , a show that always kept me guessing and brought me to tears on more than one occasion . A hardened sci - fi fan , I like to think I can pick out the good stuff from the BS , and this was good stuff.<br /><br />As such , when I first heard about the prospect of a prequel series some months ago I got a sick feeling in my gut . I was afraid that the formula that made Battlestar so successful would be reused in Caprica , which would n't work at all . BSG 's story , of a mournful ragged band of survivors , trapped aboard decaying star ships and guided by prophetic vision and a sequence of pseudo - miracles , was perfectly complimented by extraordinary music and a better cast of actors.<br /><br />Caprica feels different . Where BSG takes place after the fall of a great civilization , Caprica portrays that civilization in it 's cold and decadent heyday . The overall vibe I got from Caprica was similar to that of Minority Report , minus excessive and counterproductive theatricality . In true BSG form , Caprica has in it 's first few hours of programming already tackled the issues of religious freedom , racism , the morality of playing God and the nature of the human soul.<br /><br />The casting for Caprica is also excellent . Each character is unique and deep , from the obsessive and distant scientist - turned - entrepreneur , to his troubled and willful daughter , each actor and actress throws themselves into their respective roles.<br /><br />Music , which was used so powerfully in BSG , also plays a significant role in Caprica . Battlestar 's powerful rolling drums and mournful duduks served it 's themes very well . Caprica uses a more orchestral sound , which gives the show it 's own feeling quite distinct from either of it 's predecessors . < br /><br />The new Caprica is definitely it 's own show , pulling from the Battlestar franchise only as much as it needs . I look forward to the full series .
1 I loved it , having been a fan of the original series , I have always wondered what the back story would be - it did n't fail to delight me . I also love the fact that apart from Eric Stoltz I did n't recognise one person - this is refreshing , much like BSG . It has introduced me to a whole wealth of new talent - ca n't wait for the series to start airing . Well done to Ronald D. Moore and team - excellent job . The special effects , dialogue and acting were all spot on , and I felt emotionally tied up in the storyline . I know there are purists out there that will probably disagree with my assessment , but I felt that Caprica was far superior to most of the Sci - Fi stuff produced in the last decade .
1 Good show.<br /><br />The basic background is that humanity is at a crossroads . There is a set of moral dilemmas that are being faced . Mankind has made a number of technological breakthroughs , but is mankind mature enough to deal with the its new toys ? There is moral decadence in a virtual world . There are religious fanatics who are willing to kill to get attention . I predict ( based on the BSG background ) that there will be an issue with Cylons and slavery . In addition to this , there are all the other problems that we humans bring upon ourselves.<br /><br />This show is not BSG -- at least not as far as mankind being on the run from a ruthless problem that was ultimately of their own making . There are not a lot of shoot - em - up or space - based special effects either - at least not in the first few episodes I have seen so far.<br /><br />What it does have are very good stories , characters , and themes . It also has good performances from the actors . They can make a culture which is similar to modern - day society , but alien at the same time be completely believable . Like BSG , this show is about humanity - our strengths , weaknesses , potential , and flaws . It may seem a little odd that a human society on a different set of worlds has neckties , antique cars , and chicken . But those things are really more to create a semi - familiar background than anything else . Anyone who gets stuck on those details is really missing the point . Whether you are from a mafia - style culture or an affluent and high - tech culture , humans and human nature are n't that different 150,000 years ago in a high - tech past than what we see in the world today . Wonder if the writers are trying to tell us something .
1 To all the haters out there : condemning a TV series with one episode is like judging an entire book after reading the first few pages . That being said , I was a huge fan of BSG , thought it was some of the best TV drama ( not just sci - fi ) on the air . But it was time for it to end and the story to move on . I liked the BSG epilogue " The Plan " , but it raised as many new questions as it answered , so I eagerly anticipated " Caprica " and I was not disappointed.<br /><br />I was hoping it would not try to be another BSG , and I was pleased that " Caprica " is something different , and I personally found the story exciting , in a different way than blazing space battles , explosions and sci - fi special effects ( do n't get me wrong , I like that stuff too ) . Eric Stolz and Esai Morales give solid performances , and Alessandra was just wonderful . I ca n't wait until next week .
1 I must admit , I was one of the skeptics who prematurely judged this show before relatively any information was disseminated about it . I determined that it was going to be a cheap spin - off guided by Ronald D. Moore wielding the retcon - wand.<br /><br />I was wrong!<br /><br />The pilot leaves an excellent impression upon the viewers . The accessibility is marvelous ! Of course , seasoned BSG veterans will find themselves immersed in the plot , which is focused on the development of the Cylons before the first War . ( 58 years before the events of the BSG pilot ) . The pilot also allows for newcomers , clearly presenting its plot and ideas in the first part of the episode.<br /><br />Don't be mistaken : " Caprica " is not BSG . We are presented with an immersive , cerebral drama dotted by provocative , daring , and controversial ideas . < br /><br />The casting maintains BSG 's standards ; Stoltz and Morales are simply astounding . Morales ' portrayal of Joseph Adama , inspired by Olmos ' portrayal of William , gives a wonderful glimpse of William 's heroic father . Stoltz 's portrayal of Dr. Graystone provokes a lot of thinking and questions.<br /><br />If the quality of the pilot is any indication of what 's yet to come , RDM and the creative team are set to continue BSG 's legacy of first - rate television programming with another masterfully created television masterpiece .
1 This is real character and story driven drama at a level that shames most of what we see on TV at the mo.<br /><br />I was impressed right from the start . Do n't be put off if your not a sci fi nut ( like me ... ) This could be happening on earth , the fact that its in another galaxy just makes the show more interesting . there are no space ships or laser guns ( None yet anyway ) So far I 've seen up to s01 e04 and I 'm gripped and wondering what s going to happen next as there are so many possibilities.<br /><br />The cast play there roles with pasion . Eric stoltz is especially strong.<br /><br />This show really stands alone well , it does n't matter if you watched BSG or not , in fact they are quite different . I 've read some negative reviews from sci fi geeks who expected less drama and more aliens and ray guns etc but I would say ignore them.<br /><br />This is a really positive start to a show . Lets hope they do n't cann it after 1 or 2 seasons like they normally do with good shows these days .
1 Well I have to say that I have waited for it to come.<br /><br />I wo n't try to spoil it and quite a few people have really brilliantly spoken of the pilot . On the other hand I 'm not quite sure to understand the detractors who claim themselves to be BSG fans and not like the pilot.<br /><br />What the frack did they expect ? ! ! The background is setting 50 years before BSG we are there o assist at the birth of the Cylons , see the life of the Adama family ( has we already knew some of it from BSG ) , get a deeper explanation of the Caprican population and its perception of the other colonies , and potentially the origins of the Gods belief of the human and the unique God belief of the Cylons . < br /><br />I do not expect the same profusion of special effect or space opera as the in the previous series , I make the difference between the two although I know that Caprica will reinforce BSG.<br /><br />This is 1h30 of promising start , I believe as well that this will put pressure for the scenarios to be as good as BSG . I expect a lot from the following but I have no reasons to doubts that we will learn a lot more.<br /><br />Watching the DVD 's deleted scene also gives more material for your brain to chew on.<br /><br />Looking forward to January 2010
1 I m really addicted to Caprica , because it 's a really good prequel series to Battlestar Galactica . It really has a slow pace start , but surely to pick up soon after new episodes continue to air.<br /><br />I have heard great things about future episodes and guest stars for the first season.<br /><br />This Sci Fi drama is sure to please us fans who love a mix of both genres.<br /><br />Eric Stoltz does an amazing job , as well as Polly Walker as Clarice Willow!!<br /><br />Totally worth checking out!!<br /><br />Catch Caprica On Fridays At 9pm/8pm central on SYFY
1 I have n't seen BSG , I tried to watch it once in the middle of the show but could n't get into it . However , I saw Caprica Rebirth yesterday I felt a little lost , so I decided to watch the Pilot today and I must say I was pleasantly surprised . I think this is a promising show and the only side effect it had on me is that now I want to watch BSG as well.<br /><br />But what I really liked is that I did n't have to be a hardcore BSG fan to understand what 's going on in Caprica . From what I have read in the net , they were trying to reach the female population since BSG reached way more men , and at least in my case it worked.<br /><br />However , I suggest that if you are trying to watch the show do it from the beginning starting with the Pilot .
1 If I had just seen the pilot of this show I would have rated it a 10 . I was immediately hooked on this gorgeous new world . Subsequent episodes have not completely lived up to the promise , but I will keep watching and hope that it keeps getting better . The production values are incredible and the acting is first - rate . I do n't mind that it does n't seem to align perfectly with BSG because I am so intrigued by the premise and let 's face it , they are two different shows . I 'm thrilled that both Esai Morales and one of my all - time faves , Eric Stoltz , are back in my life ( if only weekly ) as I 've missed them both . This is a show that requires a bit of thought from its audience and that is always a good thing . You kind of have to wrap your head around certain aspects of the show ; things are not always as they seem and certainly there are shades of gray , both literally and figuratively , in plot lines , characters and , of course , the various virtual worlds . We all know how it ends , but the journey is looking to be quite a ride .
1 I recently watched Caprica again and thought I might as well come and write up a review ! I first saw this right after I saw the series finale of Battlestar Galactica ( Being a big drooling fan boy of the show left me clinging onto anything I could of the shows universe ) so I did n't know what to expect ... but I did come out with a smile though I must admit ... <br /><br />The story starts off dramatically on planet of caprica and we are introduced with a variety of interesting characters ... I wo n't give too much away but there is a dramatic event that dictates the course of the story but I suggest you watch this.<br /><br />Must say ... Esai Morales is one hell of an actor he pulled off a young Joseph Adama ... (father of the Admiral in Battlestar Galactica)I found his acting spot on and I could believe that he is the father of William Adama from BSG ... <br /><br />Also Eric Stoltz fits his role precisely ... ! Special note it was good to see Polly Walker outside of Rome ! Do n't sit down and watch Caprica with the expectation of it being like Battlestar Galactica because the story line is pretty straight forward and anyone can watch it .. without having to have see BSG!.<br /><br />This show is a well written drama for those who like there drama with a bit of a sci - fi kick !
1 BSG is one of my all time favourite TV series . I was lucky enough to start watching it as the series came to it 's final season . It was a marathon from start to finish for me and what an incredible ride it was ! < br /><br />As soon as I noticed the pilot on Hulu I knew exactly what I was in for just by the title - Caprica ! Although , some things do n't add up when you compare both series it is still beautifully executed . There were no mention about the holobands in Battlestar Galactica or the mention of virtual worlds but maybe I have n't got far enough into the series for them to explain why.<br /><br />I recommend this show to anyone who loves the universe , technology , and alternate fantasies of our world . This show is very interesting and will have you wanting to watch more !
1 The Caprica episode ( S01E01 ) is well done as a pilot . Really , this episode is the exact same content as the DVD pilot release . That having been said , episode 01 gives a very substantive background of the very popular " Battlestar Galactica " series ( both the original and the 2007 remake ) . It significantly applies most to the 2007 series . As is the trending plots of sci - fi of late , this series explores " Virtual " life or environment . On top of this , we are given much background on the Adama family line as well as their relationship with the unrevealed ( in the Battlestar Galactica series ) creator of the Cylons . To the most part , this first episode revolves around the popular topic of " Virtual " life and ( as is expected ) early life of the colonies , and the birth of the Cylons . < br /><br />Over all , I rather enjoyed this episode . Although , it was not new material for myself or anyone that has already seen the DVD release of the Caprica pilot , the series seems very promising . As is the case with many pilots , episode 01 leaves us with a cliff - hanger so to ensure a follow by an audience ( sci - fi community ) . I 'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development . < br /><br />I give this series 8 stars .
1 Of course the average " Sci - Fi " Battle Star Gallactica fan will hate this . That kind of makes me happy . I do n't like those cheesy sci - fi shows especially Battle - star Gallactica and that is why I like this show.<br /><br />The creators of the show got a lot of heat for making this ( the unconventional sci - fi way ) and it was worth it . I read on Wiki that they wanted to appeal to everybody including women and not just sci - fi nerds.<br /><br />This is probably the most promising show since Lost . It has the most interesting , clever , and deepest script of any show in some time and it is truly unique.<br /><br />What I love most about the show is that it kind of plays out like a great Anime ! From young teens running around shooting guns , to and extremely well balanced and complex script , to robots it reminds me of something that came from Japan except a little bit better ( most Anime is too confusing ) .
1 This is one of those Film's / pilot that if you knew BattleStar Galactica it helps , but is n't necessary . What makes this even more believable of a story than BSG is that this is n't something so far away in the future . This has such a depth to it that it is quite astonishing it was not released theatrically . The leads could not have been chosen better in such experienced & quite talented actors . Eric Stoltz is superb as the father who will do anything to be re - united w / his daughter however real or not she is & he 'll do it no matter the cost . Paula Malcomson of " Deadwood " fame is terrific as his wife as well . You are not sure completely of his motives whether it 's love or money or both , but that is what makes this pilot even more intriguing . I see a star in the making of Zoe played by the relative unknown Alessandra Torresani & her performance . Esai Morales is terrific in his desire to see his loved one again & just how wrong to be even considering what he wants more than his moral objections . I did n't think this would be a good idea when it was announced but from the pilot alone I am thrilled to see how we got to the BSG stage story . It 's great to see Adama as a child already being affected & influenced by the different sorts of Robots starting to permeate life at this stage . I just hope that they can keep up the stories so we can figure out even more how they got the the Humanoid typed robots . This is an almost perfect pilot & I hope they can keep up the fantastic storytelling . Even the Visual effects are better than most of the garbage you see on the big screen . If you have n't gotten into BSG , @ least try this & I 'll bet you become a fan & will want to see how the BSG story came to be .
1 First off , this is an excellent series , though we have sort of a James Bond effect . What I mean is that while the new Casino Royale takes place in 2006 , it is chronologically the first adventure of 007 , Dr. No ( 1962 ) being the second , while in Golden Eye , the first film with Pierce Brosnan , Judi Dench is referred to as the new replacement for the male " M " so how could she have been in place in the beginning before Bond became a double-0 , aside from the fact that she is obviously 14 years older ? This is more or less a " poetic " license to thrill . We need to turn our heads aside a bit if we wish to be entertained . No , the new Star Trek movie does not have any of the primitive electronics of the original series from nearly half a century ago . In the 1960 's communicators were fantasy . ( now we call them cell phones ) and there were sliding levers instead of buttons . OMG , do you think 400 years from now , they would have perfected Rogaine for Jean - Luc Picard ? So , please , let 's give the producers some leeway.<br /><br />But to try and make things a bit consistent , let us just ponder about the Cylons creation just 60 years prior to the end of Battlestar Galactica . If that is the case , where did all the Cylons that populated the original earth come from ? We know that the technology exists for spontaneous jumps through space . Well , what happened if one of the Cyclon ships at war with the Caprica fleet was fired upon or there was a sunspot or whatever and one ship , loaded with human - looking Cylons , wound up not only jumping through space , but through time , back a thousand or ten thousand years with a crippled ship near Earth One . They colonized it , found out they could repopulate it and eventually destroyed themselves , but not before they themselves sent out a " ragtag " fleet to search for the legendary Caprica , only to find a habitable but unpopulated planet , which they colonized to become the humans , who eventually invented the Cylons . Time paradox ? Of course . Which came first , the chicken or the road ? Who cares ? It 's fraking entertaining !
1 Just as the new BSG was n't what fans of the original series were expecting , Caprica may not deliver what fans of the new BSG were expecting ( for the most part ) . It is a very interesting , if not somewhat self - involved show , or at least the pilot is.<br /><br />If you 're looking for the big CGI thrills of the ( new ) BSG , you 'll be sorely disappointed . If you liked the drama , you 'll probably find something you like and maybe even identify with.<br /><br />The storyline does examine on how the Cylons were developed , why Adama hates them and the origins of a monotheistic society . The writers also manage to tackle humans ' playing God(s ) ' and the creation or re - creation of ' human ' life . It will be interesting to see how this plays out.<br /><br />I found it to plod along in some parts and too preachy in others , but all in all it was promising . A small part of me wishes ( or hopes ) there might be some minor inklings of BSG in there ( aside from the back story I mentioned ) , but that would probably convolute the storyline too much . Like BSG , I 'll have to wait and see if Caprica grows on me , but it 's way too early to tell.<br /><br />It would really easy to chalk this up as a failure if you compare it to the previous series , but I 'm willing to give it a chance . Overall , I thought it was interesting enough to make me see how the actual series is before ' throwing in the ( proverbial ) towel ' .
1 A prequel to the re - imagined Battlestar Galactica series , from the same creative team Ronald D. Moore and David Eick as well as new series co - creator Remi Aubuchon . Caprica is set in the twelve colonies some 58 years prior to the events of Battlestar Galactica . The new series in addition to its human drama also chronicles the key steps in the development of what would become the Cylon race.<br /><br />The pilot and the series are set to follow two families ; the Graystone 's which include Daniel ( Eric Stoltz ) a computer genius and corporate tycoon and his equally brilliant but rebellious daughter Zoe ( Alessandra Toreson ) , while the Adama 's include Joseph ( Esai Morales ) a lawyer and his son William the future Admiral of Battlestar Galactica.<br /><br />Like Battlestar Galactica the series includes some great experienced actors in Eric Stoltz , Esai Morales and Polly Walker as well as some very talented relatively new actors including Alessandra Toreson and Magda Apanowicz.<br /><br />For fans of Battlestar Gallactica there are similarities and continuities with that series but it is also very different . In the pilot at least the science fiction elements are definitely present but are smaller part of this series . The scenes on Caprica while reflecting a more technologically advanced society also have retro feel , this is achieved through some of the architecture , the costumes and the way it is shot.<br /><br />While the look and feel of the two series have some substantial differences some of the themes will seem very familiar , religion is again very important here , while the racial theme rarely touched on in BG is far more important . We also touch on terrorism the existence of a soul and whether or not a machine can have one , as well as issues related to crime and government.<br /><br />The pilot has been released direct to DVD in an extended and unrated version prior to airing on TV , the series is set to start in 2010.<br /><br />Like Battlestar Galactica this series is filmed in Vancouver
1 Overall I was rather impressed with the pilot . The initial first fifteen minutes were worrying , as it did feel the creators were trying to create a science fiction version of The O.C but this fear is rectified when a terrorist incident occurs and from here the show steps into themes and situations that I very rarely see television tackle.<br /><br />BSG dealt with themes such as monotheism , existentialism , reality , death and terrorism but they were primarily subtext , there for the viewer to contemplate on or ignore if they so choose . Here on the other hand these subjects are the focus of the show and I personally found myself evoking such works as Ghost In The Shell and The Matrix as reference points while watching and being surprised by how well the themes were being discussed . I think if you are a fan of the two I just mentioned or other films / television shows , which deal with the subjects I referenced , I think you will find at least something here.<br /><br />In terms of a starting point to explain how the situation we know in BSG came about I believe they handled it in a very interesting way , I especially liked how they explained where the Cylon 's belief in one God came from and the creation of Caprica had just enough advanced and contemporary technology thrown in to make it appear in the future but not completely alien to us as viewers.<br /><br />The only real weak points I noticed were the relationship between the Greystone parents and the actress who plays ' Lacy Rand ' . While I like Eric Stoltz and Paula Malcomson individually , together their scenes seemed to lack chemistry , at this point it could simply be down to developing their characters , but this is something I think needs work . I also found Magda Apanowicz to be unconvincing in her role . This again could be down to experience and time needed to develop , but throughout the episode her acting appeared forced and not completely confident.<br /><br />Based on the pilot I greatly look forward to seeing where ' Caprica ' goes in the future and hopefully it will touch the greatness that BSG once did .
1 This movie answers the question , how does a relationship survive when your girlfriend is codependent , clinging , needy , jealous .. and has powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal women?<br /><br />Without spoiling the movie , I can safely assure you it does not , but there 's great fun to be had along the way . Uma Thurman is perfect as the mercurial super - heroine , an uber - babe , mysteriously named G - Girl , who unlike most in her sisterhood , is not * always * dedicated to truth , justice , and the American Way . < br /><br />Thurman is also believable as the thoroughly daft , yet somehow still fetching , curator Jenny . When she is dumped for a less endowed but more emotionally secure and well adjusted rival , G - Girl goes ballistic , and what follows is not pretty . It 's funny , but it 's not pretty .. < br /><br />It 's a delightful premise , hell hath no fury like a super - heroine scorned , and those involved do n't altogether carry it off , but it has its moments , and I think I 'll get the DVD.<br /><br />I liked this movie ..
1 On paper this looked like a great concept : Average guy on the rebound dates up tight bookish museum curator , who is really a hot Superhero who saves the world on a regular basis . However , director Ivan Reitman and writer Don Payne ( of the " Simpson 's " ) almost fatally miscalculate in having their hero G - Girl ( played by striking Uma Thurman ) come off as a total nut job as both Superhero and secret identity persona Jenny Johnson . The movie even cops to this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders ( Luke Wilson ) following his rescue by G - Girl from the Statue of Liberty . Jenny curiously asks Matt what was G - Girl like . Matt replies , " She 's kind of nutty … " I think the intent was to have Jenny ( Thurman ) be this lonely young woman , who has no one in her life , isolated by her great physical powers . Thurman does the best she can , but her Jenny is a terrifying mood swing in dire need of Prozac . Luke Wilson is way too breezy in the role reversal of boyfriend and superhero girl friend.<br /><br />"My Super Ex - Girlfriend " is also a victim of bad timing , coming on the tail end of " Superman Returns " which plays Superhero straight up , so to speak . With all its quirks and inconsistent writing I still thought " My Super Ex - Girlfriend " was funny and enjoyed the movie . Given that this is an Ivan Reitman movie , this could have been a lot better . Reitman starts with a great premise , and really squanders it . First off , we all love the hero . Here neither Jenny nor G - Girl is really all that likable . This is surprising for Uma Thurman , who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence . In the beginning her Jenny/ G - Girl is just plain weird . Shocking . Because if there is a woman who can play a Superhero , she is Thurman—she looks great . Only toward the end does her Jenny become more sympathetic , instead of caricature . Although " My Super Ex " is not a straight Superhero story , rather a romantic comedy of sorts , it does not provide what every Superhero mythology requires—a great super villain . Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry ( Eddie Izzard ) who really is evil lite . He is no Lex Luthor . No plans for Global domination . Bedlam rather Barry does hold a grudge against G - Girl , and expectedly it has to do with their shared past . What is bizarre you do n't know who you would rather spend time with—Bedlam or G - Girl ? Luke Wilson 's Matt is just " some dude " who happens to hook up with the psycho superhero . One of the annoying things he does is that he confides in his repugnant loser friend Vaughn ( Rainn Wilson doing a bad whacked out impersonation ) . Wilson sometimes plays it a little too dense , and this dilutes his likable charm . This does however work , in the comic sex scene with Jenny . Matt while dating Jenny/ G - Girl realizes that he is in love with his co - worker Hannah ( perky Anna Faris ) . So how does Matt break up with G - Girl ? Well , it 's not pretty and for the most part hilarious.<br /><br />Dramatic Superhero movies work . Romantic comedies with chemistry work . What may be inherently difficult are Superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies . Everyone loves the hero . However , hero nut job ? Maybe not . With all Uma Thurman 's talent she is unable to accomplish this convincingly . And she does not get sufficient support from Reitman and Payne . Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failings . " My Super Ex - Girlfriend " is fun and funny . Though given all involved , the movie could have been super .
1 A big surprise , probably because I was expecting it to suck . The reviews were pretty dismissive of it , even though they all seemed to agree that the concept was golden : a man finds out his new girlfriend is a super hero , and finds , when he wants to break up with her , that she 's kind of a psycho . I kept expecting it to fall apart , but it never really did . Sure , it does n't make as much of its awesome premise as it could , and chooses to be short when it might have been better to expand the film 's universe . But I ca n't blame it for that . Uma Thurman is great as the bipolar superhero , G - Girl . And I 've discovered , after several years of disliking him , that Luke Wilson can be absolutely perfect when cast as a schlub . He 's given two of the best comic performances of 2006 ( the other in the pretty much unreleased Idiocracy ) . I absolutely cracked up at the expressions on his face when he and Thurman first have sex . It 's one of the funniest sex scenes ever . My only real complaint is that they make G - Girl a bit too much of a psycho , like almost unbelievably so . Maybe with some background I could have accepted it better . I can forgive its flaws , though , because I had a really good time watching it . Underrated , for sure .
1 My Super Ex Girlfriend turned out to be a pleasant surprise for me , I was really expecting a horrible movie that would probably be stupid and predictable , and you know what ? It was ! But this movie did have so many wonderful laughs and a fun plot that anyone could get a kick out of . I know that this was a very cheesy movie , but Uma and Anna were just so cool and Steve was such a great addition along with a great cast that looked like they had so much fun and that 's what made the movie really work.<br /><br />Jenny Johnson(scary , that 's my best friend 's actual name ) is not your typical average librarian looking woman , when Matt , your average male , asks her out , he 's in for more than he expected , he 's asked G - Girl out on a date , the super hero of the world ! But when he finds out what a jealous and crazy girl she really is and decides that it may be a good idea that they spend some time apart , but Jenny wo n't have it since he 's fallen for another girl , Hannah , and she will make his life a living hell , I mean , let 's face it , he could n't have chosen a better girl to break up with.<br /><br />The effect were corny , but you seriously move past them quickly , the story and cast made the story really work and I loved Uma in this movie , it was such a step up from Prime . My Super Ex Girlfriend is a fun movie that you should n't really take seriously , it 's just a cute romantic comedy that I think if I could get a laugh out of it , anyone could.<br /><br />7/10
1 The title got my attention and then I wondered what will come out in the plot , as we have seen so many " super - people " movies these years ... and in fact , I really liked it , as there were a number of unusual funny scenes that I did n't expect . Uma Thurman performed as average in G - Girl 's role . Surprisingly , I was again able to watch her toes in wide screen ( like in the beginning of Kill Bill ) . Luke Wilson however played very well the idiot everyday guy who meets the big woman , I could really get into his situation . If you want a light touch of fun , you should definitely watch G - Girl 's and average Matt 's adventures , especially to cheer up your partner . 7/10 in my collection .
1 A guy desperate for action attempts to hit on a gorgeous girl in a bus . She refuses him , but when he runs after someone who tries to steal her purse they get together anyway . And there it starts - a relation that is slightly tainted by the fact that she is a jealous and neurotic superhero . It ca n't be a secret that things between them are going to be problematic.<br /><br />In short , a story that could promise to grow out into a cool film . And IMO , it succeeds at being a nice film . It 's no masterpiece , but it had me in tears from laughing on more than one occasion - the two lead characters twirl around each other in a crazy love fest that is , even with the superhero thing going , believable.<br /><br />So . Thin story , but worked out really funny and thus worthy of cinema time.<br /><br />7 out of 10 broken hearts
1 well , this is an Ivan Reitman film . with the rare exception , Ivan likes to entertain . His films generally are n't " deep " , but they are often entertaining enough . My Super Ex - Girlfriend surprised me in that i laughed more than i thought i would . Uma Thurman is just so grand , and i love her portrayals . I like Luke Wilson too , and Rainn Wilson was a straight hoot . Never taking itself seriously , the film is over the top and yet is n't very unique , nor does it go where no one has gone before .... it 's a nice rent though and probably an OK date movie , especially if you have a headache and do n't want to strain your brain . It 's escapist fun and there 's nothing wrong with that . When you strip away the " super - girl " stuff , you 're left with a story about relationships , and relationships gone bad . It 's a boy meets girl , boy leaves girl thing . And in the end , the characters are looking for love . Not all of them take being " dumped " as well as they could .... a slice of life with a twist .
1 Of those comments here before mine , I mostly agree with Edyarb 's . The story and the script apparently had potential to be funny , but though managing at some points , in other places it failed . You could see them wanting to make a joke , but no one in the audience laughed . ( Also agree with Edyarb 's view on the end credits : leave it normal or make it cool , but not what they 've done now . ) < br /><br />OK , that gives a more negative feeling than what I actually had watching the movie . I enjoyed it ; it was pleasant entertainment for a night and definitely did n't feel like a waste of money to get the ticket . The best jokes are the ones that go a little bit outside of the expected and are fairly mature , like Luke Wilson 's character Matt asking the super chick " P*nis or bed ? " when she told him she 'd " get him a new one " after a wild night in bed , ending up breaking the bed and leaving Matt sore.<br /><br />I can not , however , agree with bgs1614,who says that the film could earn an ' R ' rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify that . Some sexual acts yes , but nothing explicit , only humorous , and no nudity whatsoever . ( Maybe he was at a prescreening that showed more ... ? ) I 'd like to compare this to two recent films I went to see with no expectations whatsoever : Superman Returns and Click . I did n't really expect anything from either one - I was a big fan of the original Superman films and the trailer for Click only showed it as a potentially chauvinistic ( which I would n't oppose ) film . Superman surprised me with actually having me feel good(goosebumps ! ) about seeing his first heroic deed , like seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it . But for the rest of the story I 'd rather watch My Super Ex - girlfriend , at least it offers some surprises . Click again was a TOTAL surprise , much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really excellent movie . The jokes also work much better than in Ex - girlfriend , both the naughty ones and the more advanced ones.<br /><br />Anyway , the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the three last ones I 've seen , within a very short period , and also because I went to all of these with basically no expectations at all . I 'd rank them Click , Girlfriend , Superman .
1 My Super Ex - Girlfriend is an entertaining movie no more no less . < br /><br />The story is quiet simple . Matt Saunders(Luke Wilson ) meets Jenny(Uma Thurman ) on the subway and hooks up with her . In the beginning of their relationship everything seems to be OK , but then Matt finds out that she 's G - Girl . At first that seems really cool to Matt but it turns out that G - Girl is very jealous and needy . So he decides to break up with her and hook up with his colleague Hannah(Anna Faris ) . This makes G - Girl very mad and she starts to avenge herself on her former boyfriend.<br /><br />What I liked most in the movie are the scenes where G - Girl avenges herself on Matt . It was also nice to see Anna Faris in another role then her character from the Scary Movie saga.<br /><br />I give this movie a 7 out of 10 and recommend it to anybody who likes a nice comedy .
1 I got to say that Uma Thurman is the sexiest woman on the planet . this movie was uber cute and I mean uber cute . It had all the " sex " content that most Ivan Reitman comedies have but with something a lil extra , CHEMISTRY . Uma and Luke both have this awkrawrd but believable chemistry that seem to transcend in each scene . Both seem to create this odd , twisted and interesting relationship with powerful " sexual " tension that you laugh until you ca n't feel your face anymore . Anna Farris and the rest of the supporting cast seem to play off each other 's roles perfectly and even Wanda Sykes ' rather small role will keep you laughing . Though these kind of comedies are n't for everybody , but I have to say I went with a person that does n't usually enjoy these films and he was laughing like crazy . This movie is certainly not for everyone . especially younger children since some moments are little too ... well lets say ADULT for younger viewers . All in all I was pleasantly surprised by this movie , tough the ending I found was a little weak compared to the rest of the film . ( 3 1/2 * out of 5 * )
1 My Super X - Girlfriend is one hell of a roller coaster ride . The special effects were excellent and the costumes Uma Thurman wore were hubba buba . Uma Thurman is an underrated comedic actress but she proved everyone wrong and nailed her role as the lunatic girlfriend . She was just simply FABULOUS ! ! ! Luke Wilson was also good as the average Joe but he was a brave man to work with one of the greatest actresses of all time . The supporting cast was also superb especially Anna Faris who was extremely good ( A lot better than in the Scary Movie franchise).<br /><br />Ivan Rietman did very well in directing this film because if it was n't for him and Uma Thurman this film would n't have done so well . This film is clearly a 10/10 for it 's cast ( Uma Thurman ) , it 's director , it 's screenplay and from it 's original plot line . This film is very highly recommended .
1 This movie was one of the funniest movie I 've seen in years and the laughs from the audience members support me . Not since My Big Fat Greek Wedding ( 2002 ) has the laughter been as spontaneous and intense . Easily has intricate as last year 's Mr. and Mrs. Smith ( 2005 ) in its use of parody ( espionage in Mr. and Mrs. Smith and sex in My Super Ex - Girlfriend ) . Director 's Ivan Reitman balance between comedy and drama , between crazy and downright ludicrous is great . Never does the shock and dramatic serious crack the rule of comedy . At the same time , this predictable romantic comedy never loses its touching emotional elements even if the ending is broadcast in advance . In some ways , it 's so evident that it 's great to see how it plays out . Just like in real life , sometimes the truth is so evident that one ca n't really see it . Easily eight out of ten stars ranking up there with Tootsie ( 1982 ) . Possibly a nine ( depends on how it appears on a second viewing ) .
1 This is one of those movies that make better trailers than full - length feature films . The concept was really cool and different , the humor was unique , I just felt there were missed opportunities to put the " punch " into this movie . So many lines and gags were left hanging too long , with no definite ending and really did n't leave me laughing . Wilson , Wilson , Farris & Thurman were great . Wanda Sykes was under - used in this film and needed more exposure , and more opportunities to spin her character into more screen time . 7 out of 10 for me , more of a DVD rental . Also , I was looking for some sort of a feel - good music video during the end credits , something that has become sort of a trade - mark to these romantic comedy films , a la Something About Mary , Meet the Parents but again , I was left feeling a little cheated by fact that this COULD have been a much better film with a little more music and punchier punch lines . It felt like it was RUSHED into theaters .
1 In New York , when the shy and lonely project manager of a design firm Matt Saunders ( Luke Wilson ) meets Jenny Johnson ( Uma Thurman ) in the subway , he invites her to date and have dinner with him . Jenny immediately falls in love for him , they have sex and she discloses her true identity to him , telling that she is the powerful superhero G - Girl . After meeting his co - worker and friend Hannah Lewis ( Anna Faris ) , the needy Jenny becomes jealous , controlling and manipulative , and Matt follows the advice of his best friend Vaughn Haige ( Rainn Wilson ) and dumps her , breaking her heart . Jenny turns Matt 's life into hell , while he has a romance with Hannah . However , the archenemy of G - Girl and former high school sweetheart of Jenny , Professor Bedlam ( Eddie Izzard ) , proposes Matt to lure Jenny to strip her superpowers.<br /><br />"My Super Ex - Girlfriend " is delightfully silly and funny . This romantic comedy - adventure has many hilarious moments and is very entertaining . Luke Wilson is great in the role of an idiot , Anna Farris is extremely sexy as usual , and Uma Thurman is great in the role of a deranged neurotic superhero that recalls Glenn Close in " Fatal Attraction " or Evelyn Draper in " Play Misty For Me " . My vote is seven.<br /><br />Title ( Brazil ) : " Minha Super Ex - Namorada " ( " My Super Ex - Girlfriend " )
